I would also like to thank all the MEPs who have worked and cooperated, sometimes on the basis of discrepancies and sometimes on the basis of agreement, on this report on the prevention of and response
to terrorist attacks and I would like in particular to thank my good friends Rosa Díez and Antoine Duquesne for their cooperation and their contributions to this report. It was Croatia - we should not forget
- that got things moving with its elections under a year ago. The situation in Ireland and Mr Gillis's report demand a comparison of sheepmeat production in the various peripheral regions of the European
Union and in particular the Union's less favoured regions. I do not believe, Mr Solana, that we can restore this credibility by military means. We should be helping them. He might not be surprised to hear
me say that, during the last five years, I have sometimes seen a little distance opening up between what people advocate at European level and what happens in the Member States. A Europe where liberalisation
does not mean the liquidation of public services. In the EU, people have donated billions; one television programme in Germany brought in EUR&#160;40 million. These are two regulations from the package proposed
by the Commission, which I would like to thank for their comprehensive response to this House's expectations. That is where we are. Neither can we expect immediately, so to speak, an easy outcome of the
reforms, which are sometimes just institutional hot air. Women' s health is one of the priorities of the meeting' s final document, with special mention of the spread of Aids, especially in certain areas
of the planet, which affects women in a particular way and requires special measures for prevention and treatment. It is important that the European Union should make a more intensive effort to overcome
climatic change, implement the Kyoto agreement and reduce greenhouse gases. All in all, this has been a profitable six months for the European Union, despite the huge costs of war and the difficult economic
position. A very important result so far has been the Kyoto Protocol. All the recent reports by the UN Secretary General, the UN Human Rights Committee and non-governmental organisations describe a drastic
situation for minorities, especially the Serbian minority in Kosovo. As people work very hard to save for holidays, we must make them feel secure. We may regret that the efforts made by officials in the
regional administration for over a year, and which I believe should be acknowledged, were not enough to prevent the termination of some of the activities at the plant in Terni. The Court of Auditors sent
me this preliminary report and it is going out to consultation. Voluntary organisations and individual volunteers are every bit a part of the sporting world, and it is surely thanks to them that sport is
alive in our countries and that mass sport will be able to survive in future. Our strategy also needs to be innovative and varied because of this; it needs to improve and, most importantly, we must learn
from our mistakes, since we certainly do make mistakes. One of these issues is the issue of doctors on duty, although this links up with the more general issue of equating readiness to work with working
time and, in this sense, it also applies to other categories of workers. Our reply as Socialists must be that Europe is governed by the Right. I believe that before introducing further measures we need to
evaluate the full, systematic implementation of existing mechanisms, to avoid the risk of creating greater problems than those we are seeking to overcome. I am also looking ahead to this year’s European
elections. Madam President, the starting point for this resolution is the almost mezza voce dissolution of the party led by Aung San Suu Kyi, who is a recipient of the Sakharov Prize and has been under
house arrest for years. For the very poorest countries, aside from the trade measure you have just mentioned, you have created the Europe Aid Cooperation Office, on the model of US Aid, and have, for the
most part, replaced development with aid. Yet the development of technology is too slow and its diffusion, especially to developing countries, is particularly slow. The Kyoto Protocol also stipulates that,
by the end of 2005, parties must demonstrate their progress in meeting their Kyoto commitments. For Christians and Kurds, it is, to say the least, an unpleasant place to be. Mr President, on behalf of the
Group of the European People' s Party/European Democrats, I would like to thank the rapporteur and to welcome this directive. The risk is rising that internal political conflicts will escalate. What happens
is that interplay between political majorities and minorities, a feature of chambers like ours, means that a whole range of elements tend to be added to resolutions such as the one before us today. Since
a Commission document has just come out, dated today, saying that EU - Morocco negotiations on the agri-food and fisheries sectors are progressing, I should like to know if it was these negotiations that
the Chairman of the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament was referring to this morning when he used the negotiations as an argument to delete from today's
agenda the topic on Aminatou Haidar, the Sahrawi fighter who has been on hunger strike for 32 days and is in a life-threatening condition at this very moment. When will we see a regulation of trade from
the perspective of the fight against the greenhouse effect? I would just ask Parliament, and hope - as I will try to do in Council - to keep supporting the Constitution with the balanced view that we have
to deal with a small number of outstanding issues as regards some countries and perhaps as regards countries that have declared their positions recently because of changes in governments. By way of example,
in its draft budget for 2001, the Commission has proposed an outrageous cut in the budget for implementation of POSEI, giving rise to an acute sense of disquiet among the many agricultural producers in
the outermost regions, on whose behalf I am speaking before you today. After six years of negotiations, the time has come for recognition to be given to Croatia's efforts in meeting the accession criteria. We
are committed to freedom of research and development. They acknowledge that trade provisions may be needed to achieve environmental objectives and that the existing accommodation for such instruments within
the WTO rules should be preserved. Unfortunately, it has not been possible to get the support of the Heads of Government in Europe. However, I would like to say to the European People's Party, who are not
as well represented in this House - apart from Mrs Jackson and others - as I thought they might be, that tribute should be paid to the previous rapporteur, namely Sir James Scott-Hopkins. The largest project
involves the disposal of radioactive waste and will be completed with the building of a depository and a safety assessment of this facility and the location chosen. The Commission has formally asked the
Member States for information about their national rules, and is currently looking into the responses it has received, and I can assure the Members of this Parliament that the Commission will start proceedings
against Member States, where necessary. Mr President, would it be possible to speak without being interrupted? Since the Treaties contain no specific legal basis for a real Community tourism policy, the
European Union must help to improve and encourage cooperation in this sector, in accordance with the principle of subsidiarity, in order to take practical advantage of the potential which tourism offers
in terms of employment. It should be an open and frank exchange of ideas. However for these to be successful they need to be enforced at national and Union level. Rapporteur Wijsenbeek has pointed us more
or less in the direction of the digital era. The forging of more open relations with a democratic Ukraine is both a great challenge and a great responsibility for the Luxembourg Presidency. There are several
tragic examples of accidental pollution from tankers and from other ships carrying other forms of dangerous cargoes. Last but not least, I would like to note that the Commission recently adopted the authorisation
of GA 21 maize, which will facilitate imports with the advantageous presence of this GM event from Argentina. I voted in favour of the European Parliament's resolution on the EEAS because, in order to succeed
in her mission, the High Representative urgently needs to acquire a competent diplomatic arm. I feel optimistic about the future, because my tremendous awareness of the war on the scourge which threatens
our young people and which has been the subject of questions and speeches in the past is today echoed by my honourable friends. If you wish to be the guardians of the treaties - there are, for example,
negotiations taking place today within the Council aimed at returning the refugees to Libya, and we ask the Council to tell us what the legal basis of those negotiations is. This is partly the task of the
Commission, but it is also a task that you must surely take on board. However, the redistribution of funds was made subject to approval and this approval has not yet been given. Nobody is saying that we
should not. We do not accept all types of trophy hunting. We are losing time every day. I think it is our job to provide the information in the field. Freedom of the press in Italy is nothing more than an
attempt by publishing groups, magistrates and politicians to delegitimise the Prime Minister and his government. This is because it covets power and ignores partnership and we cannot go down this road. Mr
President, I would like to start by thanking the rapporteur for his excellent cooperation. Ratification of the ILO's 2006 Consolidated Maritime Labour Convention (debate) The reason for that comment, Mr
Dell'Alba, was precisely because there had been parachutages. These are initial, tangible recommendations, although, in future, we must avoid the repetition of the spiral of debt, with no checks on the
choices made. In future, offenders will have their fines sent to their homes, along with any reminders, and in that way they will be encouraged to follow the rules. We are disappointed that our amendments
to the regulation before us were rejected, the purpose of which was to safeguard the present and future of fishermen, of fisheries and of this sector’s vital role in our diet, particularly in Portugal. I
congratulate the rapporteur for his handling of this report through three readings and lengthy negotiations with the Council in the conciliation process. These are women and men of all ages, of all social
conditions and of all political viewpoints who have been cruelly wrested from those close to them. Regarding the United States, I shall be leaving for there in two weeks' time, so it will be possible also
to talk about your proposal. Inequalities between men and women on various levels, whether by profession, sector or various stereotypes, have become blurred over the years. War criminals must also be brought
to book and tried. Obviously, as joint host, the European Union has a special interest in making this conference a success: teams from the Commission and a certain number of Commissioners are working on
it together. I would like to point out here the main and most obvious consequences in the event that the Commission’s proposal is approved. The Commission might consider funding such projects under component
one for Serbia - which is institution building - and component three for Croatia - which falls under regional development - if the respective authorities in Croatia and Serbia so request. It also corresponds
to the growth of our economies through satellite telecommunications and navigation. How can we reconcile Turkey' s accession to the Union with its ongoing military conflict with Greece over Cyprus? However,
despite this forward vision, it has never forgotten or neglected its past, indeed it treasures and protects its history and culture, in the ballet, the Opera House, the Everyman Theatre, Triskel Arts Centre,
National Sculpture Factory, Crawford Art Gallery, Crawford College of Art and Design, University College Cork, Cork Institute of Technology, the School of Music, the College of Commerce, to mention just
a few. We should concern ourselves with their present by taking supportive measures and creating infrastructures of therapeutic care, by organizing care centres and programmes for the specialist training
of medical and geriatric staff who will look after the patients and who will be able to relieve their family environment of the psychological and social consequences of the disease. We eventually ended
up with maximum harmonisation and, in my view, this maximum European harmonisation will provide considerable protection not only for consumers, but also for the bona fide companies involved in the trade
in question. In this respect, Parliament must approve and support the voluntary initiatives taken to complement the international rules and obligations that fall to national authorities, with a view to
promoting codes of conduct, provided that these are drawn up by all the parties concerned and are monitored and controlled in an effective and independent manner. That failure also extends to Europe. One
might almost say that it is a bit warped: the best solution is of course the abolition of the death penalty; the second best is a moratorium; the worst of all the bad solutions is for there to be still
such things as stoning to death or other even crueller modes of execution, and the second worst is to demand that people be executed ‘humanely’. If you add the case of the three Red Cross workers, whose
deaths prompted the urgent debate here today, and the fact that it is known that these Red Cross people were murdered by the Burundian army, then there is more to this than crimes committed by extremist
groups. We have also realised that coordination of fiscal policies through the SGP might not be sufficient in a Union sharing a single currency so we have agreed to introduce a new mechanism to tackle macroeconomic
imbalances, which will be treated on the same footing as fiscal imbalances. With the 2006 reform, Objective 2 related to the strengthening of regional competitiveness and employment in a total of 168 regions
in 19 Member States, which corresponds to 314 million people, with total funding of EUR 54.7 billion (just under 16% of total funds) for 2007-2013. Further, we have worked to facilitate better monitoring,
to guarantee that the best possible use is made of the resources devoted to this end, and to ensure that our actions are coordinated as closely as possible with the Member States' policies and initiatives
in these areas. There were no time limits imposed for accession. In the Liberal ALDE Group, we are pleased that the EIB has actually followed the recommendations that Parliament has put forward for so many
years. Nor do we think that the Lisbon strategy should be the basis for trying to procure significantly increased expenditure by the EU. Firstly, the Commission is convinced that mandatory adherence to common
general rules on integrated pest management by professional pesticide users is a fundamental measure to reduce dependence on pesticides. Spinning around in this wheel, we face two major problems - resources
and waste. It is our duty to protect human life and to implement the necessary measures, and I am obliged to the Commissioner for the further, very specific, proposals he has made today. Mr President, the
report I am today presenting is in line with the Council recommendation of 1992 regarding the promotion of worker participation in company profits, which was a follow up to a Commission report on the situation
in 1990. It is also providing us with the opportunity to examine the situation we currently find ourselves in, as we are being forced to adapt regulations on two counts, which means that we sometimes need
to adopt working methods which are not our own. On 15 March 1995 the Commission received the CibaGeigy maize application. What do you think about the various transport sectors, about the differences in their
handling of passenger rights? In my opinion, the two principles underlying this approach open up interesting prospects for our mountain areas, because in the future it will be possible, by combining the
existing subprogrammes and measures into a single programme, to set clear priorities in order to select from the many options those which guarantee the most fruitful development. I would also like to praise
the unions in Malta, especially the General Workers' Union, for their hard work and efforts in the interests of Maltese workers. If we want this freight priority legislation to be accepted, we of course
also need to consider the fact that in Europe, there are countries like Germany which will have to carry out the greatest proportion of the transit. My view is that not enough preparation was made. Our decision
will be ‘yes’, but a ‘yes’ designed to start the ball rolling and with a price attached. Since we are dealing here with a complex issue, involving not only the matter of labelling but also problems concerning
the internal market and many other questions, I have proposed - and the Council has agreed - that the issue be referred first of all to the competent advisory committee, because in that committee producers,
consumer bodies and representatives of the meat industry can formulate a joint proposal. Firstly I would like to make the point that public deficits have never created jobs. (CS) Ladies and gentlemen, human
rights are inalienable rights, and I feel that this is a fundamental value on which the entire European project is based. There are two things in particular MEPs will need to do once this legislation is
on the statute book. The report also draws particular attention to the need for specific social protection for minority communities, and especially the Roma community. I need do no more than remind the House
of the exciting debate on genital mutilation that took place in Bamako in Mali – itself a country in which this practice is not yet proscribed by law – when the discussion went on for hours and we even
managed to get it carried on the radio. Another form of populism involves making proposals under the guise of Europeanism when we know that they have no chance at all of being approved. This is why I expect
concerted European activity with a strong international component. (FR) The Napolitano report reflects the traditional view held in the European Parliament on its relationship with the national parliaments:
that these are isolationist and content to console themselves with the subordinate role of defenders of fragmented national interests. My last comment concerns the European initiative on democracy and human
rights, under which very specific action is being taken to support the fight against child labour, which numerous members referred to, and the reintegration of working children in education. Yes, well,
to my mind, this is actually a case of being economical with the truth, because now we have to admit that the European Arrest Warrant was a problem from the beginning, since we acted as if all Member States
would implement certain legal norms and minimum standards for criminal proceedings. The Group of the European Liberal, Democrat and Reform Party’s amendments are to emphasise this, and I very much hope
that there will be broad support for these proposals. May I thank the 76 colleagues who lent me their votes in the second round to support the fair chair platform. (FI ) Mr President, both the Commission
communication and Mr Rack's report constitute a very interesting record of the experiences obtained with the implementation of regional policy in the three new Member States. We therefore fail to understand
why a knowledge of the language of the country of origin of European citizens living in other countries in the European Union is not maintained with lessons in the mother tongue right from nursery and
school age, so that this can be maintained and developed, both by the specific host country and by the country of origin and the European Union as a whole. I think this Renewables Directive is an outstanding
example. First, following the appointment of Aldo Ajello, who should receive our unconditional support in what he is doing, this House should be alerted to the fact that the budget has still not been released. One
issue on scope where we did not follow you is the exclusion of legal services. This goes above all for the larger companies and public sector organisations which can afford to settle their bills but who
perhaps like the idea of deferring payment to net more interest on the money in their bank accounts. De Gaulle rightly said that the first human right was national sovereignty for the simple reason that
there is no point in having rights without a political society which is free from feudalism and empires. That is not right, it is not European and it reduces road traffic safety. The terrorists who reject
that commitment and seek to use violence to impose their ideas will be defeated’. In the light of that, and with reference to Albania, I think we can fairly say that the elections there were conducted in
an atmosphere of violence that would not be acceptable in Italy or Greece and should not be acceptable for Albania either. As I come from one of the outermost regions, I will concentrate on Mr&#160;Marques’s
report, which focuses on a stronger partnership for the outermost regions, because it makes it possible, thanks to some in-depth work, to provide a comprehensive assessment of the European Union’s activities
in those regions. Do I really have to make you a list of travellers' crimes? Just imagine if people were suddenly banned from fighting for the equality of all people regardless of sexual orientation. As representatives
of the citizens of Europe, we in Parliament must comment on this. We have made it impossible for people to register their dissent from the project. Wiebenga report (A-0091/99) At the same time, I want to
congratulate the rapporteur on her formula for resolving the financing in favour of minority languages. If, therefore, we want to have transatlantic relations, we need to redefine the relationship. (IT)
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, I agree with what has already been said by my colleagues from the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats). Even if our respective approaches to
economic and regulatory issues remain different, consumer safety and data protection illustrate this. Can we ensure, Mr President, that you and others, including the staff secretariat check out the amendments
as they are tabled to make sure they reflect the wishes of the Members that tabled them? The office of the OSCE in Grozny has been shut, and the visit to Chechnya of the delegation planned by the European
Parliament was called off for no acceptable reason. Industry has voluntarily proposed to limit the use of PFOA by 2014, which in itself is a clear sign that our instincts were right to insist on its inclusion
in the legislation. I firmly believe that the Council and Parliament share the common aim of increasing patient safety in the EU. I hope it will focus our attention on this important matter and strengthen
respect for every human being, but also that it will strengthen our responsibility for human rights standards in the European Union as well as in those parts of the world where the death penalty is in
use. A Europe that is willing to involve its citizens more in the decision-making process, thereby giving a practical example of governance. We strove hard in 1974 and 1975 to be able to call ourselves a
free and democratic country and not a ‘Cuba of Europe’. With regard to providing a mandate for talks within the framework of the United Nations' convention, the idea is that a mandate shall in fact be provided,
but this may be a little difficult. Four rounds of negotiations have now been completed, and there have been substantial advances on the main goods and services issues, with excellent progress on investment,
public contracts, competition and intellectual property. In Amendment 14, I propose to replace 'countries' by the expression 'countries and territories'. Furthermore, in Chapter 3 of the Regulation the rights
of consumers are protected, in so far as it is laid down that consumers may continue to seek out repair shops themselves. First of all, I would like to thank Ms Frassoni for her cooperation on this annual
report, but, most of all, I would like to make clear the importance of the Petitions Committee in this monitoring and implementation procedure. We support this request and would ask the EU negotiators to
do likewise. It is aimed at reflecting the request made by the authorities in East Timor at the United Nations Security Council for a peace-keeping mission with a UN mandate, should this prove necessary. Although
I did say that a lot of good things had been achieved, it is possible to regard a glass as either half full or half empty. The legal proceedings against the journalists fly in the face of every legal principle. It
does not do the host country credit if the European Parliament in its territory has inconceivable difficulties trying to establish a rational building policy. Our proposal is to further develop the economic
pillar of our Economic and Monetary Union. This very day, as we are having this debate, the Competition Council is sitting and discussing matters in Brussels, where Mr&#160;Bolkestein will propose a radical
step towards the commercialisation of care, and other, services. The framework agreement appears unbalanced. The principle of free visas for Ukrainian citizens should also be adopted at the earliest opportunity. Seven
action plans have been adopted with Israel, Jordan, Morocco, Tunisia, the Palestinian Authority, Ukraine and Moldova. Every year 2&#160;500&#160;people flee from Chinese-occupied Tibet because they wish
to practice their religion freely and to study in their native language. Similarly, we observed the amendments made by the S&amp;D Group, advocating the principle of relative stability. &#160;&#160; Mr&#160;President,
Commissioner, the transport of goods on European roads will increase by more than 60% between now and 2013, and by 2020 it will double in the new Member States. All these areas have in common the fact that
they affect public health and so should not have been shaped in the way they actually were. Commissioner Busquin has now indicated how a European research area could be brought about. I would firstly like
to say that we all had doubts about whether or not this Euro-Mediterranean ministerial meeting would be able to take place, for obvious reasons: the situation in the Middle East presented enormous uncertainties
and serious risks and, at certain moments, many people doubted whether this meeting could even take place. Simply the little I have been able to learn, my limited and modest experience of what fighting
a terrorist organisation has meant, for more than twenty-five years, in my country, Spain, and in the Basque Country. Mr President, I have brought a cube with me, which shows the flag of the European Union
- the 12 stars. That will include a chapter relating to action on emissions from maritime transport. I should like to emphasise that the Commission considers that we need to have this very important programme
on pollution-related diseases in place as soon as possible. Mr President, we have made this request because we believe the issue needs to be examined more deeply. Disappearances, rape, arbitrary arrest and
execution are the order of the day. However, the Commission considered that the political compromise in the Council was the best that was available at the time. This problem should be taken on board when
determining eligibility. Ultimately, these procedures will be at the sharp end of the legitimacy challenge facing all political ranks. We cannot herald good intentions and then fail to put them into practice
because of a lack of funding. The Presidency is actually in favour of a VAT reduction targeted in particular at highly labour-intensive and non-relocatable sectors. The Justice and Home Affairs Council receives
regular reports on this. Mr President, Commissioner, my dear colleagues, the Council's draft regulations submitted to us have received the approval of our group, but I am led to make two comments, one on
procedure, and the other on substance. We should also examine how the five-year strategic objectives of the Commission, its 'Government Programme', are linked to the multiannual financial frameworks (MFF)
and, moreover, to the Annual Policy Strategy. We need to alter the structure of Europe and leave behind any fantasies of supranationality and federalism so that we can include our Mediterranean neighbours
in an expanded European Union, which will clearly make imperial powers see that they are up against a group of countries devoted to the preservation of liberty, that is to say ? Mr Cohn-Bendit, the truth
is this: if we want to have a Europe that is closer to the citizens, we have to make our choices on the basis of policies. Finally, in the application and in the light of almost 300 requests still pending,
the services of the European Commission must act more quickly in recognising these safeguards. We therefore propose that we do not accept this proposal. The Commission welcomes the proposal contained in
the report to stipulate exactly what procedures persons and entities on the list should follow if they wish to apply to be deleted from the list of those persons and entities whose funds and economic resources
are frozen. That is what the text is doing, and I think that we should welcome that fact. See its participation in the ASEM process. The most important task policy-makers and politicians have is to strike
a healthy balance between sustainability and agricultural economics. In the Netherlands this is used to buy nature areas. Nobody in this House today has said that we should take action to hurt the Chinese
totalitarian regime where it will feel the pain most, which is in economic terms. That does of course involve the realisation of the single market for services, including financial services. Secondly, it
can wholeheartedly adopt the rapporteur's proposal to designate 1999 as European Year Against Violence Against Women. Paedophilia can also be an illness, so much so that again in paragraph 2, mention is
made of psychiatric hospital for those who need treatment. To date we have had minimal resources. Then we have phenomena like the Golden Arc or the Sunbelt on the one hand and the peripheral areas on the
other, a scenario which calls for a regional policy to counteract this magnetism and prevent mass migration from the periphery to the main population centres. Although consular affairs are within the remit
of the Member States, I ask myself in all honesty whether the EU can allow the fundamental rights of its citizens to be flouted to this extent. This is ridiculous: farmers should be allowed to get on and
farm and produce the necessary food that is required for an ever-increasing population. As is well-known, it is easier to fight for one’s principles than to live up to them. Indeed, it will probably take
time, but the Union must make it very clear and must work towards that end. At the time, the number of women reported to have been forced into prostitution was between 40 000 and 60 000. Given the threats
posed by unlimited access to all these technologies and data, special attention needs to be paid to children and young people. Thirdly, the electorate must have the certainty that Parliament itself can
take initiatives, and takes the final decisions on legislation, budget and coalition forming by simple majority. As I said in the introduction, there are now EUR 25 million on the way as an extra input
into this area, and this sum has been taken from a variety of resources. Not only did Chile and the European Union agree to liberalise gradually over 97% of our bilateral trade in goods, but we also agreed
on a whole set of rules to facilitate trade, on the establishment of a free trade area in services, on the liberalisation of investment and on the reciprocal opening of government procurement markets. The
common approach also encompasses this. In this we need to make the most of the ISPA financial instrument and derive from it the means to solve environmental problems as far as possible while negotiations
for membership are still going on, so that the transition periods involved can be as short as possible. What we also need, though, is for the institutions, under the circumstances under which we have to
work, to reduce their speaking times somewhat, and this we ask them to do. on behalf of the IND/DEM Group. - (DA) Mr President, the debate we are currently holding is surreal. Member of the Commission. -
(FR) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to begin by thanking the Council for having responded so fully to the interventions, and would add that I endorse the points that have been raised. The
Commission' s proposal encompasses both the transportation and the placing on the market of sheep and goats and a Community regulation to fight scrapie. We shall also be supporting this report, since it
is moving - albeit slowly - in the right direction, so as to eliminate the present legal uncertainty and the actual lack of safety in all EU waters. Aid needs to reach its appropriate destination. The more
guarantees and the more safeguards we create on such an important issue, the better things will be, because Parliament, following the Treaty of Lisbon, will be responsible for voting on it. In reply to
the question asked, I wish to emphasise that the directive on nitrates only covers zones which are sensitive to nitrates, while the directive on groundwater will apply to the whole of Europe. I only wish
to add how much the entire Commission appreciates the European Parliament's tireless advocacy on behalf of a strong and effective International Criminal Court. Therefore, this obligation to public health
does not allow any relaxation of rigour in terms of implementing the precautionary principle and the principle of zero tolerance, respecting the ban on feeding animals with animal meal, and the destruction
of existing stocks of such meal. Now, the consumer acquis already sets out a number of obligations for cross-border service providers. I just wanted to verify that point. Whilst we know that protectionism
is in fact a mistake, we also know that uncontrolled liberalisation of international trade inevitably leads to very serious disasters from an economic and social point of view. Only those who have no idea
of the huge costs involved in researching new drugs could be in favour of granting earlier licences for generics. They also need a road network, refrigerated transport, sufficient medical staff, and suchlike. Only
in this way will free and fair economic competition be made possible on the internal market. There is still a particular need for progress in the struggle against the informal economy and corruption. President-in-Office
of the Council. - (FR) In reply to Mr Allister let me say that I do indeed believe that food security must be a prime objective of our review of the common agricultural policy. For this action, the Union
has taken on a considerable responsibility and it will have a tough job to avoid dashing the hopes of our neighbours. There was a very impressive display of rhetoric, chiefly indicative of impotence on
a massive and growing scale. In conclusion, I would like to say something about the men - and it is the men that I address. I am thinking of the recent decision to reclassify breast implants as class 3 medical
devices. What you are initiating, Mr Špidla, is good, and we welcome it. Specifically, with regard to the agreement with Jordan, even though we acknowledge and regret the fact that the agreement is not yet
in force, previous experience has shown that these agreements take around three years to be ratified. In fact, Spain provides a good model because it has successfully achieved the highest number of donors
in the European Union. That is not at all a good thing. (NL) Madam President, we are well aware that we are always running behind society somewhat. Although there are grounds for disappointment in view of
the expectations raised by the launching of the Barcelona Process in November 1995 - and I am perhaps one of the few people here to have been present at that launch, at the signing of that agreement -
this is largely attributable to the political circumstances in the Middle East, which were favourable in November 1995 but which have deteriorated considerably since then with the impasse that has arisen
in the peace process. There is no ethical consensus on this issue in Europe. One would have to agree that the confidence of depositors in Northern Rock has been shattered, and that there is a knock-on effect. It
is an accurate account of the current situation and a useful guideline to the tasks of the candidate country. Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, allow me to begin by congratulating my colleague Riitta
Myller on a truly outstanding report. After 1 May 2004, the European Union will have 25 Member States and a human potential of 450 million inhabitants. The Commission is closely following these investigations
and will, after these investigations are finished, make its mind up and will follow up on the developments and take the next decisions. (DE) Mr President, Commissioner, I should like to pick up on a subject
that several Members have addressed. However, we should be careful. In particular, my Group supports the move not to set recovery targets based on an arbitrary number of grams – 160 grams for every country. I
am also very grateful to Mr Tomlinson for once again pulling the communication cord with regard to the European Investment Bank, because slowly but surely we are heading towards a nasty shock as a result
of these loans that we are giving to Russia. That is why I support this proposal, which has been adopted by the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and endorsed on two occasions by the European Commission. Some
progress has been possible through recent assessment missions by outside experts and donors. In addition, this proposal introduces a system of emergency payments and extends the possibilities of legal recourse. Cows
must regularly be led to pasture again and geese must from now on be spared torture for the sake of their tastefully prepared livers. Several other Community programmes encourage exchanges of experience
and support specific projects in the fields of employment, education, vocational training and research within the EU and in a number of third countries. In particular, this requires reform and modernisation
of education and training which must be of benefit to everyone, without discrimination based on social environment or on the individual, and which must take technological and IT developments into account,
and a ferocious fight against all forms of unemployment and job insecurity. The establishment of civil society watchdogs in developing countries must be seriously looked at and I call on the Commission
to give the appropriate percentage of budget aid for such watchdogs. We must do our best to slow down this process if not to halt it. But it happens under central bank supervision, and at least there was
no turmoil whatsoever on the Latvian financial markets. That is one aspect, and the second is this: although it may be true that as a European Parliament we could have wished for a broader agenda, it is
more important to make substantial progress in the points that are on the agenda now. (NL) Mr President, during the debates on the Spring Summit in recent years, we urged the Member States to work on the
Lisbon process. The European Commission proposed on 24 September 2010 a decision of the European Parliament and of the Council on the mobilisation of the Solidarity Fund, which is based on the provisions
of point 26 of the interinstitutional agreement of 17 May 2006. Often, when a self-employed driver purchases a vehicle, he is bound to pay for it in somewhat burdensome instalments. Everything, however,
now rests on the policy and on Europe’s ability to make itself heard and respected. I believe that with such a lack of determination we are surely not going to succeed in implementing this directive and
even less in getting the environmental protection results we want. Outpatient treatment now presents no problems for the citizens of the EU and inpatient treatment has become much simpler. I am aware that
there is clear opposition to this method within the Council of Ministers. We are facing an enormous challenge in terms of waste management. These are as follows. The rapporteur also mentions, as an unresolved
issue, the continued state presence, in certain cases, in the ownership of national airlines. It is in this area that we must improve the way we operate. The issue of the legal and economic uncertainty involved
in the application of the Habitats Directive to European waters arises again, however, in connection with the Commission’s new bans on trawling in various sectors around the Azores, Madeira and the Canary
Islands. My second point is that the representative of the Council said that Cathy Ashton would take up both the office of High Representative and the office of Vice-President of the Commission on 1 December
2009. The unsuccessful application of the ne bis in idem principle, which features in the Convention implementing the Schengen Agreement, violates fundamental rights and runs counter to the EU's objective
to create a common space of freedom, security and justice. Everyone made concessions. This distinction was important, because we support the Commission in its desire to extend the licensing system to the
more informal providers of payment services that operate in grey areas and thus to bring them to the surface in order to obtain as much knowledge as possible, thereby avoiding unnecessary bureaucracy and
ensuring that no undue restriction of civil rights occurs. We have devised a strategy for all of this: the Europe 2020 strategy. It called on national and regional policy-makers, business organisations,
advisors, academics and think-tanks to provide their own opinions and suggestions in a subsequent consultation. It is also right and proper, ladies and gentlemen, that we should emphasize the fact that
the most important contribution has come from European citizens and from non-governmental organizations. They have survived the past in an extraordinary fashion and remained civilised and perennially charming. I
think this will promote presentation between the various administrations. In fact, you will be at the helm of a Europe which needs a policy centred on the balance between national and supranational authorities,
capable of intervening effectively in multilateral fora and in distant locations within an enlarged Europe. If we look at business and trade relations, then my report essentially contains one key idea. The
Union has succeeded in putting the highest ideals into practice: peace, on which we have founded our Union; democracy, which we defend through all our policies; greater opportunities for economic prosperity
and solidarity towards the least-favoured regions and groups. Therefore, we are very far from that control, and for those reasons, we are not going to vote in favour tomorrow. It is particularly in view
of my Turkish origin that I should like to act as a voice for these people. Madam President, it might be appropriate at this point to remind the House of our earlier intervention at the Kyoto Conference,
when we stated that ecological and citizens' groups in general were asking for a reduction of over 20 % in the year 2010, in relation to 1990 levels. There is no need for me to emphasize how difficult and
complex German reunification was in its entirety. Mr Melkert reported on these discussions to his colleagues during the Council of 27 June and underlined the usefulness of such contacts. It is fifteen years
since this Parliament undertook a detailed study on the position of women in Europe and a lot has happened since then. First, the social and human costs of the current level of pollution; second, the objectives
to be set; third, the methodology for achieving them; fourth, the deadlines for achieving them; and, fifth, the economic cost to the consumer and industry, and ultimately to society. There is still time
in the weeks to come for you to prepare these Community acts for economic governance and convergence and to table them at the Council and the European Parliament. Furthermore, it is advisable to raise the
maritime safety level through stricter legislation on the control of goods stowage operations and the prevention of the illegal stowage of harmful toxic goods on ships. So many Heads of Government, Heads
of State or Members of this House are enormously eloquent in underlining the EU’s shortcomings, but never mention what it does right. So far, so good, but I see it as counterproductive if more stringent
emission limit values were to oblige the internal waterways sector, most of the operators in which are, of course, small and medium-sized enterprises, to pay out a great deal of money that they cannot
afford for refits, and so we have to work towards incentives, provided not only by the Commission but also by the Member States, for a more rapid introduction of environmentally-friendly engines on ships. Therefore,
within this new framework, and with a stronger, more concrete focus, social partners would play a more effective role, and regional and local authorities would understand their role more easily and could
participate more effectively. It can become a reality if all 27 Member States also ratify it, as has been repeatedly stated here. Those who are reluctant to acknowledge the situation perhaps have unfinished
business with the minorities in their own country. Mr President, before we vote on the resolution as a whole, could you please confirm that the President of Parliament has ruled that the words 'and accompanying
explanatory statement' in paragraph 5 may be deleted? And 22% of Polish children with at least one working parent are threatened by poverty. We, however, have a message to give to him. I think the response
to Mrs Diez's comments shows that this House absolutely condemns all terrorist attacks and expresses its solidarity with the three victims mentioned. I should like to thank those people who helped me to
draw up this report, which will hopefully be adopted without the amendments contained in certain proposals tabled by members of the Group of the European People’s Party (Christian Democrats) and European
Democrats and by the liberals. (HU) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, please allow me first to speak on something other than the topic at hand. What is information about the ‘European idea’? This
is not on! It is absolutely right, as Mr Wijkman, as far as I remember, said, that there are too many fossil fuels in the world, in other words, market forces are not sufficient to limit their use. Four
decades later it is out of date and needs to be replaced. The annual growth of Finland's forests is now greater than ever before: more than 80 million cubic metres. Finally, there will be a very great need,
once this war is over, for the healing of wounds. No matter how small it may be, it is certainly one that works extremely hard. Similar problems are raised by Amendments Nos 55 and 56 on the precautionary
principle. The national budgetary frameworks should include the establishment and strengthening of the role of independent fiscal bodies and ensure the publication of transparent fiscal statistics. On the
administrative side, this phasing-in is also reflected in the request for 700 new posts. In his report, Mr Susta makes a number of very pertinent remarks on the practicability of compulsory licensing. The
situation of the world coffee market, therefore, is not a secondary, minor issue. This shows where a development can lead with political support, and it is surely one that we all welcome. Mr President, I
will make a few general remarks followed by replies to specific questions. In recent weeks the Israeli foreign minister and the Palestinian leader have visited Parliament. I agree in principle with most
of the proposals in the Green Paper. The new procedure is also likely to cover problems in implementing Directive 83/183, which deals with the tax exemptions granted when people move house. The statement
I made and Paul Lannoye's too were correct as regards the system applying today. It is not clear to me that this will make us more secure and safe from crime. We realise, in this respect, that there are
still some considerable gaps to be bridged between the institutions but, at the end of the day, we will have to find a compromise in the interests of the EU and of its investors. Currently, the procedure
is aimed at modifying the non-implemented part of the project in the autonomous community of Castille and Leon. In the light of the flood of refugees from the overpopulated regions of the world, most of
whom are motivated by economic considerations, who are importing the problems and conflicts of areas all over the world into Europe and who are not required to cooperate in the process, we must oppose
unequivocally the introduction of stricter unilateral standards of protection which will attract asylum seekers and economic migrants like a magnet and only exacerbate the problem. The strict remit of our
ECON Committee is to assess the capabilities and competences of the nominated candidates and we do not have much to say in this debate, because the candidate meets the criteria and performed well in the
hearing that we had with him. We also believe that more scientific research is needed into the causes and appropriate treatment of diseases such as anorexia and bulimia which, unfortunately, are currently
having devastating effects on the health of adolescents. It is taxpayers' money which funds EU agriculture to such excessive amounts - it is high time that their interests were taken properly into account. Secondly,
I think that we are dealing with social matters here, and I will soon be raising the issue of whether we should really be dealing with this via the RETT or the EMPL. Unfortunately, these actions have not
been successful in the way that was intended. Parliament should also play a guard dog role when it comes to the strength of the euro. The vote will take place on Tuesday 19 June 2007. As far as Côte d'Ivoire
is concerned, we have reached a key point in respect of further progress. I recognise that under the Danish presidency significant progress was made, not only as far as the Seville conclusions are concerned,
but in particular on the development of the common asylum policy. I followed the process of allocating this report in the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Security and Defence Policy very closely. All
parties concerned must contribute to this process and the Commission stands ready to assist in every possible way. Since the World Food Summit in 1996, the number of starving people in the world has fallen,
but unfortunately by nowhere near the extent necessary. Consequently we call on the relevant authorities in the USA to order that Troy Davis be retried and, if found guilty again, that his death sentence
be commuted to life imprisonment. Much of our energy is destined for this specific sector in particular. The key tool for putting this into practice is the action plan. As you are aware, the Transport Council
reached a broad understanding on the proposal in December 2004, and I am delighted that Parliament has made such a positive contribution on this matter. The target is 20% of alternative fuels, in general,
which covers a much broader scope and, in this regard, I can accept all the amendments which take this approach. Mr President, the Commission has just - and when I say 'just' , I mean only ten minutes ago
- approved the proposal for a generalised system of preferences for 2002-2004 and has also decided to refer this to Parliament. The nervousness has spread. It is also right to state that citizens are entitled
to communicate with the European institutions in all the official languages of the Union. I would like to quote a Hungarian mother: ‘Fear is there in the very soul of the children – their youth is poisoned’. Some
people felt they were entitled to express their grave concerns following the adoption of the reformed pact. With regard to the national parliaments, it is, in accordance with the latter's own rules, the
Member States' task to inform or consult them. Having said that, it always comes back to the question of whether the glass is half full or half empty: as it happens, Mr Nassauer sees the glass as half empty
and Mrs Junker sees it as half full. Mr President, Commissioner, unfortunately, you have not had the opportunity yet - and I am pleased to give you this opportunity now - to reply to my earlier questions
about the 500 new positions, the lack of manpower to monitor compliance with environmental legislation and also to the question of whether candidate countries should get the bureaucratic red-tape underway
as early as 2003 to apply for Structural Funds so as to guarantee the highest possible level of implementation in 2004. That is why we are calling for Council meetings to be open. Last week the Commission
adopted proposals for an ambitious programme for increased security and more efficient justice for Europe’s citizens in a way that respects and protects their rights. The Commission believes that approving
harmonised rules will help stop certain Member States from being more attractive than others and it has already tabled proposals along these lines. I respect the positions of Ms Kaufmann and Ms Ždanoka. However,
the task should not be underestimated. Almost 50 years have passed since the day when the founding fathers of Europe set off on the great journey leading to a united Europe. One of the things that is very
important when we look at GSP and GSP+ is that, during the negotiations on the economic partnership agreements, there were many individual states in the proposed regions that were against signing a deal
with the EU. I therefore hope that the Commission and the Board will be very keen to ensure that concrete measures are taken by the Member States, large or small. Accordingly, we are bound to express our
opposition to those who perpetrate such evils. I say this because I know the people there and because I also know their politicians, and so I do think that, rather than beat about the bush, we should actually
say out loud that, last year, elections were held. Still, every Presidency brings its own accents and the start is always an occasion to refocus the attention of the population on the importance of the
European Union, on the importance of European ideals. Moreover, we are currently experiencing a situation whereby the national demands for military aircraft are falling and national defence spending is
being restricted. Operator number portability and carrier pre-selection The first signs are not promising: some of Chancellor Schröder's pronouncements, the coolness of one of your ministers towards the
euro, the call for a cut in your country's contributions, and the threat to reduce resources for the southern Mediterranean countries. With its Youth on the Move initiative, the EU 2020 strategy has given
young people a key role, with the aim of meeting the five main targets by 2020: employment, research and innovation, climate and energy, education and reduction of poverty. It is a pity, but that is the
way it is. For too long we have sung the praises of that country as an example of democracy, forgetting the social inequalities and the corruption that was rife throughout the country: 16 billion dollars
in aid have been received by that country since independence and there have been just four presidents. It will allow stocks of bluefin tuna to recover and trade to resume. Mr President, the aftermath of
the loss of the Prestige is frightening. A good example of this is the 'buffer zones', which undoubtedly have an important part to play in the protection of watercourses. We liberal democrats definitely
prefer recourse to this kind of measure, rather than agreeing on humanitarian aid which is incapable of giving the country a genuine boost. It was Shiri who, with assistance from Communist North Korea,
systematically massacred innocent civilians in the early 1980s in Matabeleland. The European Parliament must be aware that the Codex Alimentarius, which dictates the composition of chocolate internationally,
stipulates that it is made from cocoa butter. I would therefore like to use my few seconds to point out that this is perhaps the first tangible proof of what will happen in our agriculture when the climate
changes dramatically. We propose to you a five-year programme in which Europe’s development of the Lisbon strategy is placed within a time frame as specific as the one devised when we duly created the internal
market in 1992. I am pleased that the Commissioner emphasised that the EU must insist as far as possible on a more coherent implementation of the energy objectives by all Member States. This would make sense
especially if employees, and not only top-level management, are to be given stock purchase rights. (IT) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to ask my fellow MEP who spoke just now if it
can really be considered appropriate to apply the terms 'freeloaders' and 'fortune seekers' to people who are fleeing from a situation of great political distress - and all the political groups agree on
this - such as the one in North Africa. Now let us not forget that the current topic is the conclusion and strengthening of the Geneva Agreement on Trade in Bananas, and the European Parliament and the
Council will still have the opportunity to discuss whether they intend to support additional free trade conventions with Andean countries and Central America later, when, of course, the Commission submits
its relevant proposal. I will therefore present Mr Hernández Mollar' s intervention. The second point is that there are numerous questions, references and issues which refer back to committees, but if you
read the text and the texts it refers to, such as the resolutions of the ?cofin Council, you will see that many of the issues raised are answered. We support the d'Ancona report because it emphasizes the
fact that the database must not compromise the asylum seeker's legal protection. These fines are intended to change the behaviour of the companies upon which they are imposed. In that case, the radiation
was not confined to the Ukraine, nor was it simply a bilateral problem. The laws remain on the books, and may be used at any time a chance event may cause the American administration to put an end to the
moderate way in which the matter is now handled. If it is particularly important for the labour market to provide mobility for human resources, a single educational and economic area must then provide mobility
for acquiring qualifications. In other words, should we not take the measures that are needed to actually achieve the Cairo objectives? The process of change and the momentum of this process of change will
cause structural adjustment difficulties on both sides. The downside starts with the things I said before we had the conciliation, during the conciliation and now after Council has voted and produced its
draft budget. The aim of the Schuman Plan was to merge markets, modernise and expand the production of coal and steel, as well as improve and establish equal living standards for workers in these industrial
sectors. I am pleased that this amendment was approved by 358 votes in favour. (DE) Mr President, in this context, as always, I would like to point out that we here in Europe actually only recognise individual
liability and reject blanket suspicion on principle. We should not forget that we are also celebrating one hundred years since Marie Curie won the Nobel Prize. The European Commission very recently published
some additional results of research into Member State investments in this area. It is historic, being the first criminal justice measure negotiated under codecision and the first EU fair trial law. I have
come across some amazingly talented, committed and hard-working people, but for every one of them there are two who just appear to float. It also causes major financial damage and great suffering. At the
hearing, it was also observed that the area of forest in the EU and the capacity of its forestry industry had doubled when the new Member States joined the Union. If the Constitutional Treaty failed, it
would create whole new political scenarios in the European Union, which could even have a disintegrating effect within the Union. That is very much to be welcomed. But let me make one thing clear: if the
report is adopted tomorrow, this does not mean free passage for the reading which we shall have to hold in September or October. Consequently, I would rather vote against paragraph 33 and vote on the amendment. Let
us now return to the specific character of organic production. Transport has a multifunctional nature, with direct influences on economic, social and territorial matters. The interim agreement may be able
to strengthen European cooperation in achieving the objectives. What is behind this U-turn? First of all I should like to point out the maintenance of duty free sales in intra-Community passenger traffic
is contradiction with the existence of an internal market without borders. I do not therefore oppose this amendment, but I feel that it cannot preclude the vote on the subsequent amendments of the Group
of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats, which establish that only the law of one of the 27 countries of the Union may be chosen. The reason for such a step on our part
is very simple. One of the issues, and we all know of many examples, is that some NGOs cannot, for one reason or another, be supported under this initiative. The basic structure of Community policy on the
environment is and has always been legislative provisions, which in only a few specific cases may be combined with voluntary agreements. Our problem is how to do it because there are no amendments to scrap
the line. Lack of transparency is detrimental to market efficiency and has helped exacerbate the financial crisis. Instead, we are attempting to strike a balance between the need for investigation – the
need to identify the perpetrators of crimes, especially terrorists and members of organised criminal gangs – and the protection of individual rights and freedoms. I will not do so, however, without saying
with great feeling that I am not unmoved by the fact that the person who chaired this debate enjoyed the right of asylum because of the generosity and hospitality of the governments and people of France,
Austria and Belgium, to whom I would like to pay a tribute of thanks here today, because there is no time limitation on gratitude, even though this happened more than 40 years ago. New technologies in tomorrow's
education in writing. - (SV) We Swedish Social Democrats voted for the report since it is important to remove the current obstacles to the collection of maintenance contributions from a citizen with residence
in a Member State other than that of the person entitled to maintenance. We believe that simply reducing national debt, as many countries are beginning to do, with the encouragement of the European Union
and its joint resolutions, is not sufficient on its own and that these countries are being pushed to the limits of what is acceptable. That is what partners do. I cannot tell you, we cannot tell you, who
the fortieth signatory is on that list. A clear commitment to professional training and lifelong learning will contribute much to the success of the 'New Skills for New Jobs' initiative, as will the development
of transversal key skills such as digital competence, the ability to learn, social, civic, sporting and artistic competences, a sense of entrepreneurship and cultural awareness. I would have preferred -
but everything will depend on what the Commission says regarding this - to see if, along with Mr Katiforis, we could not agree on three years, or something nearer to this. in writing. - (RO) The dramatic
reduction in the bee population and, by implication, in pollenisation is jeopardising the production of fruit, vegetables and crops in the European Union. Third-country nationals The 3 % figure approved
by the Agriculture Committee, which the European Parliament intends to propose, is much more realistic, although in my opinion it is still rather unambitious.-Secondly, the vineyard restructuring scheme
excludes older vines, which is unacceptable given the high average age of European vines. As the rapporteur has just said, it is one of the Community's most important support programmes, being the only
one open to all young people without reference to their working or educational situation. How much larger – two per cent, four per cent? In addition, the Commission has also guaranteed that future changes
will only be made to individual products and other products will not be arbitrarily changed at the same time. If we consider that the ASEM states are responsible for over half of the world's gross domestic
product, the burden of responsibility carried by this meeting in London becomes quite clear. It is as serious as that. It is a sign of major concern about this issue, but we have to admit, of ineffectiveness
as well. It is a sad state of affairs when those aged 45 are not considered for employment. I am convinced that such links can make a decisive contribution to achieving the goals that are currently being
set, particularly those relating to territorial cohesion. I share Mr Perry's view completely, that it is incumbent upon us to keep a close check on the existing plants, and when suspicion arises that there
is something wrong it is our duty, of course, to get it inspected as carefully as we can. This is something I have made clear from the very outset and I would like you to understand that. I agree, moreover,
with the rapporteur both on the focus on disabled people – ensuring better access to deposited works – and on the need to preserve all cinematographic works, and therefore not just those benefiting from
public funding, as laid down in the Commission proposal: all of these works have contributed to the history of European cinema, giving an insight into the various trends and influences of different periods. President
of the Commission. - Mr President, Prime Minister, Members of Parliament, my first word goes to the Slovenian Presidency. But I will be pleased to go along with your proposal. Safeguarding the social and
human element of EU decision making is paramount. This is disguised language for a further militarisation of foreign policy. Next, because, at the insistence of the Socialist/ecologist/Communist government
of my country, to my great shame, the regulation itself scandalously omits the filing of the fingerprints of illegal immigrants monitored on the territory of the Union. Hence, here, as elsewhere, the role
of our institutions is to maintain a simple substitute role, wishing to be the manager of all, whereas we ought to be the guarantors of little. He is the driving force and is largely responsible for the
results and beneficial effects achieved by this new institution of the European Ombudsman. Our business rules for cooperation with Togo are in article 5 of the Lomé Convention. It is the Council which forms
a barrier within the Union. Company decisions are therefore only really thought out if employees' points of view are considered. This may be suitable in the case of divorce by mutual consent, but knowing
how things often are in practice, I am afraid that this will resolve few legal disputes. We have a vast European heritage of culture and communications which must be fully exploited, and for this more funding
will certainly be necessary, but this purpose could also be served by opportunities for discussion, such as the Forum proposed by the rapporteur: this would be an opportunity for discussion aimed at the
creation of a future audiovisual policy which would take advantage of the infinite number of openings provided by the newest technology and use them to further progress towards the goal of producing increasingly
high quality products. They must not then hide behind the environmental question to justify the closures which they had - unfortunately - planned, whatever we decide today. The Commission is willing to show
some flexibility. For ourselves as Christian Democrats, it is extremely important that an employment strategy and a strategy for social welfare in Europe should combine fixed, stable values, built upon
the ethical and moral basis that is European cultural history, with a social, market-oriented economy. When, as is to be hoped, the Commission's draft takes a positive lead from the Committee for directive
90/220/EEC, in the future applicants will have to attach to their applications details of the proposed labelling which will include the technology used to make the product. The Århus agreement is an important
part of viable democracy. Financing through the provision of capital will make it possible through Tacis to promote industrial cooperation between small and medium-sized businesses in the EU and their counterparts
in the NIS. I will admit that I would be delighted if the Member States were to rigorously implement even half of the report’s proposals, as this would obviate the need for us to discuss a great many issues. The
Commission is very pleased to see that the European Parliament itself is committed to applying EMAS and urges the other European institutions to do the same. In the final analysis, Mr&#160;Verhofstadt,
I think you have shown the way forward in saying that we should look for ‘and/and’, rather than ‘either/or’ solutions. The Green Paper lacks a human and personal dimension. More than ever before, it is essential
to concentrate our collective energies and determination on what is really needed to make Europe stronger and more cohesive. Madam President, in preparing the discharge to be given to the Commission in
respect of the 1996 financial year, we had a pleasing new experience. A population-friendly environment depends on the possibility of women being willing to bring up their children over a relatively long
period of time. We even want to pay taxes, to some extent, so that people can have a minimum of state support. I am thinking of the case of the investigations that followed the real natural disaster caused
by the accident involving the Prestige oil tanker and of many others that unfortunately continue to occur. So our initial outlook is clearly positive. These people have endured several months of uncertainty
leading to a plan which calls for State aid and sacrifices by the workers. If that had been the case, some continental countries, led by Germany, would have implemented EU legislation which would have had
devastating consequences for employment and growth in Europe and would have been well nigh impossible to change. These proposals would result in confusion and legal uncertainty. Even now, the Commission
has been forced to propose a radical reduction in aid to Kosovo, for example, and this present us with a big challenge. In addition to the major social and economic impact, we need more than ever to highlight
the overarching factor of securing peace throughout Europe. The civil war in Nepal has already claimed over 12&#160;000&#160;victims, and the political situation is Byzantine in its complexity, although
the information blackout means that we are not familiar with all the details. In all probability, Kosovo will declare its independence within two months, and it is still difficult to assess the consequences
of this beyond the Western Balkan region. As a result, the proposed directive is vague and weak from the point of view of social protection of workers and non-committal in terms of guaranteeing uniform
safety standards. Furthermore, the five Consumer Markets Scoreboard indicators identified by the resolution - although not exhaustive - will certainly allow people to obtain useful information for improving,
if necessary, the reference regulatory framework, provided that the information provided by Member States is comprehensive and can be compiled on an easily comparable basis. State aid distorts competition. However,
I also voted in favour of the final directive, even though these amendments were not approved. By 2008, the Agreement on textiles and clothing between the EU and China and all other surveillance systems
for imports of textiles and clothing from China had also ended. Within the framework of the Euro-Mediterranean association agreements, trade disputes that may arise between two parties, the European Union
on the one hand, and Jordan on the other, are still settled through diplomatic channels. Mr Blak's report makes this very clear. This, as you have rightly emphasized, is a vast question, which covers company
start-ups, venture capital, transeuropean capital markets for high-growth companies, stock options, equity finance, etc. But it is right for us as a Parliament to put this demand on the bargaining table
again. I would also like to express my solidarity with Mr&#160;Frattini, who has been attacked by Mr&#160;Catania: any possible personal liability cannot involve the Institutions. The absence of a timely
decision would imply a legal gap in EU legislation. The Council has just decided to continue with its policy to take up the subject of the death penalty in a multilateral forum, and it decided for the first
time to propose a draft resolution on capital punishment during the 54th session of the UN General Assembly. Parliament’s position offers a cohesive overview of the set of problems in this field, of which
there are many. It succinctly, but one might also say pointedly, describes the current situation of the race for the Arctic. It is about time that the message sank in that feeble political will is not the
answer to this crisis and makes solutions more expensive. It is only through political integration that decision-making can be effective, that our system of values can be placed on firm foundations and
that Europe can speak with one voice. Some countries such as Finland and Greece have more trade with Russia than the Community average. The deadly combination of too little action on the Palestinian side
and what has perhaps been too much action on the Israeli side, has quite successfully destroyed most of the authority that the Palestinian Authority might otherwise have had. They believe that current changes
are within the normal historic range, and that predictions of future warming are exaggerated and alarmist. We will continue to follow up closely the developments of this case. These are the key elements
of the resolution on the table. Mr President, thank you for all the interesting contributions and comments on my report from the G7 meeting. They all have, furthermore, what is known as the 'national indicative
programme' agreed on with the European Commission to steer cooperation funds towards those sectors in greatest need, for their economic and social development. These are national referendums and they should
be allowed to be so. So are corruption, manipulation of the media and political appointments. EU assistance for this university should therefore not only be maintained, but increased. Let us act together. (DE)
Tax issues are by their nature very thorny, something attributable, as much as to anything else, to the great differences between one country's system and another's; for example, the Scandinavian states,
in particular, use high levels of excise duty to fund their extremely generous social security systems. The extensive analytical work in the CTE has brought a much clearer understanding of the great complexities
of the relationship between trade policy and environmental policy and that is important. It is important for them to have common safety requirements so that the regulations are clear. In 1995 the Commission
assessed the impact of introducing such a proposal to the agricultural sector and stated that 'it would not adversely affect the agricultural sector' . It was also clear to us that the 'bonus culture' could
not continue in the way in which people had become used to. Furthermore, they need greater cooperation from us in order to remedy their backwardness in the fields of institutional democratic development,
economic and social growth and so forth. Mr President, I was born in the country of Côte d'Or, of Leonidas and of Ferrero which, as is not apparent from their names, are of Belgian origin, a country of
truly great chocolate. The issue of human rights is an important point in the political dialogue with Iran. After all, we are dealing here with a project that was put together somewhat hastily. To the extent
that we have authority over the use of funds, we include the challenge of relocation. Mr President, foreign policy is no business of the EU. Galileo is still in pole position globally. That is why territorial
cohesion calls for the continuation of structural policies and this itself calls for a stepping up, rather than a closing down, of structural policies. All Member States must have a voice in defining the
future task forces but it is also important that the priorities already defined in the 4th Programme should continue to be taken into account. The common position with which we are now being presented is
far better, for an actual limit value is being introduced for the first time. (RO) In general, rail transport is safer, faster and causes less pollution than road transport. You rightly said so, Mr&#160;Tuomioja. Returning
appropriations to the Member States because they have not been able to spend them means squandering the added value of spending on Community policies which have been approved in order to contribute to
growth and employment in the Union. The most sensitive part of the report – it has already been underlined, but I should like to reiterate it – concerns the higher levels of cover laid down by the Member
States. Furthermore, by the end of the year, the European Commission will have to submit proposals for economic instruments which may contribute to reducing sulphur dioxide emissions. Also when we talk about
the major, difficult issue of immigration, Europe cannot fail to hear the cry of pain uttered by millions and millions of Africans. In the EU over one billion people went to the cinema in 2004, yet American
films dominate the industry, holding 71% of the market. The Babeş-Bolyai University in Cluj-Napoca is an outstanding example of the promotion of multilingualism. Help which seems to me all the more legitimate,
Mr President, bearing in mind that this is not an industry where large multinationals are active. We are no longer talking about isolated cases. Constant competitiveness in the industry has led to a wider
choice and cheaper flights. Bearing in mind the profession's accident rate and its difficulties in attracting new members, I feel that these timescales are too long. Restructuring is not a phenomenon that
affects any Member State in particular. Mr Schlyter, your question is an interesting one, I must say, because, as you most probably know, these anti-dumping cases are introduced by companies. And the other
point, ladies and gentlemen - and this affects me a little more closely - is that this week the Spanish Head of State, King Juan Carlos, paid us a visit. In the years to come, modern agriculture will have
an additional challenge to face: respect for man and for the environment. &#160;&#160; – Mr President, I would like to start by expressing my heartfelt gratitude to President Prodi for coming to the Committee
on Budgetary Control this morning. Where possible and appropriate, this has been done in writing, for instance the MES assessment has been transmitted to the Committee on International Trade. Over the last
few years, we have received a number of letters from Member States supporting GI 2000 and requesting the Commission to take a pan-European initiative. Those countries which have received financial assistance
certainly have many social problems, and we can discuss what type of social conditionality could be included in these financial assistance agreements. She, above everyone, knows the heartache that this
disaster has caused and I pay tribute to her tireless efforts on behalf of the people of Galicia. It would be irresponsible of the international community, in the shadow of the war in Iraq and of the tragic
difficulties there, to backtrack on its commitment to Afghanistan and weaken its solidarity with its people. As for higher education, it should be recognised that this is a fundamental sector in developed
societies, which is why lack of success at school and early school leaving must be prevented, as is the case in Portugal where unfortunately around 40% of pupils never even finish their secondary education. In
conclusion, I should like to thank all my colleagues for their serious work and commitment on this report, whether we agreed or not. Especially if, in the context of enlargement, we can undertake a revision
of the financial perspective, to provide the European Union with additional resources above 1.27 % of GNP. As she approached him she was attacked by one of Antonio di Pietro's bodyguards and knocked to
the floor. The European Parliament's response and that of the Council to save the euro is that we need improved economic governance, more rules for national governments and enforcement via fines and sanctions. On
the one hand, the countries of the so-called old Fifteen are bound to ensure that long-term residents receive the same treatment as their own nationals as regards access to the labour market. I will not
go into those. As far as buildings and ecodesign are concerned, I agree that the focus should be on the renovation of existing buildings, since they offer extremely high energy efficiency potential, if
renovated properly. Others are arguing, for reasons of national prestige, that they should have the same number of seats as another particular Member State. I would like to focus on the economic, social
and political future of Kaliningrad. Of course we welcome the framework agreement to look at the BSE crisis, but I want to remind the Council of the firm determination of this House and of my group for
real action to protect the health and safety of European consumers as the paramount issue in the BSE crisis. Muslims must give up the chadar in schools, just as Europeans must remove their shoes and cover
themselves when they enter a mosque. In its judgments, the Court has stated, time and again, that Member States have the right to introduce clear rules, so that we can truly verify whether or not citizens
are protected against crime, and that Member States are not under any obligation to open this market up. in writing. - (SV) I do not want an internal market for weapons. Diverging wage and cost trends, the
accumulation of a sustainable external debt position and the protracted mythical allocation of resources raised the stake for adjustment and increased vulnerability of public finances. (RO) Today, we debate
on three important reports for the European Union energy policy, reports that contain references to the energy technology, energy safety and fighting energy poverty as essential factors for achieving the
objectives regarding energy and climate change. Turkey poses a threat to stability in this region and we, seemingly blind to this fact, are engaged in negotiations with that country with a view to it achieving
membership of the European Union. The European Union mechanism for civil protection is a relatively new instrument with limited resources, limited means and competences, but recent experience shows that
it works: it is a real example of European Union added value. What influence have ocean currents and seas in any case? Fifthly, although the imposition of taxes and contributions complies with the 'polluter
pays' principle, there is no effective system at the moment for differentiating tax rates according to the risk posed by each pesticide. I voted for the mobilisation of the European Globalisation Adjustment
Fund (EGF) in favour of Poland. Such a proposal should minimise any negative impact on EU competitiveness, taking into account the potential environmental benefits.' I would like to extend my warm thanks
to everyone involved for this good cooperation. Firstly, about the poverty reduction target, which I think was the initiative of Commissioner Andor; this target was included in the 2020 strategy, and we
welcome that. This makes it perfectly clear how important dialogue is and what we need to do. All right, we now have a proposal on an energy consumption tax, but that is surely a tiny step. Cohesion is not
the Red Cross; it contributes to fairness within the Community. Since the Commission is being asked to take an initiative, I should like to explain the various initiatives already undertaken by it, all
of them complementary with one another. I would like to say to the Council that pushing this legislation through in a hurry is not a judicious way of going about things and is not, therefore, in keeping
with the ‘better lawmaking’ that we are always talking about. Could the same question not be raised with regard to procedures relating to Community initiatives in favour of SMEs? During a period involving
dramatic drops in temperature, the cooling of the climate was never prevented by the fact that, at that point, the air contained up to 10%, or more, carbon dioxide, in comparison to today. Madam President,
paragraph 5 of the report from the meeting says that policy measures will be presented to correct harmful and persistent macroeconomic imbalances and improve competitiveness, but in the introduction the
talk is of promoting trade with third countries. At the European Council, you need an answer from Chirac and Balkenende about whether this Constitution will ever be ratifiable in their countries and if
not, what kind of text might be. Nevertheless, I would like to point out that we attach great importance to this report, as well as to the contributions made by the Commission to improving the international
panorama, and we are clearly in favour of multilateralism – as I have said previously – although we believe that the situation puts excessive emphasis on anti-terrorist aspects and does not give sufficient
emphasis to better international cooperation aimed at eliminating the causes of inequality and injustice, such as the democratic control by the UN of agencies such as the World Trade Organisation, the
International Monetary Fund or the World Bank which, at the end of the day, are the bodies which can create greater justice in the world. Firstly, to avoid a referendum and, secondly, to deny the fact that
a continent-wide superstate was being created. I believe that by negotiating this deadline, we have ensured that all our international partners, chiefly the United States, will implement the rules in accordance
with the amended timetable. Now, it has to be said that this will not be easy because, given our institutional situation, with unanimity, making budgetary innovations is a delicate and difficult matter. My
question addressed precisely this point. It is not enough simply to put a set of standards of this nature in place: they have to be effective. We are very unhappy that it took so long to notify the federal
authorities. It therefore satisfies the requests that the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs had made in this respect. We thus abstained because whereas we agree that Tunisia still has a lot to do
in order to improve its human rights record, we feel that the message we should be sending to this country needs to be constructive, and not in the form of a 'witch hunt'. The result is something we can
be proud of. Mr President, Commissioner, I would like to congratulate Mrs Smet on this own-initiative report, which was so necessary and which she has produced in a very professional way, because she has
a profound knowledge of the problem and has done a lot of work on it. I repeat this not just on account of the disastrous situation in Italy today, but to meet the needs of other Member States. However,
this will not create new barriers to trade since there are international standards that already fully regulate these old instruments and most of the more advanced substitute products as well. This is both
tragic and ridiculous. [Thursday/Brussels part-session]: Unfortunately, we live in an increasingly throw-away society where we produce more and more waste. Then there is the responsibility of the European
Union. At the same time, from my own experience, I think you are somewhat mistaken in making such a generalisation. And so this is ethical warfare. This presidency has set itself the objective of further
reinforcing cooperation in the Schengen states by means of a number of initiatives. (PL) Madam President, I do not wish to repeat what has already been said so I will simply state that as far as we are
concerned there can be no question that aid must be provided. Now it is up to us to express this will by voting in favour of the right amendments, and that means Amendment 10, which we have agreed with
the Commission and representatives of the Council presidency. It does not surprise me at all, and I do not think it surprised honourable Members either, that on the way to this, particularly at a time when
so many things are happening, we find that it does not necessarily work as effectively as you would like, or indeed sometimes as I would like. In my opinion, it goes without saying that the food in question
poses no health hazard whatsoever. We are back with the reform here, Commissioner. I should like to thank everyone who was involved, my fellow members in Parliament, the Commission and the French Presidency
of the Council for bringing it all to a successful conclusion. As the Treaty on European Union makes clear, the continuous improvement of its peoples' living and working conditions, and their well-being
are objectives of the EU and its Member States. You have correctly pointed out that you can receive two telephone calls. In order for this to happen, we need to shake off the fatal spirit of defeatism besieging
us at present and regain the spirit of determination of Lisbon, even if the present, disastrous circumstances for the Union can be summed up in the words of Kipling: 'If you can bear to see your life's
work broken and stoop again, build it again with worn-out tools'. The two-state solution is still the most widely accepted solution. It is more a methodology for introducing a coherent approach to the management
and use of coastal resources with the informed involvement of all the relevant stakeholders. However, as the current enlargement shows, there are no better foundations for the rule of law, democracy, human
and environmental rights than those in the European Union, and not those on its doorstep. In this context, it is important to realise that social cohesion and sustainable development are essential for economic
growth. But having listened closely both to the debate here today, and to the answers we have been given from the Commissioners designate in the Parliamentary Hearings over the past few weeks, I still have
a number of grave concerns and reservations. What we are talking about here is that the Internet would be forced to put facilities in place so that the police can come in through the back door. It is no
longer comprehensible to or tolerable for our own citizens, of whom we are currently asking sacrifices and new taxes to meet the Maastricht criteria, that Europe should not develop the minimum of cohesion
needed to send a humanitarian force to a European country in a process of disintegration within a realistic time scale. It is embarrassing! We must, however, work to maintain our dialogue and to cooperate
in areas of shared interest. The European Union stated at the last Association Council with Israel very recently its desire to set up a formal subcommittee on human rights. Otherwise we will damage the research
work of the European Community. The way to bring down the value of the euro is for the ECB to reduce interest rates. A great deal of progress has been made in this field, however, and rest assured, ladies
and gentlemen, that the Commission is working on this, to ensure that we achieve the recognition of qualifications and that, especially in the field of vocational training, we are able to open up new perspectives
and use new common working methods. I therefore feel that we are beginning to get a fairly clear picture of the problems that remain in each of these negotiations, both from the point of view of the candidate
countries and from that of the European Union itself. That is why there has to be a fair social dialogue, in which consumers and consumer protection organizations have a binding say in the decision processes
regarding general controls to ensure fair competition and the necessary price transparency, the setting-up of various discount schemes for private and business users, investigations into suppliers holding
a dominant position in the market, and also the continuing development of new systems. Today's decision will result in the workers from the enterprise Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG in Baden-Württemberg
who are threatened with redundancy receiving around EUR 8 million in assistance from the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund. This is all about cooperation, not only between Parliament and the Commission,
but especially with the world of sport associations, federations, Member States and stakeholders. I hope that does not mean each of us individually, and I hope that, given the results of the stress tests
and the very strong action of the new government, the shine will come back to Ireland. Although they consider the final target very ambitious, they have all reaffirmed their determination to achieve it. All
this shows that the right pressure for competition and a push for innovation also boosts productivity growth, which is a major benefit for the whole sector. I believe that if we do not offer alternatives
to our young people, not enough dreams, not enough adventure, and not enough certainty, then drugs and drug dealers still have a bright future ahead of them. Obviously, having seen a major operation by
the police and security services in Denmark only a few days ago, we are sure that the danger and threat are real and are hanging over the European Union’s territory. We must show solidarity with future
generations. Presenting new technologies and making improvements to the vessel design are part of this important work. Especially now, with the single currency and the absence of any exchange risk, this
is the only way to rule out predatory fiscal competition. We have constructed an impressive framework of high-level interactions where we regularly address the global challenges that our citizens are facing
without, however, neglecting the issues where our views may differ. Even though, ultimately, the political decision remains ours to take, we still need this support. They are increasingly allying themselves
with the Eurosceptic Tory Party. However, please accept, on the other hand, the fact that the stress test does not include an automatic mechanism for shutting down a power station simply because you have
not been successful with your programmes in your Member States. The most serious is the method for assessing the reliability of flight crews, which is not regulated in the regulation itself, but will be
regulated separately afterwards. The vote will take place at 11 a. m. Normally speaking, I would have left it to the Commission to solve this problem. Firstly, the introduction of a new environmental sheep-maintenance
scheme which would allow sheep farmers to be paid under on a per-ewe basis, in recognition of the positive environmental attributes associated with the maintenance of sheep production, to be co-financed
by national and European Union funding. As a result, I find it very much to be regretted that this figure marks an end to the favourable development recorded over recent financial years, which saw a reduction
in the surplus from EUR&#160;15 billion in 2001 to EUR&#160;7 billion in 2002. However, Minister Amado has already been careful to lower the bar by explaining that the Presidency does not have an ambitious
agenda for the Mafra summit. Do not get us wrong, though. Hizbollah has been bombing Haifa and Natanya for years now. There must be a single website, in one or two languages, with common criteria, on which
all these beneficiaries can be identified and compared. The report by the Committee on Petitions is revelatory and enlightening and, of course, it is clear that I totally agree with the proposal to establish
a code of best practices, because this will result in our defining uniform methods of treatment and rehabilitation activities. - (CS) Madam President, we are discussing an apparently routine matter, moreover
it is money that has already been spent. – Thank you, Mr&#160;President-in-Office of the Council. That is the idea expressed in paragraph 9 of the report. Are we talking about nuclear families, legitimate
families, extended families, polygamous families, cohabiting families ... I wish only to remind everybody that annually millions of EU citizens volunteer, whether directly or indirectly. We call on the Council
to monitor this matter closely and to take the necessary measures, failing any progress. The remaining items will be held over to the vote tomorrow. The Mediterranean is therefore destined to change rapidly. There
are thousands of cases when people are turned down without any substantive reason, their cases are simply rejected. Four: it is important that we help to provide the means needed so that these technologies
can be easily disseminated, which means cheaper access, special measures such as preferential charges, tax incentives for equipping educational establishments and intervention to reduce telecommunications
prices, especially the cost of accessing the Internet. The catastrophic accident in Japan a few weeks ago makes it clear to those who had not already realised that you do not trifle with nuclear energy:
whenever one has anything to do with the atom, safety criteria must be applied with the utmost rigour, and the Commission must therefore take responsibility for monitoring the progress of the dismantling
programmes of the old power stations in the three ex-communist countries. Moreover research on reducing the radioactivity of waste must continue and resources for such research must be increased. It is far
simpler to operate a decent discard system further north, where fisheries are relatively clean, where you go to fish for mackerel and you catch virtually only mackerel. This must be the starting whistle
for more projects going beyond the World Cup, not only for sports events, but for all big events in general. This, rather than war, should be the starting point. It is particularly serious when the laws
are exploited to oppress people. Subject: Job protection under the proposal for a regulation on the COM in raw tobacco The fact that the Central Bank is both judge and jury reinforces the powers conferred
on it. How will the Commission guarantee in future that these substances will be tested for in the Member States? I believe that the European Parliament would be making a crucial mistake if it were to amend
the concepts and replace 'public provocation to commit a terrorist offence' with 'incitement'. Statistics on religious freedom show that the majority of acts of religious violence have been against Christians
in recent years. We must promote the use of EGNOS and Galileo in civil aviation and thus contribute to establishing the Single European Sky ATM Research programme and facilitating its implementation. The
fact that more money is now going directly to farmers makes it easier to understand exactly what is happening. I will not be lectured to by the Spanish PPE on visiting Cuba when the deputy leader of the
Conservative Party, Michael Ancram, was swanning around Havana last week. Some new Member States whose healthcare systems are less richly endowed could benefit from this. This means promoting policies which
support women. Today, in the EU, they have no obligation whatsoever as regards either research or even mixing in some renewables with what they sell to motorists. In this respect, I would like to ask the
European Commission to make further efforts to cooperate more efficiently with the Ombudsman. We are all in mourning, irrespective of nationality, and our sympathy grows out of this solidarity. (NL) Commissioner
Rehn again said just now that Turkey has a clear perspective for full membership and that no new requirements should be imposed. &#160;&#160; – The debate is closed. It is true that this journal freely discusses
history, and in particular, what appears to be a taboo chapter in history, the history of the Second World War. It will be built on the basis of the current MIC - the monitoring and information centre -
and also on the basis of the emergency teams of humanitarian assistance that existed in ECHO. Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I must now leave you because I am running a little late for the Council
of Ministers in Luxembourg. Even if the proposals of civil society were not fully taken on board in the final documents, the Commission is convinced that they have played an influential role. Critical, independent
media have very little room for manoeuvre. Parliament's priorities for the UN Human Rights Council (Geneva, 1-26 March 2010) (continuation of debate) I must respond to Mrs Buitenweg and Mr Demetriou on procedural
rights. That is what we are talking about here today, Mr President. We must help to see that the rule of law is restored in this way. Mr President, there was an extremely serious occurrence in Italy yesterday. The
primary purpose of the intelligent car is to help people. We must also support state provision, at least for those with difficult health problems who would be uninsurable in the private sector. first, that
no general exemption from the basic provisions of the directive is allowed and the competent authorities in the Member States will decide on a case-by-case basis and, However, with the increase in Internet
crime, this is not possible with the available staff and the limited funding it gets so that, in the next three years by which we have extended the mandate, we need to think about what tasks ENISA should
take on in the future and what role it can play, and then we will need to provide appropriate staff and funding. The negotiators from both sides therefore made sincere efforts to fully respect the balance
of the institutions, as defined by the treaties, and the commitment to loyal cooperation between them. Another problem concerns me, that of the Baltic countries, which are on the marches of our empire and
of which it is now said that they would not all join the European Union at the same time. Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I believe a few additional themes were to be discussed here, but there is insufficient
time. Finally, I believe that the decision to reaffirm the embargo on arms sales to China once more is equally important. There can be no case of 'let's go back to the same old rules'. When we talk about
decentralization - which is not a bad thing in itself, and it needs to happen - it is also always important for there to be a separation of powers. What is the situation, President-in-Office? We have child
sports stars to entertain us as we watch television. However, the Commission is preparing a legislative proposal on access to justice to fully implement the third pillar of the Aarhus Convention. We can
agree, we can disagree, when we disagree we can agree to disagree and continue our cooperation on this basis. Let us not present this as an institutional reform or as a significant step forward in the evolution
of the European Union. What happens with agreements with third countries is that the financial compensation comes out of the Community budget and the shipowners pay the licences. It is of course far from
reassuring that the Arab summit has recently been cancelled, that it cannot take place because it has been impossible to agree on a declaration containing the words democracy, parliament and civil society
and speaking of women’s rights and democratic reform. Fortunately, legislative rules do not apply for ever. Organised crime crosses frontiers in Europe very easily and we need to work together as Member
States and as European institutions to fight against it. In condemning the way the US is spending its foreign aid, Amendment 5 presumes a mandate that this House and this Union simply do not have. A total
of 7.9% of people of working age were unemployed. It is, however, regrettable that the EU does not act as swiftly to help citizens devastated by the consequences of climate change as it does when it has
to bail out the banks. Many believe that the Internet market will be three times as big. Moreover, the EU has carefully defined the category of people to whom this might apply. Secondly, there must be a rigorous
labelling policy. I wish to tell Mr de Grandes Pascual that we have not neglected mountain routes, particularly the Pyrenees. Such an outbreak will also affect a significant number of farmers and others
working in or connected to the poultry sector, and will have a major economic and social knock-on effect in the Member States. on behalf of the IND/DEM Group. - (DA) Madam President, a picture is beginning
to emerge of how a putrid compromise is to be reached with Ireland to get it to accept the Treaty of Lisbon. This last point should certainly be studied, and I would like to point out that most of the resolutions
of our Assembly on the third pillar pronounce themselves in favour of an increased role for national parliaments. I will pass this on to my colleague, Commissioner Diamantopoulou and also to President Prodi
to guarantee that our internal procedures will be fast enough so that when the Belgian presidency is in office the proposal is on the table. We need hotlines and to make this a priority at EU and Member
State level. In this context, I understand that Parliament seeks answers from the Commission on two issues. This does not speak well of our vaunted 'soft power'. The Baltic cannot cope with pollution, yet
around the Baltic there is now intensive economic activity and intensive agriculture with a host of discharges. Lastly, I regret that the funds for these actions are still so limited, which reveals an ongoing
lack of respect for the work undertaken to promote equality of rights and women’s opportunities in a huge range of fields. Due recognition is also given to the employment aspects of culture at European
level. Mr President, it is evident from the evaluation of the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction that we need to make drastic changes to the job responsibilities. (NL) There is another
UN summit in March, this time on the trade in threatened animal species. Why do you tolerate this blackmail from a country which admitted a short while ago that it had secret prisons all over the world,
in infringement of every concept of international law? That aside, I am here beside my friend, Mr Borghezio, not because I have changed group but because I support his proposal regarding the failure to
provide compensation for Italian former prisoners of war and Italian civilian forced labourers. On this point, however, I regret the fact that the Commission did not make bolder proposals. &#160;&#160; –
The next item is the report (A6-0318/2005) by Mrs Martens, on behalf of the Committee on Development, on a development strategy for Africa [2005/2142(INI)]. We have asked for a specialist study and that
has been produced. A unilateral commitment is a positive sign, however, and is therefore desirable, but it is not enough. With regard to the general philosophy, I agree that, since State aid is a form of
competition policy aimed at creating an even playing field amongst the different companies, we should insist not just on aid that takes the form of subsidies and which therefore belongs in the public spending
chapter, but also on those fiscal incentives that do not respond to the nature of the tax, but which respond to the desire to stimulate certain activities in geographical areas, that is to say the same
intention as direct aid. Recent contacts with political leaders in Kosova have made it clear to me that the young Kosovan institutions face enormous handicaps in seeking to pursue a real and effective policy,
not least on the socio-economic front. In particular, Mr Söderman has specified the notion of maladministration, which was contained, but not defined, in the Treaty. Therefore, I will not prejudge a referendum
in a country or the reaction to a referendum organised by the Commission. Bosnia and Herzegovina provides the most recent example of this where, unfortunately, in spite of all the efforts made, the mood
of confrontation persists between the communities still divided by the wounds of war. We must therefore always be on our guard that this debate does not deteriorate into a debate among technocrats. Our resolution,
which supports resumption, therefore ends up being an over-ambitious cahier de doléances barely offset by some reasons for hope, including the unblocking of MEDA funds, the meeting of the 27 Foreign Ministers
and the launch of the Euro-Mediterranean Forum. In reality, however, we also have to realise that a lot of oppressive legislation has been brought in recently just one of the things mentioned tonight is
the European arrest warrant and at the very least we need something to counterbalance that to ensure the rights of suspects and defendants in criminal proceedings. (FR) Mr President, I think it is not our
role to act as an outlet for the arbitrary policy which the United States of America has unfortunately been deliberately pursuing in this area. Thanks to the action of your ad hoc committee of inquiry,
now taken up by your ad hoc committee responsible for monitoring recommendations on BSE, the elements for taking a new approach to food safety throughout the production and consumption chain have been
identified. For a long time now, we have been talking about a post-Nice period during which institutions and operating procedures need to be reformed more effectively, also and especially with a view to
enlargement. Iran professes no plans to develop nuclear weapons. Therefore, we are making it clear that cohesion policy must be more transparent and results-oriented and must involve less red tape. She was
tireless in leading a number of campaigns, particularly those promoting a federal Europe and human rights. The possibility of such a dialogue, which Tunisia did refuse for some time, represents significant
progress. What we need, in fact, is radical change to the instruments and the objectives, with a genuine focus on the idea of promoting sustainable human development, human rights and democracy, and the
development of local economic potentials. However, this petition for waiver of parliamentary immunity has been dealt with as if it concerned a Spanish Member of Parliament in a Spanish Parliament. An amendment
has been tabled to this effect. I hope the House will recognise that there are practical reasons for the Commission taking this view as well as reasons that are also connected to a desire to provide a breadth
of effective coverage in the trans-European network strategy as we are further developing it. This increase largely concerns what we call the convergence regions and especially certain countries that experienced
particular difficulties in 2009. I am persuaded that this economic partnership agreement is unsuitable for achieving the aim of promoting the development of the countries involved, because there are controversial
matters yet to be addressed and resolved, such as the Most Favoured Nation clause and tariffs on exports, which do not encourage the creation of a real market capable of bringing benefits to all the populations
concerned. They think that pressure should be maintained too. I would simply reiterate that the Council is and will remain actively committed to the prevention and eradication of torture and other cruel,
inhumane or degrading treatment, in line also with the EU guidelines on this subject. I chair a Commissioners' group on innovation and one of my colleagues, of course, is Commissioner Barnier, who is particularly
concerned with this whole area. We believe in the ability of individuals to make decisions concerning their own lives; the EU should not interfere in this area. The recent Amnesty International report describes
the suffering of thousands of people who are tortured, abused, sexually assaulted and coerced into medical or psychiatric treatment. I would like to end by drawing attention to the great pervading silence
and condemning it: I refer to the campaigns which aim to deter people from using condoms on religious grounds. Its importance is reflected in the growing number of cases brought over the last year. Amendment
No 3. There are of course some framework regulations, but maritime transport and shipping are far more complex than other types of transport when it comes to establishing which state is to be responsible
for investigating the causes of accidents. My group accepts the basic view that the Singapore agenda is one that is worthwhile pursuing, but we are still not quite convinced that the legitimate concerns
of developing countries about the scope and complexity of those talks have been addressed. On that, Mr Nicolaï, we would appreciate some answers. I cannot support the Commission's ambition to become a kind
of EU 'government'. They are in Palestine, which is still under occupation and which is still waiting for a State of which half of the members of the government and of the democratically-elected legislative
council are in prison. It is not simple. The Commission is therefore in contact with the Belgian Presidency and the Member States to encourage further EU support to help Haiti at this very critical and difficult
time. In my view, this result – this compromise – strikes a balance between the need for security and the need for freedom. Madam President, Mr President of the Commission, ladies and gentlemen, I am not
sure which to go by: the strategic objectives for 2000 to 2005 or your speech for 2000 to 2010? Electronic communications play an increasingly important role in everyday life of European citizens. We do
not need grand words at the European Union level; every Member State, too, must strive to balance its budget and achieve economic growth. Mr President, I wish to move the inadmissibility of this debate
on the second reading of the budget. I actually think it is very interesting that the Treaty of Lisbon was clearly so poor that it constantly has to be amended. We can now see some amendments tabled by the
Greens, which have one aim only. The European Union cannot allow one agreement partner that which it denies another. The 2006 directive has been implemented by all the Member States. Thirdly, as part of the
present streamlining initiative, a package was submitted, containing both a list of proposals and an explanation of the package itself. Mr President, I too of course am greatly concerned by the arrest of
more than 70 dissidents, among them journalists and leaders of the illegal opposition parties, including the leaders of our two sister liberal parties in Cuba, which are also members of Liberal International,
and the excessively long custodial sentences given to them in legal proceedings held away from the public gaze. A4-0410/97, by Mr Souchet, on behalf of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Security and Defence
Policy, on the communication from the Commission to the Council - Europe and the United States: the way forward (COM(95)0411 - C4-0411/95); -A4-0403/97, by Mrs Mann, on behalf of the Committee on External
Economic Relations, on transatlantic trade and economic relations. There is no doubt that one of the areas in which the phenomenon of globalisation has had the most obvious effect is the financial field,
in which the large companies use the securities market. People do not suffer discrimination as individuals, but as members of a group: for example, because they belong to an ethnic minority, because they
are old, because they are women, because they have a disability, because they belong to a sexual minority, or because they are Roma. That being said, as I stated, I shall inform Mr&#160;Figel' of the outcome
of this debate, in a spirit of constructive cooperation between the Commission and Parliament. It amends the 1996 Directive so as to meet the national emission ceilings for atmospheric pollutants and the
recommendations of the World Health Organisation. The European Union should do its utmost to avoid undermining the ICC before it has even begun its work. All are struggling to rebuild their lives. All those
who do not now restore the rule of law and end this war bear responsibility for the terrible violence, for the civilian victims, for the destruction of the basic means of livelihood and civilian infrastructure
in Serbia, for the use of forbidden weapons. There is neither coherence nor human decency here. The Committee on Women's Rights and Gender Equality, however, has adopted amendments that do not respect the
differences between national systems or financial realities. Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, after years of guerrilla fighting and repression against the perpetrators of terrorist attacks, resulting
in thousands of deaths, Turkey has now managed to arrest the main instigator of this violence, the leader of the PKK, Abdullah Öcalan. As President of the Commission, my party is Europe. Whether we are talking
about the more general case of discrimination between Community and national citizens or the more specific case of the threatened expulsion of Community citizens, only because they are unemployed, or the
case of practitioners of liberal professions who fail to obtain recognition of their own diploma, there is an infinite number of extremely interesting cases that Community citizens submit to the European
Parliament by petition. Trade is regulated by various WTO treaties. All we want to do is respond to the requests of the citizens, because this is our mandate: a mandate of representation that we must fulfil
completely by representing both the citizens and institutions such as Lloyd's of London. It is indeed a noteworthy common position, and the Commission, Parliament, and I must say the Council too have all
played their part in arriving at this happy outcome. Subject: Demography report A first recommendation concerned the legal basis of the Commission proposal. This led to 42 new amendments, which were signed
by most of the groups. We supported that role, against the Council at the time. No administrative structures are in place, and there is nobody on the ground who can put the money to proper use. Over the past
two decades, Estonia has, in many areas, had one of the best track records of any of the transitional countries. One has to admit that it was not the best decision. We still have to define some of the most
important and critical issues regarding the implementation of this strategy. rapporteur. - Madam President, firstly, I would like to put on record my thanks to those who have helped to secure the agreement
we have reached on CRD III (Capital Requirements Directive) regulating bank capital and bankers' pay and bonuses. IFOR's role in the peace process is important but visible renewal, visible results of reconstruction
are equally important to the success of the huge operation which the international community has set in train in Bosnia. Average growth in the region was over 5 %. This is totally unacceptable considering
the problems regarding BSE in France. We either expect a clear amnesty law in the short term with specific details or, and preferably in combination with, a concrete date for the release of the political
prisoners. I am simply asking the President-in-Office of the Council if she can confirm that the outcome of this particular court decision means that citizens will benefit, whatever those benefits may be,
from the date of the decision and that no Member State is entitled to seek to restrict that. Subject: Professor A Pelinka and Austria Is the Council aware of the case of Professor Anton Pelinka who has
had his work in the European Monitoring Centre deliberately impeded and sabotaged by the Austrian Government and who has consequently had to resign from his position as Vice-President and member of the
Management Committee of the Monitoring Centre? A workable and efficient cohesion policy requires the EU to aid the development of the regions, given their particular conditions, and to operate more flexibly
than it does now. Above all, I hope that it will shorten the timescale for achieving the objectives of a healthy ecology and environment. The convention lays down that fraud is a criminal offence. Matters
must proceed properly. We have to clarify the Aid for Trade concept itself by taking on board the conclusions of the WTO Aid for Trade Task Force on fundable projects and by integrating development policies
and actual trade policies as much as possible, as envisaged in the integrated framework, not least with a view to reducing poverty. The only outstanding point at issue between Parliament and the Council
of Ministers concerns the responsibility for choosing between a course and an aptitude test. It seems to me that the problem of extremism is not that there is a series of groups who carry out violent attacks. The
myriad of arrangements on judicial and police cooperation between national officials – not eurocrats, let us note – need to come within the ambit of parliamentary scrutiny, as do the activities of the
Anti-Terrorism Coordinator. Mr President-in-Office, I fail to understand, many of us in this House fail to understand how it is that Prime Minister Aznar made a clear promise, that you made a clear promise
in this House and the diplomatic and official representatives of the Spanish Presidency have done nothing about it; they have in fact blocked this working party right down the line. We hope that interinstitutional
negotiations between the European Parliament, the Commission and the Council can begin as soon as possible to reach agreement on how to overcome this difficulty. Furthermore, at international level, we
urgently need to set up the International Criminal Court, a process that has been underway for several years but is now marking time. That, Mr President, would be a clear manifestation of real European
solidarity. The first principle is European added value. Improving food security is one of the challenges that will need to be tackled with the reform of the common agricultural policy (CAP) after 2013. For
this reason, the Commission has put a strategy in place, including the interactive information service, the frequently asked questions documents and the training initiative for local public authorities. The
Action Programme's long-term goal will not be attained easily; therefore the Commission has rightly decided on a step-by-step approach setting out interim environmental targets for the year 2010. Regarding
Britzka especially, everybody agreed that equivocation and confusion reigned for which the organisers were chiefly responsible. Making these two points an integral part of our relations - in form and in
spirit - would mean we could maintain the competitiveness of European companies while protecting consumers, and not forgetting climate protection of course. The fact that the western Balkans have remained
high on the Union's list of priorities despite the adverse climate over recent months is an achievement on the part of the Union and also illustrates the major political importance we attach to the region. In
this context it should not be forgotten that employment policy has to be directed at national level. Provided it is accompanied by a strict definition of the requirements with which closed aquaculture facilities
will have to comply, as well as by adequate monitoring of compliance, it will not compromise the necessary protection of biodiversity and the environment. Mr. President, I also wish to congratulate Mrs
Maij-Weggen and Mr Cashman on this second success. I am sure there are many outside this Chamber who would like to endorse the remarks of Carlos Coelho in thanking you for your dedication and application
as a Commissioner over this period. In its seventh year it continues to be a crucial policy instrument. Allow me to recall that one of the labours of Hercules was to clean the Augean stables. I back the rapporteur’s
amendments in which he asks for more information about fish stocks, as well as about the way in which the agreement benefits the parties involved. To strengthen the position of dealers, therefore, we must
give them the facility to decide whether to display different brands of vehicles in separate areas of the same showroom or whether to display them in separate showrooms, and whether to employ different
sales personnel for each brand. Such bureaucracy is unacceptable and must be cut back in these times of economic crisis, not enhanced. The Johannesburg Summit rightly affirmed that access to energy for the
poor has become a priority, since it is so very true that the populations' vital needs in this respect are far from being satisfied and the trend is still away from equality; the main reason for this is
the developed countries' fossil fuel consumption, in particular US consumption, which is excessive and very much out of proportion to that of the developing countries. The European Fisheries Fund plainly
does not have sufficient means to deal with such large losses. I do not agree with all of the details, but the proposals go in the right strategic direction: it is right and necessary to focus once again
on the fact that security of supply is one of the central issues. One word about the controversial tobacco subsidies, which we have been discussing for years. I believe that combating traditional forms of
violence should lie at the heart of the measures to combat violence against women. This Act was therefore already seriously flawed by the way in which it came into being. This reform would, to all intents
and purposes, go against the idea of a public policy that places state aid at the forefront of support for ‘cohesion’ countries as they strive towards regional development. Mr Kinnock, speaking on behalf
of the Commission, will be the first to take the floor. Where these are concerned, we are this year in danger of further exacerbating the problem which dominated the debate last year, that is to say the
fact that, on top of our traditional priorities, we constantly heap new tasks such as those involving the Balkans, Afghanistan, the Global Health Fund and the common foreign and security policy. That is
why we need to speak with those who have responsibility. What are important in the compromise are, in particular, the wording on co-existence and the possible measures proposed to enable the Member States
to avoid contamination by GMOs. In the 1930s, we had competitive devaluations. As you know, the Commission has published a draft Recommendation on this issue; perhaps the Commissioner would be good enough
to elaborate on this. Mr President, I have asked the Commissioner when he will do his duty as far as Sweden is concerned and remind the Social Democratic government of a signature which was placed here
by Sweden. It goes without saying that the postal services are not a job-creation programme. I think that they will have to come back to this at some future time, but the opportunity now is with the Council. Their
citizens are more comfortable with the process and the final result has increased legitimacy. We will, therefore, seek the broadest possible consensus. Another thematic area of particular interest is the
right to food, which is consistent with the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals, as well as the human rights of internally displaced persons who, unlike refugees, are not adequately protected
by international conventions, and we will press on in connection with this point. The mayor of one of the towns which has benefited wrote last week to his colleagues in the Serbian opposition making that
point. In other words, during these six months, you must push even harder, persuade the Council of the need for an increasingly uniform and united position. I should like to reply briefly to three or four
main themes which have cropped up in most of the speeches that we have just heard. This initiative aims to provide financial assistance for innovative and job-creating small and medium-sized enterprises
as a step towards the development of a business climate conducive to investment, innovation and entrepreneurship. There will be more staff to liaise between the European Parliament and national parliaments,
which is essential, even though the numbers involved are small. We need to think about a new formula for the ratification of European treaties. It would be very timely to discuss this even in more depth
- not now, but later on - because on 11 July this year the Commission adopted a White Paper on sport. The Green Paper makes it clear with the most cynical frankness that 'the proposed social model is based
on competition between enterprises' and calls for a 'stable and dedicated nucleus of working people' prepared to serve the needs of companies for rapid adaptation to market developments. The consequences
of these irresponsible policies will inevitably lead to the loss of our national identities, to the ethnic communitarisation of European societies and to the loss of national unity, which guarantees civil
peace. (FR) The revision of telecommunications legislation also contains some provisions updating European regulations, particularly on the protection of personal data and privacy. I would like to respond
to the question on the provision of information and reports. So the results as regards inflation and as regards interest rates are excellent. There is broad consensus on the need for efforts to be made on
a global scale in order to achieve the 2° Celsius target. It would be quite unthinkable to insist that victims should bear any part of the costs of the damages they have suffered due to the incompetence
of a polluter. And I want to make it quite clear that accounts are not anonymous, neither current accounts nor any others, and that anonymity has also been abolished for securities accounts. In this respect,
it is essential to regard the fight against poverty as a key contribution in our policy, rather than according it a minor position within foreign policy. In reality, and this directly concerns enlargement,
in the enlargement you will not be spending amounts in the new states... This is not a matter of localised fine-tuning; no, the changes in this area are profound and substantive. I am grateful for your explanations,
but I wanted to stress the urgency of the issue. The Commission is extremely pleased to have the support of the European Parliament for its efforts to put an end to the transitional provisions limiting
the mobility of workers from the new Member States. Directing agriculture money elsewhere is an idea that is also supported by some of the leaders of the new Member States, but nobody should be fooled by
the pathological compulsion to comply among the post-Communist leaders; it is no longer from Moscow, but from Brussels that they expect the tap on the shoulder. We have been bitten once by the European
Arrest Warrant. In Poland, over 90% of electricity is generated from coal. I certainly agree that our goal is to ensure excellent bathing water quality in Europe. (PL) Madam President, the European Union
has not forgotten Haiti. I have heard that, at the last Council meeting in Luxembourg, the Swedish Foreign Minister talked in terms of the EU's needing to prepare itself for introducing trade sanctions
against Israel. I have encouraged Parliament to convene an interinstitutional exchange of views on better regulation in the near future at the highest political level, be it in the context of the high-level
technical group for interinstitutional cooperation, the Conference of Presidents or the Conference of Committee Chairs. That is for two reasons, first of all, parliaments in their work, and the scrutiny
offered by parliamentarians, puts pressure on people like me to explain and justify what we are doing. If, however, the European Community is serious in its desire to build an inclusive society, Europe
can add value to the work of Member States. I speak now for the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs and wish to focus on two aspects of the programme. The political nature
of the discharge procedure, which I have just mentioned, does not mean that the Commission can simply collect broken promises and let them mount up endlessly. Parliament would be well advised to take on
board most of these conclusions. When the legislation is amended three days before the second ballot, right in the middle of the elections, for whatever purpose, this does not demonstrate that the process
has been understood. Does this mean that I am not a European? Because a year ago now the Minister promised in the Spanish Parliament to fulfil certain commitments to speed up these cases, but has not done
so. The adoption of the MEDA Regulation by the General Affairs Council last July, following Parliament's assent, was an important step in developing the Euro-Mediterranean partnership. author. - (FI) Mr
President, we really ought to spare a thought here for the human rights activists who were recently murdered in the North Caucasus and light a candle in memory of them. For housing as a public social good,
market laws can only have a very limited application within the scope of public services. Infants and young children are a class in themselves. I would again ask you to consider the possibility of a special
UN initiative and of the promotion of others of the kind. We must continue to urge the Belarus regime to release the iron grip it has on its citizens. As far as this situation is concerned, everyone with
anything to do with running public life in the European Union is responsible. It is a reform without any particularly rigorous scientific basis. I share all their views and I think they did a great job. All
consumers must know where the food they buy originates and what it contains. Mr President, in the Basque country we have examined with interest the whole Palestinian peace process, because we also support
in Euskal Herria the need to overcome the current political conflict through democratic settlements. You also stress the need to facilitate access to justice and to support the proper functioning of the
economy. Furthermore, the data could be monitored more easily if high quality information were available regarding the interaction between environmental and economic factors: environmental economic accounts
could contribute to policy evaluation by making available data concerning the environmental impact of economic activities. I should like to thank those at the helm of our group, to whose work we owe the
draft we are debating today: Mr&#160;Harbour, the shadow rapporteur and coordinator of our group; With regard to tax rates, as before we propose not a complex system of coming back on the question every
so many years, but an accelerator principle to be subject to review potentially every five years. Whenever possible we will, of course, promote the transfer of good practice, working in conjunction with
national and local authorities, police forces, manufacturers and driver organizations. The present economic situation calls for urgent action by the European&#160;Union. So I should also like to enter into
this debate with Members who hold a different opinion to mine. I believe that this whole series of EU measures and actions in recent months will take on a structured form at this European Council meeting
on 17 June. Mr President, Commissioner, we have just heard various positions on asbestos, which is a genuine public health problem, that are all based on the same observation but arrive at different conclusions,
namely that asbestos poses a highly significant risk that must not be underestimated, that the data are not conclusive enough, and that we must certainly not risk making companies pay too many charges. The
European Union is lost today between bilateral agreements, conformity, and a diversity which should be our asset, not a hindrance. In order to belong to the world of research and higher education, however,
we are quite aware that there must also sometimes be restrictions and that objectives need to be emphasised and in more than just a few words. First unemployment and its inevitable link with a forced march
towards a single currency and the stability pact - fundamental questions at the present moment - were finally included on the agenda for the Summit, as we had always advocated. As a Hungarian, I should
also like to say a few words about the Hungarian minority in Romania. Thanks to your efforts and support, this is a well-balanced package that represents genuine reform. I want to focus this morning particularly
on the Economic Partnership Agreement negotiations which are now taking place between the EU and the ACP. However, we should consider at what point state intervention is going too far and at what stage
we can claim to have knowledge that we do not have today. The latter is one of the most promising options for the future. You still have the opportunity, for 24 more minutes, to play an April Fool's trick
or have one played on you. We will repeat our invitation to Russia to engage in negotiations on a comprehensive Euratom-Russia agreement which should promote the highest standards for nuclear safety. The
Spanish Government, on the contrary, decided to tow the Prestige into open sea, regardless of the consequences. Parliament’s text does not seem clear enough from a legal and technical point of view. Unfortunately,
in recent weeks, the European press has, not without justification, been casting foreign policy in an extremely negative light, portraying it as a contest between Member States for posts in the new External
Action Service, as a competition between the institutions in terms of which hat Baroness Ashton will wear more often - that of the Commission or the Council - and as an unfair struggle by the European
Parliament to achieve greater influence. We are currently having major difficulties in arranging the accessions of Romania and Bulgaria in such a way that we can stick to the deadline set, frankly very
prematurely, by the Council and still ensure that the candidate countries have in fact achieved what we expect of them. Any faith in justice and democracy is dead for Palestinians and the image of the European
Union tarnished for a long time. This is a perfectly legitimate objective. Whilst I acknowledge that it could be improved, particularly by detailing events by country, describing the necessary means for
achieving EU foreign policy objectives and by making a more qualitative assessment of this policy, which includes strategic and organisational recommendations for the future, I welcome the drafting of
this report and hope that the EU continues to develop an effective multilateralism that is one of the hallmarks of the geostrategic concerns of the EU. We should also focus on the causes of this type of
violence, starting with an examination of the gender stereotypes of which both women and men are victims, even from a very young age. There is no better information than that given by a doctor or a pharmacist. Crucial
to the prevention of illegal movements of waste is increased harmonisation of laws on the environment and navigation, especially at international level, and enhanced cooperation between authorities. This
happened because these particular countries had had visa-based relationships with the United States, and because the European Union was not acting as one, those countries had no other choice but to sign
the bilateral memoranda. And while I am on the subject of figures, we are talking about approximately 500 000 accidents a year in the European Union alone - not counting third countries - where we will
be able to settle claims much more easily in the future. President, I too should like to congratulate Mrs Jeggle on her expertise in handling these reports. It has 350 000 inhabitants, with an income that
is below 75 % of the European average, a level of unemployment above 20 %, a socio-economic fabric that urgently needs revitalising and, what is more, is an area adjoining two autonomous communities that
are currently Objective 1: Castilla-León and Cantabria. What kind of measures does the Council intend to take in order to make sure that the Treaty is respected across the European Union? The reference to
the need to implement the Kyoto agreements worldwide is extremely appropriate, but it is to be feared that America will remain obstructive on account of pressure from the oil companies and the motor industry
until they themselves become more and more affected by desertification and flooding. This exceptional EC assistance has contributed to preventing a major humanitarian crisis. This is why the Commission has
advocated in the past, in its White Paper on freeing European airspace, that European airspace should be managed centrally by a strong international organisation for all aspects of its use. I would also
highlight the introduction of the concept of ‘experience in the field’ as a criterion for selecting organisations recognised by the national authorities, with mutual recognition of licences and the development
of training programmes for controllers. The tunnel through Hallandsåsen is intended to become the largest time-saving measure on a very long stretch of railway. Peace and stability in the Balkans, at the
gates of the EU, is very much a matter for Europeans. Its exports in this sector represent 20% of its total exports. Paradoxically, however, by the same token, the rapporteur is in favour of mixing dangerous
and non-dangerous waste. We call for the development of an online system that clearly indicates the various complaints mechanisms available to the public and which of these is most appropriate to their
interests; the establishment of an online one-stop shop would be needed in order to achieve this. We want to see a binding obligation to simplify programmes as well as reform of the Financial Regulation,
and we insist that the new legislation on multiannual programmes must preserve the rights of Parliament in full and as a matter of course in every single area of activity, including areas such as foreign
policy. What we now need is a final great effort, an effort made in full awareness of the fact that time is running out. Ladies and gentlemen, I should tell you this is a difficult exercise. I would prefer
this debate to be relevant to the way the European Parliament exercises its powers of control, and the Commission explains and gives an account of itself, as befits a democratic system such as our own. When
I was at school, I learned that people in Africa were starving because they had cut down the trees in the places where they lived so that nothing could grow there any longer. An analysis of the issues on
which the EU is particularly well placed also needs to be carried out, notably on security, water and refugees. That is why, in the spirit of better legislation called for by Commissioner Prodi recently,
my group will give the Commission conditional support for the regulation if it agrees to carry out an evaluation study to examine exactly how sales below cost can benefit both small businesses and consumers. This
leads me to reform. Parliament must also play its part, just as it played a leading role in the campaign against anti-personnel mines. The violations of human rights are destabilising the situation in the
North Caucasus, are prolonging the conflict, are reducing the chances for its resolution and are, in fact, creating support for underground terrorist activity. In principle, a new plan may prove to be an
important initiative provided that the mistakes and shortcomings of previous plans are taken to heart. This amendment opens the door for the Commission's proposal for the cofinancing of this common policy
to be approved. What is more, at this stage of the procedure, and with the benefit of hindsight, I mistrust the amendments which the Commission, and especially the Council, will make to this text. I therefore
agree that there should be a higher weighting coefficient - 10% for example - but it must be totally fixed in all cases and all circumstances. I hope that their influence will increase further for the Member
States. The rule of unanimity with the sanction of a veto, if required, is the last bastion protecting the smaller nations and sovereignty. (PT) The basis for this report is the Commission' s proposal linking
the trafficking of people for purposes of sexual exploitation - prostitution - and the trafficking of human beings for purposes of work - migrant workers. Subject: Education of children of migrants Following
schemes establishing passenger rights in air, rail and water transport, we have now turned to the rights of bus passengers. In particular, I think that the natural time to start teaching entrepreneurial
skills is at primary and secondary school level. I would also like to thank the Commissioner for his promise to set about making things happen and to work closely with all of the actors in this area. The
competitive pressure of these alternative sales methods has significantly reduced the risk of abuse through a CRS. I support the report precisely because it represents a step in the right direction, calling
for the fishing countries, fleets and companies unfairly excluded both by the incorrect application of the principle of relative stability, and by the current protocol to be given the opportunity of fishing
in Greenland's waters. That means that the definition of universal services which we are now discussing is limited in time and must apply to the whole of the European Union. In any case, this idea must be
encouraged, and it will doubtless be during this attempt to protect financial interests that we realise that we need to include a Community corpus iuris in the Treaties. In the Seventh Framework Programme,
the line of action with regard to gender issues is divided into three main areas of activity. In the city where I live more than 90 % of pollutant emissions by the local heavy industry have been eliminated
in recent years by a voluntary agreement, without that industry being forced to shut down or substantially restrict its production. With regard to the issue we are dealing with - the anomalous situation
of the British submarine Tireless in the only British colony in the Mediterranean, Gibraltar - on 7 September I asked an oral question about it. Mr Prodi's recent statements on the waste crisis in Campania
bear witness to the total collapse of the government which he leads. We all have valuable expertise and experience of democracy-building to share. Above all, it is also about who actually holds the relevant
licences to exploit these materials. The Commission maintains, and indeed Mrs Schörling also confirms this, that the policies of the EU and of the EU Member States have always been compatible with the commitments
of the Copenhagen Declaration and action programme. The next item is the continuation of the joint debate on Alpine transit. The annual productive investment volume is estimated at EUR 86 billion. Some ideas
are worth highlighting: the key role played by cities in achieving these objectives and the role of research and education. I believe we should give the postal service a chance to adapt to new trends. Mrs
Peijs, this is not a point of order and this is not the correct moment in the debate to make it. If America were to adopt a unilateral position in favour of one side or the other the peace process would
come to an end. So we stand once again at the end of a year and ask ourselves how, in Heaven's name, we can make the Council see reason and make a good servant out of an evil master. We would point out;
however, that the compromise deal struck between the parties fails to adequately address the problems that confront the European Union today. We welcome Tajikistan's interest in cooperation and support
its efforts. I oppose the idea that there should be a requirement for the labelling of products from animals fed GM feed. The two recent mining accidents, which were mentioned in the explanatory statement,
were representative of ecological disasters, the effects of which have been felt well beyond the regions where the accidents actually occurred. As far as Mr Alyssandrakis' report is concerned, I would welcome
a breakthrough in fusion research, not least because it is far less dangerous than nuclear fission and we need to have an alternative to that form of energy. However, in Article 3 of the resolution, where
the same presidential elections are mentioned, the date given is 4 February 2005. I am pleased that you attach a lot of importance to the Services Directive and that you will do a lot of work on removing
the administrative difficulties. I do not know what the translation was, but this is a political debate to which I came with some remarks. Madam President, of all the European countries, Albania has had
the longest row to hoe in the transition from communist dictatorship to liberal democracy. As well as demanding a complete reassessment of the trade model, it is clear that we also urgently need to redouble
our efforts to ensure that international trade is based on a platform of minimum social and environmental standards. Nevertheless, I believe that it is also extremely important to pay attention to the freight
which is carried on board aeroplanes together with passengers. The programme of the Swedish Presidency is truly very ambitious, especially, among other things, on trans-Atlantic dialogue. The final point
is that the European Union does not invest enough, and this is a personal proposal: is it not time that we included a section on investments in our budget and that, in association with the European Investment
Bank - of which I propose that, henceforth, since we have legal personality, the European Union becomes a partner, alongside the Member States - we had an investment plan, notably on trans-European networks? In
addition to these specific project areas, the ministerial conferences of the Union for the Mediterranean will address a number of global challenges that affect us all. The budgetary authority in the European
Union has two arms, namely the Council of Ministers and Parliament. I also appeal to the Commission and the Council to condemn these cruel acts. Because I do not think, Mr Verheugen, that we can all agree
to vote for parliaments, to vote for governments, on the one hand, and yet still have military rule dictating political terms on behalf of us all on the other. Mr President, Commissioner, the first report
of this part-session deals with an issue which is of major importance, not just for countries whose geographical location makes them liable to suffer the traumatic effects of oil slicks regularly, but
also for all states whose supply of hydrocarbons follows the route which crosses the north-east Atlantic, the English Channel and the North Sea, one of the routes most travelled by oil tankers in the world. A
second example is nuclear disarmament. Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I do not think I will use up the five minutes I am allowed, I will be considerably more brief than that, because
the resolution we are debating at the moment and which we will probably vote for tomorrow very clearly describes a situation which only has one possible and correct technical and legal solution: to maintain
this Parliament's request that the Commission withdraw the proposal to postpone the entry into force of the Directive. Secondly, do nuts fulfil a multifunctional role? The European parties are not permitted
to use their funds to finance national parties. It forms a cornerstone for a green employment strategy and is thereby key to the success of the Europe 2020 strategy. We Europeans take great pride in our
traditions; we believe in the free market, but we feel that we must safeguard the special features of our economic system, which is not the kind of absolutely ruthless system that exercises freedom in
a way that may sometimes have the effect of carelessly marginalising the more vulnerable within our society. The amendments proposed by the rapporteur of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development
are an improvement on the Commission's proposal, although they too fail to break away from the thinking behind the Regulation or address the basic worries of olive producers and the olive oil market, such
as the abolition of intervention, the unaccountability and profiteering of the industry and the multinationals, the low quotas and the extortionate coresponsibility levies, that is, the disastrous consequences
of Regulation No 1638/98, which have caused the olive oil market to collapse, prices to hit rock bottom and incomes to evaporate for olive producers, all of whom are small or medium-sized farmers in barren
and island regions. This was taken into consideration in the resolution by the Committee on the Rules of Procedure. We appeal to our European friends in the Republic of Moldova to go and vote, to vote for
democracy, and to make the Republic of Moldova freer, more democratic and more European so that this House can very soon bid their country welcome. Israel's rejection of an independent inquiry cannot be
accepted; the government of the United States - under President Obama - must also be condemned as it did not denounce the slaughter. The Member States are called on to provide their expertise and greater
technical and financial support to the governments of developing countries in order to introduce and extend social security systems. Ladies and gentlemen, those of us who believe in the European Union and
in the existence of a common European maritime and terrestrial territory can neither accept nor approve the type of discrimination and favouritism that appear in this Fisheries agreement with Greenland. I
think no one would deny that it is an incontrovertible fact that cod stocks are at an all-time low in the Irish Sea. The highly repressive nature of this act will above all impact on independent journalists
and publishers. I believe that once Estonia has joined, the euro area will have a member which understands the rules of the game, and which will be useful in strengthening monetary union and the single
currency. There is much in the report that I am unable to support and which I am going to vote against. Mr Barroso, Mr President, as much as I appreciate the candidates coming forward for the hearing, my
group is unable to give your College a positive vote. It will still be less than the 1999 budget, but I think that the citizens of Europe will clearly see that this endeavour is not only logical, but also
perfectly feasible at the level of the budgets of our Member States. For this reason, a reference to the Plumb/Delors accord within the directive would appear superfluous. That is why we need a sensible
European system to bring an end to these delays. This event shows that it is crucial to develop the integration of European airspace through the Single European Sky initiative. It is true that each Member
State has its own issues, but the European Parliament has shown that differences can be bridged and that we can agree on rights for all European citizens. (SL) The social landscape of Europe has changed. I
was delayed coming to Strasbourg, as many can be, but I did see much of the countryside on the way. They have been negotiating for a year, and I think it is high time that they tell us what they are negotiating
about. Fourthly, the market opportunities for the SMEs must be improved. Firstly, we must of course - and I think all Members in this Parliament agree - have the best possible environment for each of our
citizens to allow them to have full freedom of health and safety. What is more, the French outermost regions, which were the only ones to benefit from support to outlets, will receive an additional amount
of EUR&#160;15&#160;million corresponding to current outlet measures in respect of the reference period. in writing. - (FR) We need to develop our relations with India, which, with a population of more
than a billion and a booming economy, provides a counterweight to the Muslim world and China. The last one, for example, was that payment of the costs of an event organised by tender under the second pillar
was refused, stating that the farmer in question failed to obtain three quotations for the scones he served to participants. It is important that development cooperation and the social aspect are made vital
ingredients, because the European approach must be such that we are also prepared to give of ourselves to other continents, thereby building not just Europe but the whole world we share. The clear opinion
of the Court on the accounts and the lowest error rate ever for the whole budget, as disclosed by our external auditor, confirm that the Commission took the right decisions and proposed adequate measures
to improve the performance of the programmes under the current financial period. Some of the amendments proposed in Mr Maat' s report in effect totally reject the Commission proposal. We discussed both reports
at Ecofin level and these reports are on the table for the discussions of the Heads of State and Government next Thursday and Friday. I believe that we have made progress on several issues, such as a ban
on the carcinogenic chemicals used in toys, which give rise to great cause for concern about children's health, a gradual reduction in the heavy metals used in the manufacture of toys, such as cadmium
and lead, a reduction in the list of aromatic and allergenic substances, separate labelling for toys contained in foods and stricter safety specifications for all toy manufacturers. He tested her in court
with the assistance of the prosecution lawyers. We do believe, however, that it is a human right to receive emergency treatment, irrespective of a person's status in society. Mr Konrad, I have taken careful
note of your comments and, of course, we will look into the matter and see what must be done to avoid the problems you have referred to in future. We are dependent on the Member States implementing this
accordingly and will work to bring it about. This includes examples where there has been very good cooperation at the local authority level with the Roma living in these settlements, and we also saw good
examples where local politicians had made a real effort to resolve the situation to the benefit of the Roma. In principle, the institutions play a role, and that applies to the Anna Lindt Foundation, too. Although
we all agree that priority should be given to conflict prevention and to the devastating effects of other types of disaster, the European Union will only be taken seriously if it also provides itself with
military support capabilities for humanitarian interventions. Article 8 sets out strict control and auditing measures to strengthen the transparency and legitimacy of the system; we consider that parties
should not depend completely on public financing and we therefore propose that they should raise at least 25% of their budget themselves. Lastly, I should like to mention the Fourth EU-China Summit, which
also enabled us to strengthen political dialogue but, once again, this political dialogue includes the issue of human rights. The next item is the report by Britta Thomsen, on behalf of the Committee on
Industry, Research and Energy, on a Road Map for renewable energy in Europe. This goes to show that we were right. That was, and is, the intellectual challenge of creative contact with customers. Unfortunately,
only a few days before the Council discussed the Commission's proposal for the first time, the USA published its proposal about recognizing the situation about animal health, and it is unacceptable to
the European Union. It should adopt a genuinely neutral policy towards the Middle East and abandon the partisan policy of the US, and it should stop immigration from Muslim countries and encourage radical
Muslims in the West to see that they would be much happier living among their own coreligionists. That is why the Member States and the Commission agreed to cooperate in the area of social protection and
social inclusion, on the basis of the open method of coordination, which means that the Commission and the Council set up joint goals, the Member States report on these goals and the Commission compiles
its findings in the report that is consequently adopted by the Council. Despite all of this, the Council appears to be sticking to a passive approach. We clearly see that disasters that affect our citizens
can also occur outside the EU territory in the European Economic Area, or even outside the EEA. Firstly, the matter of transparency and openness. I agree with the rapporteur that the Council and the Commission
should systematically incorporate human rights issues into the European Union's programme for political dialogue with third countries. Maritime nations will have their own priorities in terms of strategy
and policy for the resource which is their sea. As for the completion of a single market for insurance, I would once again request the Member to contact the Commission, because that is the body responsible
for ensuring that individual rules on competition are complied with. There has been little evidence of convergence in the discussions so far in ECOFIN and the General Affairs Council. Furthermore, finally,
without linguistic diversity, there is no Europe, because this is also one of the few, and perhaps the only, parliament in the world which operates in eleven languages, to the extent that occasionally
we speak in this House for the purpose of being interpreted and not to be heard in the original. The Commission was particularly pleased that in the Council discussions at the Cardiff summit we were able
to point to several issues where we believe subsidiarity would have produced a different outcome. In my capacity as rapporteur, I have received a piece of paper which says that the Bank has in fact lost
billions on failed investments and that the money is hidden in the accounts or has been offset. European bus measurements may seem a trivial matter, but it is no such thing. Think how many people are working
in large companies, not using all their skills, trapped in large organisations, worried about moving because they cannot take their pensions with them, concerned not least about unemployment. These issues
were also addressed in your report. Is this or is this not a profound injustice? Not just the Commission, but the whole European Union, must undergo reform. In conclusion, I should like to reiterate that
the Commission is grateful for the information provided by the honourable Member and it will examine any relevant information provided by European industry. This is an enormous problem because Swedish studies,
and other studies too, show that we are going to see precisely the same thing happen as we saw happen with PCBs, namely that these chemicals will find their way into the food chains and it will gradually
emerge that a big problem has arisen. The new partnership must bring together civil societies much more systematically, and also the people's representatives, in other words the parliaments, especially
by assisting with the capacities of African parliaments. The duration of development programmes should be seven years, in accordance also with the implementation of the CAP, in order to give producers and
the food industries a constant timeframe. Now, turning to the EU's input to the IASB. Precautions must therefore be taken and their use in agriculture must not be insisted upon. Why not Georgia? The Danish
Social Democrats are of the opinion that the acts in question should be revised in order to ensure they are based on the principle of caution and the principle of regard for consumer health and safety. There
is also a need to relax the Stability and Growth Pact's criteria, which is an option provided for in a declaration annexed to the Final Act of the Treaty of Lisbon. With this in mind, the Commission plans
to adopt initiatives such as strengthening the links between ethics committees across Europe and the exchange of good practice in the ethical assessment of research projects. The report retains references
to 'so-called' sexual health and sexual rights, which, according to the definition of, for example, the World Health Organization, explicitly include the right to abortion and this is something that cannot
be referred to in EU Community Law or forced upon Member States. Directives have a timescale, whereas the obligation to prepare the groundwork for being in the Eurozone does not, according to the Treaty,
have a timescale. In the interest of children, therefore, prosecution must continue to be possible. The amendment concerning the most polluting lorries – for environmentally-friendly lorries do not exist
– has been adopted. We must all work together to send a message of confidence to the world of the producers and to the consumers. Mr&#160;President, Mr&#160;Winkler, what is currently taking place in the
Democratic Republic of Congo, with the support of the international community and, more specifically, of the European Union, is crucially important for the future of this vast country, which has been torn
apart for years by civil and foreign wars. They also state that, if we want to continue improving NOx emissions, our only option is to remove the 108% ceiling because, if we maintain this ceiling, there
is no incentive to improve environmental quality with regard to emissions by European hauliers transiting through Austria. (SV) - We Swedish Social Democrats supported the report, which is good. Does it
do the Palestinians any good when an Israeli orchard, or a factory on the West Bank, is closed down? With regard to Mr Verhofstadt's questions concerning supervision, I am pleased that we are nevertheless
making progress on this issue. They only Europeanise the penalties, which have been made even stricter. Even the British Government is entirely in agreement with this view, and this is contrary to many of
our citizens' expectations regarding European policy. We will also forever associate it with a sense of gratitude. Thirdly, the process of applying for a visa will be speeded up. &#160;&#160; &#160;&#160;&#160;Madam&#160;President,
on behalf of the Committee on Transport and Tourism, I wish to inform the House that the Committee was guided by three considerations when formulating its position. The fact that some of them are also European
may have consequences in terms of potential accession to the Union, but not for the purposes of neighbourhood policy. There was also a call to improve coordination of European policy within Member States. It
is of high quality, thorough and very specific. We need to build capacity from the bottom up. This committee is now starting to scrutinise the legislation with a view to restoration of, or compensation for,
property which was seized under Communist rule. May I recall that in this connection the spring European Council last year adopted the Energy Policy for Europe action plan. Poland was a society with a shortage
of goods and manifest political oppression and, for most Poles, life was hard. Your colleague, Commissioner Patten, has repeatedly told this House that, as far as he is concerned, it is no trouble to spend
the money that he now has at his disposal, and that he would like to receive more money from Parliament in order to help those countries. Mr Funk, I think it is a little convenient to put your trust in
the chronic generosity of the Commission's agricultural spending forecasts, which looks like turning up again in 1997 as well and in the end all the adjustments will be made painlessly in 1998. Women in
Europe can see that the Commission is sympathetic to women's concerns. I would like to reflect on the advice given to me by many of the leaders of the Groups at the outset. This proposal urges Member States
to set up new centres and training courses to maximise the potential of scientific resources on rare diseases and pool together existing research centres and disease information networks. National rules
for issuing parking cards for people with disabilities and the parking facilities to which they can get entitlement are not covered by the recommendation. The Council has already lost much of its effectiveness. However,
my concern is that the world, further to a new WTO agreement, may become richer economically speaking but poorer in the area of culture and environment or in terms of agriculture or horticulture, and that
we may lose out on business in those areas which are essential for Europe. We must put an end to its legal basis in all of the Member States, as Parliament says, after 36 months or whatever is decided in
a subsequent negotiation with the Council. Incidentally, my colleagues and I have submitted an amendment on that point; I would like to assure you once again that the Commission will continue to cooperate
closely over all of these issues with the country holding the presidency and will maintain contact with the European Parliament. Events surrounding the arrest of the former President of Chile, General Pinochet,
show how fragile democracy still is in Latin America. Other important aspects of this debate are the notion that access to housing is a factor in social inclusion, and the need for effective support for
bringing young people with degrees or other high-level qualifications into the labour market, in order to derive maximum benefit from the qualifications that they have acquired in the education system. It
is not the Commission which has to make the assessment. The upshot of the economic dialogue between the European institutions and the Member States is that the national reform programmes will have to be
drawn up by the individual States, with due regard to the achievement of the EU's objectives. I welcome these Commission proposals intended to improve the assessment process by adopting a single procedure,
thereby simplifying the process for both the applicant and the administration. Naturally this must proceed under the supervision of the Commissioner who has responsibility for these affairs. In these circumstances,
I believe that, if such products go to a retail outlet or a restaurant, there is a difference. When the Committee on Women's Rights and Equal Opportunities was given permission to draw up an own-initiative
report on women and fundamentalism, we had reason to hope that this report would serve not only to reiterate our condemnation of the fact that millions of women in the world are deprived of elementary
human and civil rights, which we know only too well. The term commercial communications therefore covers advertising, direct marketing and sponsorship, as well as sales promotion and - significantly - public
relations. The crucial task now is to find a suitable means of meeting the needs of a multifunctional agricultural system as well as those of consumers. The ethnic minorities are becoming increasingly demanding
and violent towards the inhabitants and the peacekeeping forces, thus demonstrating the still very evident fragility of local governments, particularly the Albanian Government, which ought to uphold the
rights of the political opposition more firmly, and the fragility of relations with the European Union and with some non-governmental organisations. We now believe that to be unnecessary. It is difficult,
it is sometimes hard work, but it is something that Parliament must continue to do unceasingly. In my opinion, we should all share in the task of ensuring that the Balkan region is secure. Let us hope also
for a fruitful conciliation of the 2011 figures. This is the case, for example, in the transport sector, where competition is strong. The Green Group unanimously supports a healthy economic policy, where
there is an equilibrium in the public sector and where budget resources do not have to be largely spent on interest payments on public loans. They clearly need to be supplemented, as you have said. To conclude,
I can declare that I shall be supporting this report. The priority in the world today is security and the fight against terrorism. In fact, I was rather taken aback by the attitude of, and fierce protests
from, the farming lobby and the pesticides industry in relation to this dossier, given that the laws on which we will be voting tomorrow will guarantee better protection of man and the environment and
will also, in the end, lead to more innovation and safe replacement products. It has also attempted to correct the uneven apportioning of compensatory payments among Member States resulting from differences
in classification, especially of the so-called 'intermediate less-favoured areas (LFAs)'. The Rothley report is today being submitted to us once again. Madam President, I thank the President-in-Office for
his statement. These estimated damages were presented to the General Affairs Council of 28 January last year; the GAC in turn asked the Government of Israel to put an end to this practice and reserved the
right to claim reparation in the appropriate fora. I do not think it is employment which acts against the environment. Indeed, the doubts which my services and I raised on the subject of the aforementioned
project concern exclusively the extension up to 2035 of the motorway concession for the Brenner in the absence of any competition. They are not to be confused with them. Please rest assured that your comment
has been noted and will be examined. It is Amendment No 2. I naturally agree with our colleague Mr Garosci's words of thanks and I think that the words of the Commissioner have really put some heart into
the commercial sector. National measures to promote medial pluralism could, for example, include provisions determining share ownership in media companies or measures promoting culturally and linguistically
diversified content. They are refugees and democratic oppositions in exile, who are hated by the regime in power in their country of origin. The new Commission must have clear direction, a firm political
leadership which is open, it must practise genuine transparency and partnership with the European Parliament and not just pay lip-service to those values. The report contains the economically sensitive
subject of support which goes beyond compensation for effects which have not yet been included. It is of vital importance as a conservation resource, as numerous scientific studies have demonstrated, and
yet the Commission appears ready to accept the argument that restricted access in this zone somehow amounts to discrimination. It is in this context that the EIB was authorised - as I said earlier - to
give loans, but solely and exclusively for environmental matters. Unfortunately, we did not succeed in getting him to come back. Many of our reports dealing with unemployment stress the need for good quality
training, which is absolutely essential if workers and people in general are to be made employable. It is critical, but what is missing is a conclusion. &#160;&#160; Mr President, Commissioner, I would like
to begin by clarifying what we are talking about, because, on the basis of a speech by Commissioner McCreevy, it seems to me that his ideas do not coincide with those of Mr Kovács, within the Commission
itself, and of course do not coincide with those of this Parliament, not even with regard to the subject of the discussion. It is a continuing scandal that this Parliament has not demanded that Member State
governments stop the Strasbourg circus once and for all. I believe a report of this kind should be discussed in this Parliament as well. I have to say that an agreement between France and Germany can often
be helpful for Council business, but that this time, on the contrary, it is not. This is why I agree with the rapporteur on the proposal for a coordinated action plan or management plan at European level,
also bearing in mind the very considerable mobility of the cormorant as a migratory bird, provided that it by no means runs counter to the aims of the Wild Birds Directive of 1979. It is therefore necessary
to ask a certain number of pertinent questions, and this is what we shall be doing at the conference which will be taking place in a few days' time in Brussels. Firstly I will deal with the report by Mr
Garriga, and then I will consider your comments on the own resources, Mr Pomés Ruiz. I would like the following: a European government whose prime minister is elected with a mandate on all matters which
are best dealt with jointly, for example agriculture. We, as a parliament, owe that much to society, because parliamentary activity does not just mean controlling things, but also shaping them. According
to Michel Ferrary, professor at Ceram in France, women tend to avoid risk and focus more on a long-term perspective. I have no idea why. Working conditions for drivers have direct economic but also safety
implications. In the presentation of Agenda 2000 - defining the political guidelines for the beginning of the 21st century - the Commission stated yesterday its commitment to integrate the environment into
its global strategy. This also applies to Belarus. Can you please urge the authorities to get a grip of this? As regards external affairs, we are following the guidelines of the specialised committees, which
respect the balance between the thematic approach and the geographical approach. I should like to say to Mr Samuelsen that the Commission would be perfectly content to hold a debate on the Western Balkans
in December. You have been informed before me; however, as soon as I have the communication, I will, of course, make you and all the Members in the House aware of it. In Rosia Montana, there is still the
risk of a gold extraction project going ahead, which will use chemical substances capable of seriously polluting the soil and river water in the long term. Finally, my thanks to the rapporteurs for their
commendable work. One of the most important of these is the objective of halving the number of people without access to basic sanitation by 2015. 2010 is the Year of Biodiversity. I believe these to be good
things because European society is an open one. Increasing the Union’s military capability does not, however, mean that we need, straightaway, to create new structures and devote more financial resources
to developing this policy in practice. &#160;&#160; Mr President, Mrs&#160;Lehtomäki, Mr&#160;Frattini, the fact that the western Balkan countries are being walled in by visa requirements is a tragedy for
those countries, whose people have been able to travel freely in Western Europe for 20 years. I trust that these proposals will elicit a positive response from the Commission so that we can protect our
forests more efficiently. The major challenge is, therefore, to create a modern and efficient administration without compromising on supervision and the rule of law. It goes further than that: you do not
have to be able to prove that the products are dangerous, you must have respectable evidence, even if it does not necessarily represent the majority or dominant view of the scientific community. The UN
cannot turn its back, it must have a force on the ground to guarantee peace and to ensure that these discussions take place. This is precisely why global players need binding rules . However, there is no
doubt that they reflect the high priority given by the report to promoting action for energy efficiency. NTDTV is actually still carried by one of their European satellites. Terrorism, alongside civil rights,
was the priority for 2005, and wholly justifiably, yet the maintenance of the rule of law is an absolute necessity, and not least as regards the CIA’s transporting of prisoners across Europe, about which
we will be having a debate tomorrow afternoon. So this area must be promoted on the basis of a few, very few, but solid and identifiable European political projects which deal with the real problems facing
us, the first of which is Islamist terrorism. Perhaps we should also consider a gradual increase in this form of cooperation, which, if its implementation is subject to rigorous quality control, could become
a preferred form of cooperation and development aid. Although the incidence for each rare disease is very low, millions of people are affected in the European Union because these diseases are measured in
thousands. Mr President, I am afraid that I would like to oppose the oral amendment by my learned friend, Mr Tannock, based on evidence that, in fact, has been supplied by Mrs Galit Peleg, First Secretary
of the Israeli Mission to the EU. Last but not least, this report highlights one important fact. In having too many words, there is a risk of losing focus on what we wish to achieve. In order to reach that
position, it is necessary for structured consumer organisations to be in place. The fingerprinting of Roma people only is discriminatory and surely illegal - have we forgotten the history of Nazi and fascist
racial persecution? It is after all particularly important that a huge effort is made to convince them of the importance of changing the cooperation within the Third Pillar so that it becomes better and
more democratic and so that we can take on all those serious matters which our voters consider that we should tackle. Failing that, we will find ourselves playing football without a full defence, at the
risk of labouring the footballing analogy. Mr President, first I want to thank Mrs Larive for her excellent report that was presented here today. We are not talking about houses, but, for example, she is
determined to press ahead with a road project - previously the M-50, which she now calls the M-61 - which intends to destroy no less than the Monte de el Pardo, an area of crucial ecological importance. I
should like to close by pointing out that enlargement will force us to reconsider this tool; for the moment, however, we need to develop it between the Member States to the maximum. It is always a difficult
business: people cannot praise themselves, but Mrs Theato is equally committed colleague in an area that I would not want to confine just to the text of the convention before us. The principles of equal
working conditions and of exported benefits are both strengthened. What is also remarkable is that it covers both national, regional and local systems. That this directive is needed is something on which
everyone – including Members of this House – agrees. However, I believe that there is justification for this, because we will receive requests from the third countries that we work with. So the competitiveness
of European industry is a basic necessity for our socio-economic model itself and for the very wellbeing of European society. Open, fair and transparent debate is far too often almost impossible. The Council
will not confine itself to the description of the above-mentioned elements, but will also remind us that the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference must find concrete answers to the questions raised. The
need for information campaigns in schools and platforming from there into all areas of life is crucial. I sincerely thank Mr Stevenson. When we speak of tackling terrorist offences, we need to ensure that
fundamental rights are fully upheld and that the measures adopted to fight terrorism are suitable and effective. We must therefore give ‘power to the imagination’ in European-Latin American relations, because
the correct model of relations lies between ‘Christlike cosmopolitanism’ and ‘Westphalian cosmopolitanism’. I should like to clarify why the Commission cannot support certain amendments. If we wish to see
a Palestinian state established that resembles other democratic structures as closely as possible, I should like to hear what we in the EU intend to do to ensure that the leaders concerned are able to
meet each other. &#160;&#160; Mr&#160;President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance will be rejecting this Directive, as it is high time we created a social
Europe as well as an economic and financial Europe. There is a great risk of our obtaining a financial market full of legal disputes, proceedings, advisory court judgments and yet more legislative measures
to plug the gaps in the legislation. The Council' s amendments, which extend the scope of money, cannot be in the interest of the consumer. Today' s world is politically unstructured and is therefore incapable
of fully guaranteeing that peace, stability, human rights and democracy hold sway. on behalf of the PPE-DE Group. - Mr President, the Ivory Coast is an unstable country that has been made more unstable
by environmental crime which has flowed from our continent down to Africa; with a Dutch ship and Dutch port authorities, a Greek-owned ship flying the Panamanian flag, then Ivorian companies and trucks
dumping petrochemicals, killing - according to the United Nations - 12 people, and resulting in 104 000 people - again according to the United Nations - having medical care needs. I would like to take this
opportunity to thank Parliament for its work in securing agreement on this. In any case, this is what I must now focus on and, Mr Mitchell, I will take great care in doing so. We hope that finally we will
be successful. I would like to clarify two things, ladies and gentlemen. Similarly, the provision of support for human capital – in particular in terms of education and training – has the potential to complement
our investment in infrastructure. There are very often excessive direct and indirect labour costs; the difficulty of gaining access to capital and to loans; the low purchasing power of the poorest households
and the unattractive level of return for certain types of services. &#160;&#160; – Mr President, you are aware of the biblical story in which a people wandered in the desert for 40 years. For it to be worthwhile
extending plant running time, and hence increasing production, a demand has to exist. It seems to me that we - that is, Parliament, Council and Commission - share the basic view that we will certainly continue
to support our long-standing partner, Lebanon, in this very critical phase. How are we to react to this? In so doing, we are strengthening our commitment and presenting a united response to the challenges
faced by Afghanistan and Pakistan. However, it is also a good time for the same reason, by which I mean that the European Union has an opportunity at this precise moment to respond to people's fundamental
need for safety within the EU, and for legitimacy combined with an ability to act outside its own borders. There is no better indication of how humane a society is, how closely it observes human rights,
than the degree to which it respects the rights of those who have violated society's basic rules. From the platform of this House I now appeal to both sides of the conflict in Ukraine - president Yushchenko
and Yulia Timoshenko, both symbols of the Orange Revolution, and to premier Yanukovich, representative of the ruling coalition - to resolve this crisis through negotiation. For Europe alone we are talking
about EUR 200 billion per year. The Commission has on several occasions reminded the Member States of the importance of properly implementing the removal of specified risk material. We must not be hypocritical
about this. Mr President, yet again in the case of Albania, Europe looked like an economic giant with political feet of clay. That is the major difference between what has happened on other occasions and
what is happening now. However, I have rightly pointed out that over many years, the socialists have been responsible for blocking the implementation of clear transparency rules relating to hedge funds
and private equity and I have given examples of this. Drawing to a close, I should like to focus on a number of challenges which you reiterated, Mrs Schroedter. I find it to be a patchy proposal which, by
intervening primarily in the textile and leather sectors, would risk not being effective enough, since this aid could generate fresh tensions due to the new instances of poverty it would generate in Europe
and would further hamstring the European textile sector, which is already in serious decline. In the meantime, however, several fellow Members of other groups have informed me that they wished to be able
to vote on certain paragraphs. &#160;&#160; Mr President, I strongly oppose putting the issue of the Slovakian police on the agenda of this House as it is clearly a matter of the rule of law and democracy. For
that purpose, it prejudges the application of a 'carrot and stick' policy towards immigrants. The EU will need to make tracks in deciding in favour of rules that are in the interest of the consumer and
farmer. Would you please repeat your invitation to him to take the microphone. The European consumer must be made to realise that purchasing counterfeit products has a damaging effect at various levels,
himself included. But the Kurdish question as such is of course enormously complex and complicated, with broad repercussions in all directions. With their accumulated human capital, the active workers from
the new European Union Member States have the ability to stimulate long-term economic growth. We all recall events like the Cod Wars between the UK and Iceland, which happened in particular before the introduction
of the common fisheries policy. I was able to reach an agreement with the Liberals to the effect that their amendment would be adopted although in modified form. The Socialist Group, the Greens, the liberals
and anyone else celebrating the change in certain Commissioners as a victory for democracy, are deceiving people about the policy and character of the ΕU. In fact, I believe that if it were not for FRONTEX,
there would be far more people who would drown or perish than is already the case. Our efforts must also be focused on long-term restructuring outcomes and the transition to a more sustainable economy -
flexibility is also crucial for long-term policy. When we add this to the demographic trends within the European Union, global economic change and technological innovation, we can see that we are facing
considerable challenges. We must not weaken the rules we adopt here, through democratic debate, by allowing the territorial authorities variable-geometry application, even on an exceptional basis. If this
was the case, the financial resources that are envisaged in the programme would be entirely insufficient, particularly with regard to the enlargement of the European Union to include the CEECs. Mr President,
the European Commission also believes that the Palestinian leaders have taken the right decision in the interests of the Palestinian people by postponing the 4 May date for proclaiming a state. The Council
will continue to pursue discreet but firm diplomacy and will continue its policy of encouraging all forms of progress towards democracy and the rule of law. Mr President, allow me first of all to congratulate
the rapporteur, Mrs Quisthoudt Rowohl, for the excellent work carried out and for her availability to find compromise solutions able to include the various requests, the various sensitivities. In this regard,
too, we observed quite clearly where our difficulties lie. It is not of course up to the Union to help out the Albanian people financially when their gambling goes wrong. I would ask Members to address the
Council with questions and not to make statements regarding the likes or dislikes of other Members because these naturally call for a response. I think that the European Union would not do itself any favours
if the subject of the directive were to be limited to biometric risks and I can honestly see no reason why other forms of pension schemes could not be included in the same directive, as I pointed out a
moment ago. The candidates which, all things being equal, will be taking part in the European elections as fully-fledged members in 2004, will soon be able to send observers to this Parliament, something
to which we are very much looking forward. Finally, on behalf of myself and the Presidency, I would like to thank you very much for the opportunity to come here to the European Parliament to present our
views. Why is the Commission trying to complete the budgetary adjustments even before the report of the European Court of Auditors on the modernisation of the accounting system is published on 23&#160;October
2006? Raising the level of payment appropriations by more than the 3.5% decided by the Council would in no way help to reduce the RAL. This does not sit well with the fact that in most EU countries CO2 concentrations
have done nothing but rise since 1990. The figures show that it clearly is not. Furthermore, an important innovation in the new Council Regulation is that the contribution of autochthonous coal to the objective
of energy security must be carried out within the framework of sustainable development. That is the billion-dollar question. I take it from you that it is very unlikely that any agreement could be reached. It
seems to me that the fundamental human rights mentioned are protected. In your country, too, Mr Špidla, you must put a stop to the practice of passing off opportunistic screening as EU screening. Mr President-in-Office
of the Council, will you not recommend that some emergency measure should be adopted? &#160;&#160; Mr President, I am wearing several hats this morning, so I apologise for the confusion. Each Member State
will be responsible for what it organises over the coming months. And government without the people is government without democracy. Their usefulness also depends crucially on the way in which they are designed. Now
that the war in Iraq has ended, the emphasis shifts to rebuilding and reconstruction. We also oppose the ambition which is evident from this and from other reports to charge EU institutions with international
responsibilities which are already vested in existing international organisations of which all the EU Member States are members, such as the UN, OSCE and the Council of Europe. The Commission's report on
the safety of Temelin also confirms that Austria's misgivings about the reactor are justified. It really is a very big problem that the animal health system is not functioning properly with regard to third
countries. In particular, the Commission could in principle have accepted the following three items. The British Conservative Delegation is particularly keen to protect children and their rights, and the
standards which are applied in the UK are generally very high. The second point, if I have understood correctly, is whether or not this decision adversely affects the Lomé Agreements. Mutual recognition
is important in order to ensure that these programmes function successfully. The White Paper is not just about freight; it is about striking a balance between the various modes of transport by the year
2010. The number of requests for asylum peaked in 1992, and has since decreased every year. There is really no reason to wait to proceed with the Commission. This will expand the single market in fishery
products and their by-products. If you believe it to be appropriate, and you probably do, we can send out a circular explaining it. At the beginning of this year, the foreign ministers, too, took this into
account when they called on the Commission and the High Representative to include Armenia, Azerbaijan and Georgia in the new ‘Wider Europe’ initiative. Look at me: I work all day, from six in the morning
until two the following morning. Let us think of him when we work to ensure that the unity of the new Europe is based on equal treatment and equal opportunities. Forest fires frequently occur in southern
Europe and floods are a regular occurrence in the central part of our continent. The EU has become a single veterinary zone. Madam President, likewise, if I could have the same forbearance. At the 4th World
Conference on Women, which took place in Beijing in 1995, a clear agenda was drawn up, aimed at promoting equal rights between men and women, for the first time. Mr President, we have two problems: energy
supply and emissions. My predecessor as United Nations Special Rapporteur, Professor Abdelfattah Amor from Tunisia, has already asked if there is anything that people have not done throughout history 'in
the name of religion'. Imposing an earlier deadline for opening up the railway networks for national goods traffic – 2006 rather than 2008 – is not acceptable, any more than is the introduction of a deadline
for national passenger traffic, for which 2008 has been suggested. So far we have received 140 different contributions from trade unions, non-governmental organisations, Member States and employers’ organisations,
as well as the contribution from the European Parliament itself, which will certainly be one of the key elements in drawing up an action plan. I believe the situation created by this fishing plan would
be feasible only for large tuna-fishing vessels that exclusively catch tuna, not for small craft intended for tuna and other fish. Madam President, President-in-Office of the Council, President of the Commission,
ladies and gentlemen, the success of the Danish Presidency is, in my view, undeniable. At the last meeting of the Committee on Foreign Affairs in Brussels on 21 June, attended by Commissioner Rehn, I asked
for and received an assurance of the commitment to the timetable for enlargement, in spite of the failure of the European Constitution. This requirement exists in order to guard against a particular view
being taken of what actually constitutes an offence. Here, however, CITES will need to work closely with regional fisheries bodies and the UN Food and Agriculture Organisation. Obviously, there is a need
for a coordinating organisation, which is why, at first reading, Parliament recommended a mechanism called the Health Coordination and Monitoring Centre which would, of course, operate under the Commission
and the programme. All the states should protect their minorities living within them. These are not reservations on the substance, nor are they reservations on the principles. Fiscal consolidation must be
teamed with government investment and other collective spending if we want to create more jobs and avoid excessive socio-economic instability. That is like spitting in Parliament's face and we cannot respond
by saying 'Yes, sir, great pleasure'. 'Cannot stress enough the fundamental principle that all Members should be equally provided with full and quality services allowing them to work and express themselves
and to receive documents in their native language ...'; At the same time, I hear you painting an erroneous picture of the consequences of these amendments to the Posting of Workers Directive. The Commission
believes it positive that in the Regulation, unlike the current one, criteria are established to maintain these agreements, especially in cases which are more favourable to the person affected. We know,
and you know, that some national legislation in the field of taxation and social security may, by virtue of its content or nature, have repercussions for the operation of the internal market. My colleague,
Mrs Ayuso González, has really done an excellent job. Mr President, after having voted in favour of the motion for a resolution on the EU-Russia Summit, I still regret that the amendment I proposed as a
new recital was rejected by the rapporteur. Yet this is strange reasoning given that it is tantamount to accepting the deaths of those consumers who misread the labels and is clearly an unacceptable abdication
of the State' s responsibilities. Since they are mostly generic in nature, they can be used in any kind of health threat and they are therefore a good investment on the part of the Member States and the
Community that will not go to waste. Formal sitting - Celebration of the European Parliament's fiftieth anniversary That is why it is so important for some countries to integrate more closely, as we put
it, if we want European unification to take place within the confines of the European Union rather than outside them. Mr Telkämper has mentioned some very specific points about these recommendations and
I am of course in agreement with him. Everything concerning the food industry has become clearly more sensitive, and I therefore think our request is justified. As I said, I am extremely pleased. It is an
evil that affects all of us. I am also doing this with the feeling and conviction that we must make sure we only talk about a 'no' of two countries, because feelings among citizens and concerns are a reality. They
include amongst others aid for production, rural development and export refunds. (RO) The report presents both scientific data and recommendations for combating climate change, referring both to adaptation
and the reduction in the causes of this problem. My firm commitment to the issue is confirmed by the fact that the 2007 budget establishing a specific programme to fight against crime foresees four projects
in the field of prevention and fight against crime in specific areas, including trafficking. Secondly, I agree totally with the Commissioner when he said that we must transport our safety standards throughout
the world, because if something happens in the Gulf of Mexico or anywhere else, we are not immune to the fall-out from it. I allowed the groups' spokespersons to speak for longer than planned, without paying
too much attention to the speaking time, due to the importance of the debate. It would be different if we were always talking about projects of national interest. On the other hand those who do not have
such training will remain marginalized and condemned to unemployment and low-skill jobs. This will enable users, before they pick up the receiver, to see from the number displayed whether the caller is
someone they know, and whether they wish to take the call. I believe it is essential to protect our water, and work in that direction must continue. The Commission' s starting point in applying the precautionary
principle is the need to ensure a high level of protection in the fields of environmental, human, animal and plant health. On 25 October we are meant to be celebrating the European Day of Civil Justice. More
than a billion people have to get by on less than one euro a day. I call on Turkey to give us, the European Parliament, and Europe a chance to help it overcome this problem, but Turkey must also show willing. The
institutions continue to work to find the appropriate instruments to obtain the most value added for employment creation from the initiatives. There are in fact cases of scandal and disputes concerning
stolen works of art that go back decades. Even where we do have appropriate laws, their enforcement at Member State level falls behind the legal requirements of the European Union. In addition, every EU
initiative on a Brussels level has regional and local effects. Indeed, questions such as the mad cow crisis, the problem of genetically modified maize and the fight against tobacco addiction are all issues
which relate to health policy. Competition: Sector inquiry on retail banking ( in writing. - (PT) I voted in favour of this report as I believe that the final text of the regulation, as approved by the Conciliation
Committee, represents a balanced compromise which ensures adequate protection for bus and coach passengers, recognising an important set of rights for them, specifically in the event of accident, cancellation
or delay, with regard to access to information and the submission and treatment of complaints, and with regard to the needs of people with disabilities and people with reduced mobility. Workers would therefore
have no job security and no safety net to stop them falling into the dole queue once their contractor's licence has expired. This may be true, but Europe does not take any notice of the democratic voice
of the people. I think it is wrong to vote on such a technical text at such short notice, which is why I have serious reservations about voting on it now. First the countries on the verge of development
must be helped over the threshold, since the broader the shoulders which carry the development aid, the better that aid will be for all. &#160;&#160; Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, we should also be
asking ourselves in what ways Hong Kong and the Doha round can help us achieve the Lisbon objectives. We rapporteurs have therefore decided to vote for the text that reflects our commitment, endorsing the
ambitious mandate of the Parliament, but not to put the legislative resolution to the vote. I have nothing to add to what the Minister has said. I do not see why we should make a long term exception - lasting
well into the next decade - precisely for such dirty, environmentally hazardous vehicles. This point is not, of course, made in the Paciotti report, but I wanted to take advantage of the opportunity to
raise the issue. You said your 'colleagues responsible for the matter. For in that case he or she would, of course, not be elected, because more votes against than votes in favour do not constitute a relative
majority. Feedingstuffs from this warehouse were delivered to 90 producers of organic products through a firm that supplies to the organic sector. In the Swedish constitution and in Swedish debate, the freedom
to supply information is acknowledged as an indispensable part of any effective supervision of the democratic and public system. With the climate, the financial market crisis, the Treaty of Lisbon and the
new Commission, you have had really difficult tasks and issues to deal with. The people responsible for this have not been identified and the seriousness of the situation demands objective elucidation on
the part of the Commission. The current European problems are the free movement of labour and the free movement of capital and services. On the basis of this idea of national plans, I feel we could achieve
better governance. I take the point about the Commission's proposals and I look forward to discussing this further with the Commission when we have a result from Copenhagen. As for the priorities themselves,
they are those imposed by the European Union: repaying private creditors, reassuring the markets, dismantling social security and accelerating liberalisation at every turn, in keeping with the EU 2020
strategy. Nevertheless, if necessary, the Commission should not hesitate to extend the special purchase scheme for beef - a programme which was set up in the aftermath of the BSE crisis and which expires
at the end of the year - by six months, either through an SAB or a transfer of appropriations, even though it is proposed in the Letter of Amendment No 2 to cancel the billion euros initially earmarked
for any additional needs related to BSE. The selection of projects, in particular, is problematic. Reservations might also be entertained about the way in which the process has been conducted and about the
fact that it has sometimes been conducted behind closed doors, as has been the case, on the whole, where the conciliation procedure is concerned. The second pillar is then the IST programme - the Information
Society Technology programme, whose task is to guarantee that we will have state-of-the-art technologies and applications available in Europe. Although the Council recognises that the European Union and
the United States do not see eye to eye concerning the Kyoto Protocol and the ratification thereof, despite this, the Council welcomes the pledge, made by President Bush during a recent meeting with the
EU Heads of State and Government leaders, that the United States will not block the Kyoto process, and will cooperate during the forthcoming session of the Conference of the Parties in Bonn in a constructive
manner. However, we do not live in a perfect world, the amount of fuel is falling and the price of fuel is rising, but we have to do something today in order to halt climate change. We are well aware of
the improvements that have yet to be made. These interim steps which I have just outlined would enable us to keep the process alive and to be ready, when the time comes, to resume work for a complete round. And
whom will this dialogue affect exactly? Mr President, it remains for me to be the last on the speakers' list for the European People's Party/European Democrats this evening, and as an Irish MEP I suppose
there is some rationale to that. However, the MEDI-FAKE action in December 2008 may have had an impact in this area. Carbon storage, biomass, as well as investments in reducing the quantities of fertilisers
used are just some examples of the way in which agriculture is affected by this problem. If, for social reasons, the wine-growing countries wish to support their growers, then of course they have every
right to do so, but to make taxpayers contribute in this way, over and above what they pay to purchase the wine, is nothing short of grotesque. It thereby resolved all the main outstanding political issues
which were left open after the first part of the conference in The Hague last November. This can be achieved if the European economy is sufficiently competitive, innovative and based on high standards of
quality. We abstained on the resolution. The amount of payments, at less than EUR 130 billion, or 0.99% of GDP, is very skimpy and cannot support hopes for the development of European policy. However, the
exporter can have a far-reaching influence on the organization behind the transportation process, for example, by demanding an agreement to ensure that the transporting company is obliged to make good
the loss of any export subsidy which may result from negligence or maltreatment of animals. That is a massive amount. Turkey is also important to us as a strategic partner in the Middle East peace process,
which can undoubtedly be promoted appropriately by means of Turkey’s path towards EU membership. For all the above reasons, the CSU Members cannot at this time vote in favour of Romania joining the European
Union. I do wonder whether there is much point in debating this communication, which was presented by the Commission nearly a year ago - on 14 November 1997, to be precise. So the 100 %, which we cannot
do anything to change, is included there. This has already been done, in 1991 in Iraq - with the support of the US, you will remember - to protect the people living in the north of the country. I believe
that this legislation shows us that we need action on a number of areas: (a) we urgently need to continue work on migration testing and research into chronic toxicity and the behaviour of children; (b)
we need to review and update this legislation periodically and as gaps in knowledge are filled, where necessary add new substances to the ban in the Commission's legislation. We regret the fact that it
has not been possible to bring about the acceptance of a legal basis specifically for the promotion of border regions, without which the longer-term funding of measures will be impossible. In important
ways, therefore, efficiency is the enemy of democracy. The importance of the arts and artistic education in building a better society goes hand in hand with its impact on economic life. In short, this series
of recommendations adapts the scheme previously in force to current requirements, and I therefore believe it would be useful to have it transposed speedily. Mr President, one of the things that fill me
with pride at being a European and belonging to the European Union is the clear stand we have taken and continue to take in this part of the world against the death penalty. There are still problems caused
by the tensions that have been created between the various countries in the Caribbean. These are quality cars and quality drivers, and we know that those drivers are very professional. Gender must not be
used as an actuarial factor in calculating premiums and benefits. This is not the result of chance, or even of the Member States' remarkable efforts regarding convergence. I do not trust unelected bureaucrats
behind the scenes who have meetings for which I do not have any minutes. This bilateral agreement is very important both for Switzerland itself and the European Union, because the young people of Switzerland
will be able to take advantage of various opportunities according to the 'Youth in Action' programme and vice versa. This reserve accumulates resources across a number of budget categories. At that time,
Arafat was still regarded as a terrorist, he was barred from obtaining a visa to go to the United Nations headquarters in America and there was no general consensus regarding the diplomatic strategies
to be adopted. In addition, it is crucial that Member States are allowed the necessary discretion and flexibility to decide for themselves their own goals and political measures, while reaching broad Community
targets. The tenants are most often elderly people, often also ill, who were not given the opportunity of pre-emptive purchase. Having read what was in the papers this morning in my country, I have to say
that not only was the French Presidency mistaken about Poland' s and Spain' s vote weighting, for which the President has, in fact, offered his apologies, but problems have emerged which are both numerous
and embarrassing. Mr President, your predecessor, Pat Cox, put much effort into modernising our House. Secondly, I have specifically said, not only in this House now, but over many years and also in the
actions I have taken in the twelve weeks I have been the person responsible in the Commission, that we are definitely not satisfied with the number of women in senior posts or indeed in the "A" categories
generally in the Commission. The European Union must take the initiative and must also, as demanded in the motion, propose this initiative to the G7 because it is primarily a political question. In one war
we have terrible pictures, even if they are mostly only pictures from Serbian television, of destruction, of a war conducted by air and with bombs. Again, it sends a message to the Member States to improve
their criminal law in an appropriate way and to allow sensitivity to local traditions in law. The second principal concern about this report is that Daul's amendments extended the current regime until 2005-6
contrary to the Commission's proposal of an interim regime lasting 2 years. It is an interesting message to give to the British people. &#160;&#160; Mr President, since we last met, a Member State of this
Union, the Republic of Ireland, has been shamefully harbouring three convicted international terrorists. I welcome the proposal to amend the existing regulation and clear up the definition of 'organic'. Thank
you, Mr Flynn, for your presence here today, for your answers, and for having accepted the suggestions that you visit the two lovely Spanish cities of Granada and Valencia - for different reasons, but
both very interesting. We managed to secure all our demands and as such to preserve the institutional balance of the Union, while reinforcing the control of subsidiarity. We do not like to rock the boat,
but we had the chance today to take a stand and to say that control of the press by the Italian Prime Minister is a clear abuse. Events would seem to support that conclusion. We, in the Committee on Legal
Affairs and the Internal Market, considered that contract law was probably too narrow a scope and that it would not be sufficient to produce harmonisation of private law in general, which is necessary,
as Mr Lehne pointed out, above all within the framework of the introduction of the euro and of the generalisation of European contracts. Every ideology which does not respect human dignity and human life
deserves condemnation and is fundamentally unacceptable. For that reason the EU has welcomed Azerbaijan as a partner in the European Neighbourhood Policy and is following with interest the development of
its internal politics. Species and habitats, especially forests, are still declining across the world and this underlines the pressing need for agreement on a forest convention. On the evidence of the unsuccessful
experience of the International Monetary Fund in attempting to create a single universal model, it is doubtful whether we should try to create an economic strategy model on a European scale. I believe that
this is profoundly amoral. The British tobacco industry should have an even playing field with the tobacco manufacturers in the rest of the European Union and should not be penalised. Mr Hänsch has just
spoken in support of this request. in writing. - We have all witnessed the plight of Coptic Christians in Egypt in the last months. It is the intention that political consensus be reached on the whole package
concerning the internal market for electricity and gas at the meeting of the Energy Council on 25 November. It knows no borders, and tainted money changes hands across regions and countries. In fact they
are not quite sure how it is made in their own Member States either. Active safety could be improved by carrying out ramp inspections at airports to check whether aircraft are airworthy, and we must ensure
that there is a sound basis for the inspections and any consequences they might have for operators. Such deaths devastate families and tear the heart out of communities. This hope sprang partly from the
fact that we have economic relations with Nigeria and that new agreements were concluded. (FR) There are questions that will not go away; nor will the historic wounds that remain open in the Armenian community
throughout the world. Member States just have to take this model and copy it, so the cost to them will not be very great. In his opinion, they are criteria derived from a deflationary ideology which establishes
economic and monetary dogmas which go beyond a reasonable fight against inflation. Secondly, I want to thank you, Mr Duisenberg, and the Executive Board for your good cooperation with Parliament and especially
with our Committee, although there is room for improvement on both sides. The fight against terrorism and against illegal immigration have clearly dominated the Justice and Home Affairs agenda. They have
both made a significant contribution to the discussion on new cohesion policy for 2014-2020 that is under way. It is of course gratifying to have a show of respect for the constant work - seven days a week
and 20 hours a day - and for what we achieved at the European Council last week. It therefore asked Parliament to consider the implications of such a sunset clause carefully. We need to face up to the need
to continue with our joint action with regard to family law, as close as possible to the citizens, and to balance this need against the risk of fragmentation of the European area of justice that could
result from a series of enhanced cooperation agreements. We take the view that, as a rule, the subject of the missile defence system should be discussed within NATO rather than within the European Union. One
simple example: were it in force, were the Charter of Fundamental Rights in force, the Court of Justice could not have taken the Viking and Laval decisions, which are so detrimental for workers. We therefore
need a bolder programme which calls for faster adjustment and which will provide serious development aid in the form of a European Marshall Plan. These are all points that we should bear in mind and which
I do not think have come out during this debate. He began as head of the Irish Government a few days after the Amsterdam European Council, which was the first failed attempt at a serious reform of the European
institutions. This translates into a total cost of only EUR 620 000. Our local authorities, police and health agencies will do everything possible at the local level to combat illegal drugs supply and misuse,
but they will not win the war against drugs until we at the European level bring about the necessary cooperation between governments, law enforcement agencies and banks to stop the bankrolling which is
behind the scourge of the drugs trade. The 'all-drug' approach has revealed its limitations with the increasing levels of resistance to antibiotics and vaccines. I invite you to take the Chair, which is
rightfully yours. If we are to launch these reforms with a vengeance, I fear the worst for Europe' s competitiveness. We are dealing with the question of how to provide ourselves, in the future, with the
resources for devising a global economic policy which takes full account of the interdependence of the European economies, not simply as the sum of national situations, because in a European economy, one
plus one does not equal two. Although the amendments made to Mr Jarzembowski' s report take into consideration certain problems that I have just raised, in my opinion they are far from adequate. The humanitarian
assistance that we have provided over recent months has definitely been useful. The debate and the Fava report also show that we are still not agreed by a long shot on the use of airspace and the rules
for air traffic control. Today - after 17 months of negotiations - we note great progress. We will not fulfil this objective if we do not have the courage to implement the Lisbon Strategy in full. This cyber
reality is a world of its own which is strongly rooted in the real world but with some independent characteristics which must be included in a comprehensive trade policy of the European Union. We must have
sufficient funding to enable these individuals to study throughout Europe and to build a future for their country whenever such an opportunity arises, and whenever Belarus regains its independence. You
have a mandate from every party and group in this House to tackle the problem of the increasing pollution of the skies and the damage to the lives of those who live around airports as a result of the current
situation. Where the journey recorders are concerned, we still have the old model of oral contact, with someone having to ask: what is actually meant by what the recorder says? I take note of your contributions
and assure you that you will always have the Spanish Government, which will hold the rotating Presidency of the European Union until 30 June, working with you to achieve a more sustainable future for all
of us. Mr President, I would like to dwell mainly on the issue of immigration, rather than asylum, and consider the issue as a whole rather than examining the situation in these specific countries. In EMEA,
the European Medicines Agency, problems were found with the management of procurement procedures. Besides removing barriers to trade we also have to promote the spread of fair trade products in the Union. The
increased dependence of our society on technological evolutions is giving rise to new forms of terrorism. This is the only way we can guarantee that the political forces which are currently working in an
unorganised manner, outside any institutions, will return to normal political life and end up working in Kosovo within a democratic society. Mr President, if the Council is to maintain the text, the Committee
on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market was unanimous in wishing to reject this proposal, both for technical and political reasons. Quite apart from anything else, this principle has been confirmed in
rulings by the Court of Justice. My Group Chairman has said: we are against an accelerated stabilisation and association agreement for Serbia without cooperation with the ICTY. We called for the protection
of the opposition and adopted parallel strategies in support of democratic forces. In it we find, for example, the so-called third generation of fundamental rights: data protection, guarantees on bioethics,
on good and transparent administration. Secondly, and with regard to the European search and arrest warrant, agreements between governments will be replaced with recognition and cooperation between their
various judicial systems. In addition, it is essential to appoint an independent and impartial committee to investigate Mr Chebeya Bahizire's death and the fate of his driver, who disappeared. I know that
nobody likes Fridays. Professor Cabrol thinks it is most important that a doctor should be consulted before a medicinal product is taken. I should also like to comment on the legal instrument - the regulation
- because it is exceptional and historic and there are very special reasons: reasons of speed - post-Lisbon summit - and reasons of technical consistency which I think we all appreciate and understand. The
limited budgetary margins of our Member States are not just a constraint - they are also a challenge to do better, to act more effectively, and so in other words to think about some of our policies. Mr
President, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to begin by thanking Mr Macartney for his report and for his work during Parliament's second reading of the proposal. Our work is far from easy, as you were
insinuating, and we are not looking for easy solutions. We also need traffic by sea. The proposal now before us contains a great deal of what we wished for, but it departs from what we want on one crucial
point, namely when it comes to the possibility of paying national tax. It is, then, of course, our task to ensure, as partners rather than as guardians, that universal human rights really are applied throughout
the world. ) Mr President, I would like to answer Manuel Medina Ortega' s and Efstratios Korakas' questions simultaneously, as both questions concern the risks connected with the construction of nuclear
power plants, in this case, one planned in Morocco and one in Turkey. Mr President, today we are discussing two new international fishing protocols between the European Union and third countries: Guinea
and Mauritius, the Atlantic Ocean and the Indian Ocean. This is a small step in that direction. We have a nationalized telephone system. It is in particular the fact that we are in step with the Americans
that means we are on the right track when it comes to doing our bit to reduce distortions in competition. The other major package of issues, to which I referred at the beginning, is everything that concerns
institutional affairs, the debate on the future of Europe and the reform of the Council. And I think even the Member States that today are against criminalizing the buying of sex could introduce this as
a criminal offence. It is therefore important for Commissioner Papoutsis to have an instrument available, in relation to his colleague Mr van den Broek of DG I A, in order to also impose horizontal coordination. It
is the Greens. The pact itself has not changed, but an estimate of those budgets is now available to us. It is precisely for that reason, indeed, that I proposed that we should convene the Mediterranean
Forum. We have submitted an amendment to insert that, so that it is also clear in the Chamber, and so that people know what they are voting about. The French Prime Minister has also indicated that France
would anticipate this movement by lifting these restrictions in a gradual and controlled manner. This sometimes results in bizarre situations. (Explanation of the vote abbreviated in accordance with Rule
137(1) of the Rules of Procedure) That is something that the Socialist Group in the European Parliament has been advocating for several years. It is worthwhile noting that our Member States in fact agree
that when speaking about enlargement it is of the utmost importance to make clear to all candidates without exception that as far as their application is concerned, the application is accepted. We are calling
for the environmental issues so crucial to the future of Europe to be taken into account in all projects. Twenty years after the fall of the Berlin Wall, it is wonderful to see you in this position. But
in my view the Commission's White Paper is not about that. Mr Monti, I have two supplementary questions on the question we have just heard. I would like us to ... Clearly, I will - as I told you, Mr Liese
- following thorough examination, put forward a strong, political action for consideration by the Council. Public consultation was not a drawback; it accelerated the proceedings. A5-0095/1999 by Messrs Bourlanges
and Virrankoski, on behalf of the Committee on Budgets, on Madam President, may I remind all those present, and yourself, that in this week 55 years ago a forgotten concentration camp, located in our immediate
vicinity here, was liberated. Subject: Refinement of the rules governing motor-vehicle insurance in the internal market I do not want you to help, I want you to do something so that we end up with a different
strategy which we can then also secure through our trade policy. We are pleased to note that the representatives of the acceding countries are also fully involved in this work. Freedom of the press, as we
have seen at this latest conference, is non-existent and torture is practised in Tunisian jails. And from this point of view, I think that we must ask three preliminary questions: first the question of
cost: it has obviously not been clearly raised. If we are to make our presence felt in the WTO, we need to be trustworthy, but people are only trustworthy if they are worth trusting. To what extent, therefore,
Commissioner, are you prepared to urge the French and Spanish Governments to fulfil their obligations and give due priority to the route we are talking about? The struggle against trafficking of women and
children is a moral question as well, and I have no doubt that it is our duty to intervene against it. In this respect, we would have to re-examine the real overall contribution of this modification to
Community legislation. These are just a few comments I wanted to make on the situation currently unfolding. I support this, without changing even a single parameter. Switzerland is therefore building an investment
pyramid in the same way as a number of former-Communist countries did some years ago. I do not actually think that it is necessary to take any money from agriculture in order to finance a decent programme
within the amounts of money set out - EUR 5.5 billion - considering what the obligations of the Union are, what the Member States will put up and what is likely to be called upon because of the situation
in Serbia. In relation to this, I am among those who are decidedly in favour of the Union giving its support to the work of the Court. They have probably been killed. This includes the majority of the Baltic
States. &#160;&#160; In addition to the amendment that was introduced a moment ago adding another item to be voted on tomorrow at 11.00 a.m. and which obviously changes the order of business, there are
other amendments that I shall now explain. I am pleased that we have succeeded in introducing a joint resolution supported by almost all the groups, because it is important to express our opposition to
the legislation and to support lesbians, gay men and transgender people in Uganda. The ELDR Group is therefore opposed to the overwhelming majority of the tabled amendments, because these threaten to undermine
the very balanced text. We did not engage in any debate on the principles involved in liberalizing drugs policy, because such a debate would have had little focus and would not really have solved any of
the problems. What exactly is the aim of the directive? I will finish by saying that the process of convergence of private law and in particular European contract law is a reality, driven both by Community
law and by the development of comparative analysis studies. Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to start by expressing my sincere thanks to our rapporteur Mr Busk for the
truly constructive, collegial and - in my opinion - very good work he has done in cooperation with the other members of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development. The House services tell me that
we do in fact have a problem with the electronic vote-counting procedure, and thus I would ask you to be patient for a few seconds until the problem has been solved. Clear-cut, transparent eligibility and
allocation criteria for social housing are in the interest of the beneficiaries and ensure the proper use of public funds. Notwithstanding this, however, I believe that the political will now exists throughout
the institutions to reach final agreement on this text quickly, thus putting in place a comprehensive framework for information and consultation throughout the Community. I know that the people of Albania
and Bosnia and Herzegovina are disappointed. The CoR is urged to carry out a comprehensive review of expenditure in 2011 in all areas of activity, in order to ensure that all expenditure is beneficial and
to ascertain possible savings, because this would reduce pressure on the budget in this period of austerity. I also agree with those who maintain that there are financial risks involved, and that the grants
are too small. Mr President, in the context of the long-suffering continent of Africa and, in particular, for the whole subcontinent of southern Africa, the Republic of South Africa stands out as a crucial
factor for political stability and for development. This will have a tragic impact on the already severely eroded income of small and medium-sized producers, who will be forced to abandon the sector, causing
agricultural production to shrink and eroding standards. Broadband Internet is now a real option. This, surely, seems to be a targeted strategy by some groups to drive away this population group. The Waddington,
Pack, De Coene and Castagnetti reports on work-linked training and apprenticeship, life-long learning, transnational education, guest teachers and so on contain a number of fine proposals. I will not comment
on Mr&#160;Wolfowitz’s suitability to lead the World Bank, but the European Union’s initial hostility to him has softened. Mr President, I should just like to say before Mr Bangemann speaks that it was
remiss of me in my speech when I thanked people for their assistance to omit to mention the Commission. The incineration of these fossil fuels is a major contributing factor to global warming. The starting
point of the Greens has always been that working hours reductions are beneficial for many different reasons. The parliamentary elections which were held in Belarus in September do not appear to have lived
up to international standards, something which was also highlighted by international observers. What is more, the freedom of the press in Turkey is under severe pressure. (The sitting was suspended at 12.30
p.m.) Should we not reflect carefully before fulfilling these requirements, for maybe a little more heat in our world would be a good thing? Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, this is a classic
subject on which European institutions are staking their reputation with industrialists, with workers and with European consumers. As far as possible, the Commission will take into account the detailed
amendments proposed by the Committee on Constitutional Affairs. If we cannot solve this, the problem will of course continue to exist. We have reached a point where it has become vital to take action in
order to stop this decline. The aim of promoting labour participation for women and creating equal opportunities for different groups throws up new dilemmas. By 15&#160;July, all the countries in the Western
Balkans will have seen our formal proposal to the Council. For the benefit of the next Parliament, it asks the questions raised by this proposal for maximum harmonisation and highlights the risk that some
countries perceive of a weakening in the protection of their own consumers. Because we would do no differently, we would also seek our fortune somewhere else instead of dying of hunger or in poverty. Fisheries
must no longer be regarded as a mere appendage of agriculture. I see two fundamental problems: one of perception and approach, which simplifies national minority rights to human rights. In this respect,
I am in total agreement with the conclusions of the rapporteur. I mean that of preparing a Central Bank to be capable of beginning the single monetary policy in early 1999. Africa has the largest number
of refugees in the world, the most overall poverty and a debilitating AIDS epidemic. There are some here who are refusing to support this research in a bid to fight against abortion. There are three issues
of great concern to the Greens. Subject: EU agriculture budget paying for the UN mission in Kosovo Will the EU use appropriations from the agriculture budget to pay for the UN mission to Kosovo? Mr President,
the issues discussed at Tampere are obviously of great concern to all decent law-abiding people: asylum, immigration, cross-border crime and not least the death-dealing drug-smuggling activities of the
loathsome drug barons. This work is advanced in all major areas within the competence of the central banks. The principle has finally been unanimously accepted by the Member States; a quite broad consensus
was in favour of allocating around 100 million tonnes, or the counterpart or equivalent. I know it is sacrilege to invite DG III and DG XII to the same table, but I do not think it is such a bad idea. Portugal's
request reached the Commission on 14 August and last week, in other words, two weeks later, we provided an emergency sum of EUR 31.6 million for aid, temporary accommodation, energy supply, repairs to
basic infrastructures and for animal feed, because everything has been devastated. The rapporteur supports the Digital Agenda's 'broadband for all' objectives, taking the view that universal access to broadband
will improve social inclusion, create new opportunities for businesses and stimulate employment, just as she supports the emergency number and universal service. The European Commission is currently considering
the matter of the construction of two additional reactors at the Mochovce nuclear power plant. We have heard Mr Patten say no to more money unless there is a political settlement. Why did it refuse to host
EU observers if the elections are as democratic as it says they are? We also welcome the fact that there are no exemptions to the change-back obligation. It is not possible to enter here into the scientific
merits of the theory that our planet is undergoing climate change on a geological time scale – a theory about which researchers are not in agreement – partly because of the limitations of meteorological
observations in time and space. It was necessary to link the individual sections of the directive with the IMO requirements and other documents from the third maritime package and, at the same time, to
use the provisions of other binding documents that are in force in the European Union, e.g. in the area of the confidentiality of personal data. Mr President, here we have what is basically a good measure. This
view has just been confirmed by the President of the Commission himself. I welcome the report which correctly reflects our opinions on the evolution of ESDP in the future. When stressing the need for a sufficiently
confident and effective partnership with the Member States, I certainly do not mean that there should be, in certain Member States, campaigns that are not coordinated and are not harmonized with those
of other Member States. I think it would be a mistake to 'mix and match'; it would be a swindle for the voters and the public, because it would make it even plainer that this institution is simply a door
mat when it comes to the interests of Member States and governments. I would suggest that it is up to the other 18 Member States to put legislation in place to protect the soil and we should not necessarily
bring forward another directive. Nor can the Commission accept Amendments Nos 23, 24 and 25. Underlining the statistics in relation to the number of children at risk of poverty - 19 million in Europe - a
greater emphasis needs to be put on enshrining the paramount importance of the family and, emanating from this, defending family life. It is a death and a rebirth together, for other treaties arose from
this one, and at the end of the day, the European Union is based on what it had in mind. The Sixth VAT Directive allows traders who carry out taxable transactions in a given country to be the person liable
to pay tax to the appropriate authorities. Despite our support, Tbilisi must prove how strong the country's democratic system is in the January elections. On another question the committee is moving in the
wrong direction. There is no grass-roots understanding of why EU employees do not have to meet the demands for fresh thinking, flexibility and adaptation that apply in the rest of society. In recent months
six coordination meetings have been organized for directorsgeneral with responsibility for policies in other fields which have some connection with aspects of tourism. We do not feel that either of these
two methods fulfils these two conditions of soundness and sustainability. This patent thus opens the way for designer humans, for custom-made human beings. I can tell you that, as a MEP representing the
United Kingdom – where gas prices are three times the price of gas in the Netherlands and where factories have been warned that they may have to close for a while due to gas shortages. Successful companies
are those that adopt transparency criteria in their relations with the authorities and operate on the basis of codes of conduct and ethics, which are sometimes extremely stringent. Finally, I must point
out that this programme is being financed by three Member States only, namely the Netherlands, Germany and France. Not my Group, though; we have always submitted the relevant amendments. Therein lies the
problem which we often face, namely that decisions of the European Parliament as well as those of other European bodies are sometimes not as effective as they should be. Let me also be very clear about
the objectives of the strategy. When the Commission produces its draft, the Spanish Presidency will begin its discussions in the Council and with Parliament. However, the EPLP does not support the view that
the legal base should be Article 42 and 308. Yet the apparat of Europe in this House and in the palaces and chancelleries of the continent continues to trot out the same slogans about ever-closer union,
not to convince the voters, not even really to convince themselves - not any more - but simply because they do not know what else to do. It is all part of the preparation or assessment of political decisions
in the environmental sector in the area of food or public health. I have in mind inviting young people under the age of 24, and enabling them to live amongst us and learn from the experience. So, I hope
that, on the basis of the answer that I have been able to offer, some of her concerns over the approach that the British Presidency has taken on this important issue transpire to be misplaced. Well, that
is wonderful, I must say. We are not talking about the chef in the restaurant car but about railway personnel such as conductors and others who are responsible for passenger safety. Please be assured that
the presidency will listen very carefully to the views of MEPs and shares their sense of urgency and concern. Nearly ten million Europeans suffer today from dementia, with Alzheimer's the most common form. You
cannot teach children in schools that have no paper because it is banned. In the little time I have available, I would like to reply to a few of my fellow Members' comments on my report. At the same time,
however, we must cooperate actively with the Government of National Unity. The European elections will be taking place in a few months' time and I hope that they will be marked by lively and vigorous debate. Three
of them seemed to have more to do with getting British Conservatives onto the list, which is going ahead at present, than with budgetary rigour or budgetary sense. I must emphasise the great efforts that
have been made and the improvements that this regulation is going to bring passengers in general, above all, disabled persons or those with reduced mobility. I also want to thank the rapporteur for the
work she has done, even if I have not always understood the path she has chosen, the course she has subsequently charted and why the end result appears not to reflect the original, higher ambitions. It
must not and cannot suffer specific financial or economic interests, be they of individuals, governments or states. First, opt-in for unsolicited commercial e-mails and the question of traffic data retention
for law enforcement purposes. Moreover, the Seveso II directive contains the new provision recognising that the implications of major accident hazards should be taken into account in the land use planning
policies of the Member States. I too, of course, share everyone's view that the Roma should be treated correctly, but most of the problems mentioned in this report are attributable to a lifestyle, a way
of living, that these people have actively chosen. In statistical discrimination, the average differences, established at a given point in time, between groups, in this case groups of men and groups of
women, are made absolute as permanent assessment criteria for individuals. That means we also want Turkey's help to ensure that the Turkish Cypriots do not remain excluded from this big family, this community
of values. One European socialist speaker referred to the protection of common European values, and elaborated on his position to that end. It will also assess the situation of other social economy enterprises
and propose new actions if necessary. (By a series of votes, Parliament adopted the thirteen legislative resolutions) Above all, it regrets the breakdown of the peace negotiations between the government
and the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, the FARC. We now have a policy with BRIC - Brazil, Russia, India and China - that serves a Europe that wants to be a global political player. We need a broader
perspective and a long-term vision to tackle, together with the United States, the terrorist threat, while protecting the fundamental rights of individuals without putting them at risk. This is, in addition
to using set-aside land to grow protein plants, a step in the right direction, even if, in the opinion of the Group of the Greens, it is still not enough. If, in addition, we consider the competition which
came from television during the 1970s, it is not hard to see why hundreds, thousands of cinemas have been closed for so long. How many more Gotthards and Mont Blancs must go up in flames before they are
covered by strict legislation, by an effective system of controls which is both harmonised and trans-European? Mr President, the deportations of residents of the Baltic countries in 1941 was one of the
most dramatic and tragic events of the 20th century. These countries are being penalised, while an extra quota is being provided for the large producers of C sugar. We have revised Directive 2001/18/EC about
placing live GMOs on the market. Monetary union in Europe is far more, in my opinion, than a monetary arrangement. I would also stress that I would be pleased to see the admonitions addressed to Israel also
addressed to the Palestinians. Of course we will extend that to include industry from other countries. Mr Liese, I understand the problem. All of us present here know that it is impossible either for national
parliaments or for this Parliament to influence the mandate and the progress of this mission, or of future missions. I believe that the very swift adoption of this resolution is a good indicator of the
way in which we will be able to move on quickly to the other states and, in particular, to Bosnia and Herzegovina and to Albania, without forgetting, of course, Kosovo. What is also particularly important,
however, is of course that we aspire to have high-quality installations in Europe, that we do not become lazy about cogeneration, but instead set our sights as high as possible in order to achieve the
maximum possible savings. We all know that if economic interests gain ascendancy over political ones, democracy will suffer. But it is obvious that the railways will have to be geared far better to the needs
of the market if they are not to continue losing market share. I would therefore ask... A draft memorandum of understanding is to be signed, or initialled, at the forthcoming Helsinki Summit. These common
positions and values are creating important ties in terms of identity and solidarity and are encouraging both regions to exchange more and more of their own experiences and to combine their resources in
order to resolve common problems. Yesterday for instance there was a new threat, this time a death threat, that drove a young man and his family, who had already previously experienced such incidents, to
say that they wished to leave Serbia and seek political asylum. Another very important statement within this document is the call on the European Commission to change labelling rules for honey products
within the framework of quality policy. In this area, as in others, the agreement will fall short of being perfect; it will need to be improved gradually on the basis of practical assessment. Following the
publication of the Commission's Green Paper on criminal-law protection of the Community's financial interests and of the Convention's proposal to reform Article 280 of the Treaty, the establishment of
a new body is being proposed, one that will have the task of ensuring the protection of the Community's financial interests: a European Prosecutor. There were also a number of other points, including access
to humanitarian aid for all victims. The problem is a global one, however, and cannot be resolved without also involving the developing and recently industrialized countries. The Preussen Gloria. This, it
should be said, has been due to the accumulated delays in regulating this issue, caused particularly by the Council. In the opinion of World Bank experts, biomass energy is responsible for up to 80% of
the sharp increase in food prices. Thus, by limiting the magnitude of the recession, avoiding a sharper increase in unemployment and supporting the financing of the deficit, that international assistance
has directly contributed to limiting the social consequences of the crisis, including among the vulnerable sections of society. Everyone is calling for us to get traffic off the roads and onto the railways,
and what happens? Women know what the real working conditions of female employees are and where equality is lacking. I sincerely hope that, thanks to the European mission in Kosovo, this immoral Albanian-Serbian
cooperation will have to give way to decent inter-ethnic coexistence, as that and that alone will open up the European future we are happy to wish upon Kosovo. The size of the task meant that a united effort
was required. Member of the Commission. - My country, Latvia, has plenty of banks, and definitely insolvency could happen. It is also important that Europe should do so. Either we want to create clear and
unambiguous definitions and rules for implementation, in which case there is the danger of us not going far enough and hence leaving no room for future developments, or we leave room for negotiation, and
so legal certainty and legislative consistency lose out. This may not be practical - it is indeed the case that only a few people deal with financial control in those institutions, but the principle that
the person who gives ex ante approval also self-assesses after the event is wrong. I should like you, Mr President, to pass on a message to the Bureau that these people deserve a chance to have a debate
on the information society during the daytime. Its other objectives are to promote other clean energy sources and energy efficiency, energy savings and renewable sources of energy. This makes me wonder whether
the Commissioner would not also like to consider the possibility of not seeing the Maastricht criteria, particularly inflation, as his Bible and whether there are not other, more important aspects for
him to think about in order for Europe and all the countries in Europe to grow at a healthy pace? There were no legally binding commitments determining the future framework of international climate protection. &#160;&#160;
Madam President, Mr&#160;President-in–Office of the Council, somewhat overshadowed by the dramatic events in the Middle East, there is, in Havana, a bearded dictator who has mocked the world for decades. In
case she does not have appropriate information on this issue, I will provide all the necessary references. It is this trade which needs to be controlled and can only be controlled by setting indicative
limits so that we can get to the source of the people who are trying to do this and trying to smuggle it past our police and customs officers. The European Parliament has been able to keep its right of
amendment on foreign policy expenditure only by promising to be good and obedient from now on. Mr Frans Weisglas, President of the Dutch Upper House, is also in the official gallery. - (IT) Mr President,
ladies and gentlemen, I share many of the reservations expressed in this report concerning the encouragement given by the European Union to the continuation and development of languages of origin - even
though the general philosophy of the reports is worthy of attention and support - and this is because, today, in the face of these legitimately raised problems, we run an even greater risk, which is that
of seeing European languages die out as a result of our being forced, in this House as elsewhere, to use standardised spoken and written English. I look forward to the forthcoming opinion of AFSSA, the
French Food Safety Agency, which will help inform the decision of the French Authorities on whether this provisional measure needs to be continued. Despite the amendments made to the original Dupuis report,
the guiding spirit behind the Brok report is still crass intervention in the internal affairs of the ASEM countries in the name of the so-called rule of law, human rights etc. etc. It has become clear to
us, however, and we have become more conscious of the fact that we need a new definition of security, that the old concepts of security policy actually no longer work and that, for this reason, a particular
combination of external and internal security needs to be formed. I also support the amendments tabled by the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats, particularly
my amendment - which has been adopted - calling for no further-reaching amendments to be made to the legal act from now on, to enable swift action. That is much more transparent for consumers. With regard
to the Greek crisis, it is finally to be made clear that the European Union does not just stand for 'give' or 'take' but that it works on the principle of 'give and take'. Question No 4 by (H-0676/01): The
link it had been hoped to establish has been severed. This year's progress report on Kosovo will be no exception and thus provides an assessment of the situation of minorities, including Roma. On the other
hand, in the parliamentary amendments we have given consideration to the fact that the owners of the network and those who built it should not go penniless: they must receive a fair income for their work
and, furthermore, their future investment in the network must be made possible for the future organisation of the infrastructure. (DE) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, we do not know precisely what role
short selling or naked short selling played in the bankruptcies of Merrill Lynch and Lehman Brothers, but we do know that they made at least a substantial contribution to the collapse of these institutions. Why
can the Council not accept that? It is easy to think of an example where an effective operation requires instruments from all three pillars. The fewer speed differences there are, the smoother the traffic
flows, in actual fact. I am not yet giving up on the fact that they might very well be persuaded to be involved in these matters. We will not manage this by the end of the year, partly because we need the
Treaty of Lisbon to enter into force first. That is not always the case, but I am afraid abuses are rife in the Far East. Mr President, judging by what I have heard recently, one could be forgiven for believing
that nothing of any great importance happened on 28 September. Without that, and without the opening of national infrastructure, European rail freight is doomed. It covers 27 countries and includes an indication
of the minimum age for access to a particular game and a mandatory description of the content of a game or videogame that is placed on the market. Today's debate was on a broader scale and it will help
to propose a methodology. As soon as we are able to achieve our objective of doubling our sources of renewable energy supply from the current 6% to 12%, we will be less dependent on third countries, some
of which may be facing a difficult future. (DE) Madam President, Commissioner, Mr Radwan, ladies and gentlemen, I warmly welcome this report and this debate because I think we are probing some really sensitive
issues, and we are doing so on a genuinely cross-party basis. In the draft conclusions, we are seeking deeper and closer cooperation within the area of healthy and dignified ageing, including through the
exchange of information between the Member States. Mr President, anyone who wishes to win an election today rails against Europe and blames it for all society's ills. If we want to ensure equality between
young girls and young boys, between men and women and amongst teenagers and young adults, we need to take account of the disparities and differences between men and women when it comes to sporting performance. Amendment
No 36 provides for the derogation on the minimum acid content of wine to be extended. At the end of the day "he that too much embraceth, holds little", as we say in Spain, so if we want to manage control,
we cannot all have the same objective. I believe that competition between different companies is, then, to be preferred to monopolies, irrespective of whether they are public or private. The problem here
arose from the market situation, not from the budget. Perhaps there is a mistake in the Minutes, although it says that Amendments Nos 60 and 61 were rejected and Amendment No 31 by the Socialist Group was
adopted. But we MEPs can do something: I recommend that everyone sign petition 23, which was presented a couple of months ago and the aim of which is for us to persuade the Commission to introduce legislation
at last, after the United States, while we still have forests. The subject which we are debating clearly illustrates just how superficial and empty our debate on the political unification of Europe is. This
is why, in the Millennium Round, Europe must champion another vision of the organisation of commerce and world trade. In this respect, we should all have in mind that in 2009, approximately 85 000 refugees
were resettled in the world, but only 8.4% were resettled in Member States of the European Union. Countries in our neighbourhood, such as Egypt and Algeria, should feel that we cannot extend our political
dialogue without including the subject of religious minorities in these countries. We have a responsibility for their being able to do so. Vice-President of the Commission/High Representative of the Union
for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy. - Mr President, I wanted, if I might, to pick up two or three of the many strands of ideas which have been given to me - first of all, to thank honourable Members
and to recognise the strength of feeling and expression of support for some of the work that we are seeking to do in this area. I would also say to Mrs Regner that the agencies will gain in power. In the
course of 2002, but even more so in 2003 and 2004 (and the same will apply to our successors in the years after that), we will have to bring about a genuine 'intellectual revolution' . What can the EU do
under Italy's leadership to strengthen the EU's positions on this issue? Having said that, the question we are all asking is: what should we do? We would like to postpone the vote on this calendar to the
next plenary session, so that those of us who have tabled this motion can debate our working methods, that is to say, how we can improve regulation in the European Parliament and how we can better use
the EUR&#160;300 million it costs us to be here for the pursuit of better regulation. Mrs Karen Fogg is the EU Commission's representative in Turkey. We would have liked to have seen the EU leading the way
and stopping all payments of export subsidies by 2013 at the latest - irrespective of the actions of the other WTO trade partners. In deciding now to relaunch the Lisbon Strategy, the Member States were
also responding to the Kok report, which was discussed by the European Council in November. This is the fourth fisheries protocol with Greenland, and one which is of great value to both parties. Mr President,
European citizens are gravely concerned about the effects of climate change and support a low-carbon, clean energy provision for our future. B5-0358/2003 by Mrs Cristiana Muscardini, on behalf of the Union
for Europe of the Nations Group, on violations of human rights in Northern Uganda. In this respect, a central role falls to the European Parliament, and I think that the dialogue on monetary policy, in
the form established between this Parliament and the European Central Bank, is a good start for future years in the euro area. Ladies and gentlemen, together with the Council, we have introduced a new supervisory
framework, enhanced supervision of rating agencies - the previous arrangements being insufficient - additional capital requirements for our trading book and, as I just mentioned, a first set of rules on
pay. Transport is the sector where carbon dioxide emissions are growing the fastest. I know I can rely on all the institutions to contribute. Europe can make a difference. We want to know how DKK 4 to 5 billion
can disappear in the accounts. Tourism should become treaty based, not so that operators incur excessive regulation - indeed, the growth of the industry depends upon its ability to innovate independently
- but so that it is seen as a serious European issue. The main obstacle to progress in Bosnia is the state of mind, the feeling of powerlessness, which is paralysing people and institutions there. My group
is concerned about reports of interfactional fighting in Northern and Eastern Afghanistan, leading to thousands of Pashtuns fleeing villages, reports of 50 or more people being killed in Gardez. They were
making the headlines as recently as 10 years ago, however, when massacres were taking place in certain Balkan countries. Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, there is a German Christmas carol which begins
with the words 'Once in every year' . It seems to be thought of as just a means by which we look at the way in which the budget has gone. Since that time ECHO has sought to build momentum for the initiation
of a large-scale data collection project. On the other hand, imagine Airbus being rescued by equity investment in a few regions of France - I believe that 0.6% of the capital would be raised - that is downright
unrealistic! We must bear in mind, however, that the institutions can also be reformed without amending the Treaties. Ultimately, we want more European entities. I have no wish to conceal the fact that I
personally am not one hundred percent convinced as regards the issue of ceilings for the liability of classification societies. On the other hand, however, there can be no economic and social cohesion without
political cohesion, as hard as this may be for some nationalists to swallow. I have had the opportunity to visit Malta and see the African refugee camps located there, so I understand the seriousness of
the problem and the unfathomable depths of human despair that lead to desperate attempts to cross the sea to reach Malta and the mainland of the European Union. That is why there are so few amendments and,
furthermore, they promote the message which we must send at the beginning of the process, above all to the other wing of the budgetary authority. What I see as positive is the flexibility instrument. Therefore,
so far as his report is concerned, he is pleased to recommend adoption of the Commission proposal to the House without any further amendments. I have received 5 motions for resolutions pursuant to Rule
42(2). Does the WHO's system of protecting intellectual property, which I did not mention in my written version, constitute an obstacle to the production of vaccines by developing countries? Undeclared work
is most common in labour-intensive and often low-paid work and the workers involved do not benefit from job security, social benefits or workers' rights. Therefore, as yours seems to be the only objection,
I propose to continue by giving the floor to a non-attached Member, Mr&#160;Vanhecke. Is it innovation in surveillance that will enable us to uncover sleepers in the future? I believe that this Parliament
has made a significant investment through the work of its Temporary Committee on Policy Challenges and Budgetary Means of the Enlarged Union 2007-2013, as well as through the annual budgets and the consequent
legislative work. We need to do so, not to decouple the United States from the defence of Europe, not because we believe there is any weakening of the US strategic commitment to Europe, but to answer those
in Washington who sometimes call it into question: the voices that claim, with some justification, that Europe cannot continue to depend on the United States to bail it out of European conflicts unless
it is prepared to do more to help itself. Trafficking in women and girls in Bosnia Herzegovina is also increasing. We are launching an independent study, to be completed early this year, assessing the current
cooperation framework. Following mature consideration, we have accepted the possibility of choosing between tests and courses, for we are aware of the fact that there is an extremely large number of people
to be trained. We should first of all note that there have been positive developments this year as delays have substantially reduced in France. The application procedures for grants will be kept as simple
as possible, and we will offer consumer organisations seminars to explain how they work. On this basis we should be able to adopt a sensible resolution and give the new government a chance. The manufacture
of such solvents results in significant emissions of ozone, the effects of which are harmful to human beings and to the natural environment. After all, the European Council of Tampere subscribed to the
principle of mutual recognition within the European Union in criminal matters with good reason. Talks at the Council meeting led to an agreement to formulate strategies on the basis of the principles discussed
by the finance ministers at their informal meeting in Gothenburg. What was important, for us, was to make it understood that there are strategic issues at stake here for Europe. The magic word is prevention. When
it lands, it blows up - it kills people. The Irish presidency has made drugs policy in the EU a priority. We must reduce CO2 emissions, employ renewable energies, and generally make enquiries, in this connection,
as to how the forests of Europe are faring. I feel under no compunction to define my Europeanness in terms of my attitude to the United States of America. Like the rapporteur, I am also convinced that if
it continues with the progress it has already made in the integration process, Croatia will satisfy all the conditions for accession to the European Union and will become an important catalyst for all
the other countries in the Western Balkans. Do we want to make it so expensive to borrow from a European bank that our customers, our corporates, just go and borrow from Wall Street and end up handing another
coup to Wall Street at the expense of European banks? I would like to conclude my intervention by calling for a detailed examination of those points in which he advocates fair competition, the power to
apply measures to those rules which distort access or which are subject to fraud or which constitute de facto discrimination of a social, labour or commercial nature likely to cause serious harm to the
textile industry and its possibilities within the European Union. The scale and type of attacks carried out on Gaza by a modern army against a besieged people, who are already weak as a result of isolation
and siege, is absolutely horrific. Under this new system, the European arrest warrant, on being issued in one Member State, must be executed throughout the territory of the Union, but must always, in all
circumstances, respond to the concerns of Europe' s citizens in safeguarding individual rights. The first has to do with the entitlement to early repayment. I want to emphasise that the agreement being discussed
today is fully consistent with the Kyoto Protocol's implementing provisions, which are usually referred to as the Marrakech Accords. We shall continue our work with the Council to finalise its adoption
in due time and I am committed to informing the Council of your outstanding concerns after today’s debate. In short, a Christian in Pakistan can suddenly end up on death row if any Muslim testifies against
him! ICT can and will no doubt enhance quality of life and self-respect among the elderly. With the democratic movements it is a different matter, and we have set in motion a whole series of decisions. The
predominant risk to growth is the high energy prices. When this Institute for Gender Equality becomes a reality, as it soon will, it will be a gigantic step forward. To be honest, this level of cut could
be considered somewhat populist. If we are honest with each other we know that there is no point in making insularity as such a criterion for support, for as it says in the Treaty, structural aid is granted
to compensate for the disadvantages of certain regions and social groups, and in their interests we should adhere to that principle. The study foreseen in article 6(5)a of the Ecolabel regulation dealing
with additional aspects such as processing, pre-packaging, packaging and transport, which will examine the feasibility of the extension of the scope of the Ecolabel Regulation to food, including the products
of fishing and aquaculture, will not influence or prejudge the adoption of this Regulation. Unfortunately, in the global world, Yemen's problems are also becoming our problems. The matter is under negotiation. We
also make a call for protection of freedom of the press by strongly condemning the Somali Government's systematic harassment of the media and its shameful failure to investigate the killing of journalists
whose reporting was deemed to be critical of the government. We must act to prevent whilst also taking responsibility for the consequences of accidents and learning lessons from them. The protection of the
Community's financial interests and the fight against fraud are crucial components in guaranteeing the rights of citizens in the European Union. Never before have so many countries striven of their own
free will to reach the same targets at the same time and with such success. These children end up in the system due to the precarious situation in which the families they come from find themselves, which,
according to international legislation and conventions, should not constitute grounds for adoption. Have they apologised for not attending? You might say that what you are trying to do is effective, but
my colleagues and I believe it is wrong. We have had votes this morning, under the new Amsterdam procedure, in which we have not been able to take individual amendments like Amendment No 28 which would
call for a review clause for this perspective which extends - as some speakers have already said this morning - over seven years without any review. I also congratulate the Portuguese Presidency on its
strategic leadership for the successful implementation of the Schengen Information System project: the 'SIS One For All'. I would like to see a tailor-made, bottom-up approach and effective coordination
with programmes such as Daphne and PROGRESS. I voted against the report because it seeks to limit national powers while creating new agencies and tackling new military operations, which would entail increased
spending, and it also wants to give added momentum to Turkey's accession negotiations. Our European values are rights, legality, transparency and the rule of law. Our report this year highlights ten areas
where progress has been unsatisfactory and fresh or greater impetus needs to be given. The Lisbon Treaty is a real step forward for development policy. As a Union, we must, of course, assume long-term responsibility
for this type of task in Europe. We have been supporting tobacco farmers for more than a generation without any prospect of improvement. However, I wonder if you would agree that the long-term security of
Israel and the Middle East will be guaranteed by making Israel more integrated with its neighbours to ensure that trade and movement between the neighbours develop. We have negotiated with all the groups. You
are a man of great quality. Now it is time to protect companies in the various Member States from the effects of the global financial crisis and to put in place clear regulations for speculators and the
free market. The procedural guidelines set out in a report will facilitate the budgetary activities of the three institutions involved so that the budget can be implemented efficiently, particularly with
regard to budgetary transfers. You are telling us that you are going to get Europe out of the crisis. The one thing that worried me during the course of all the debates about the Constitution was this: there
is a tendency that I have noticed over my eight years as Prime Minister for Europe sometimes to go back over institutional questions when the questions are really about policy direction. [COM(2000) 774
- C5-0750/2000 - 2000/0309(CNS)] If that option were adopted, it would probably be advisable to appoint a coordinator at political level, who could be chosen either by the Laeken European Council or by
the convention itself. The 2002 reform of the common fisheries policy (CFP) introduced the concept of partnership, with the objective of supporting the development of the national fisheries sector in partner
countries. Today, commercial partners themselves do not pay as much attention to share capital as to the flow of capital, known as cashflows, which reveal much more about the solvency of a company than
capital alone. Although put forth under the pretext of a single regulation, such groups in practice wanted to legalise social dumping, strengthen job insecurity, increase inequality and open the way for
different outcomes and laws to put the principles of equality and justice for all workers into jeopardy. So what we have to do is find a satisfactory long-term response to these problems and adopt a humane
approach in terms of asylum and immigration policy. Is that what is called free and unfettered exercise of the duty of an MEP? The rejection of the Verts/ALE amendment requiring that Member States reach
such an agreement means that the report, which is serious and important, is fundamentally flawed. That is why its reduced legitimacy and its diminished justification and credibility in the eyes of the people
must be taken seriously. Furthermore, according to a study carried out by Confindustria, the General Confederation of Italian Industry, in Italy alone, energy efficiency could have a socio-economic impact
on the entire national economy worth some EUR 238 billion and could increase the value of total production, with an associated rise in employment of around 1.6 million standard work units, in the period
2010-2020. We headed a troika mission to Russia during a time of great difficulty and tension, and I will be coming back to that. This will enable the EU to impose the best and most efficient solutions centrally,
through regulations, on Member States. There is also the retail sector and many other ideas that Mrs Handzlik touched upon earlier. The total cost of all this for tourists is enormous. I would like to conclude
by emphasising that we must ensure that we adopt a horizontal approach with regard to the collective redress mechanism, thereby avoiding the fragmentation of national legislation and establishing a single,
common instrument for all Member States. I hope that the conciliation meeting in July will enable us to find a common outlook. This merits every respect, being, in fact, about nothing more or less than the
reduction of the prevailing gulf between the EU and its citizens. They were, truly, very important for us. The prospect of a pan-European industrial context, relaunched by President&#160;Barroso with the
approval of the Green Paper on Energy, at last gives cause for hope. We are therefore able to draw useful lessons from the experience of others. All of this remains problematic, not to mention the major
limitations inherent in the judicial system itself. The scope for the patentability of software in Europe should not be broadened further. Protection of forests We cannot set a European and a national concept
of tourist activity against each other. Finally, delivery of a high quality code of conduct by the banking industry will be decisive in proving the merits of self-regulation. It lays down substantive provisions
imposing obligations on data controllers and recognising the rights of individuals. Europeans will have free access only to the least attractive categories of book - titles which are in the public domain
and whose copyright has long since expired, for example, books in the Bibliothèque nationale de France which have not been taken out for 200 years. Paragraph 3 of Parliament' s resolution of 18 June 1987
'Calls on the Council to obtain from the present Turkish Government an acknowledgement of the genocide perpetrated against the Armenians in 1915-1917 and to promote the establishment of a dialogue between
Turkey and the representatives of the Armenians' . The next item is the statement by the President-in-Office of the Council on the programme of the German Presidency and the situation in Kosovo. We have
to admit that it could all have been much worse. Perhaps future issues of this annual report could be extended to include comments on other failings based on a model for good quality of life, such as the
right for all citizens to live near beautiful municipal parks. That is desirable. It will no doubt prove possible under the implementing provisions also to coordinate the level of these requirements in such
a way as to avoid any bias. I think, and the three rapporteurs agree with me, that this package of amendments to the Rules should come into force at the same time as the Treaty of Amsterdam. (ET) Mr President,
I had my hand up to speak in good time during the speech on the previous report too (by which I mean Mrs Bauer's), and once I finish my contribution on Mrs Sommer's report, then I will also talk about
that. One cannot fail to notice in particular that the rich are becoming richer and safer, whilst the poor are becoming ever poorer. We will also take into account the concerns of both Parliament and the
Council regarding the financing of the 25 decentralised agencies and, accordingly, we will adapt our approach in that PDB, which I will present to you next week. Individual rights must be recognised and
the fight against racism and xenophobia must not be used to confine individuals to ghettos of origin. For some operators, especially those whose turnover is on the small side - and, as has been recalled,
future economic growth and employment in Europe depends very much on these firms - the lack of uniform application of Community rules on VAT is an insurmountable barrier to the European market. Finally,
our legal proposal will be as short and as simple as possible and it will not imply any new administrative burdens. Afterwards, there comes the difficult job of the actual negotiations; we must ensure that
we do not deviate too far from our mandate and that we continue to define that balance ourselves at all times. The Brok and Stubb reports demonstrate, I believe, that this House has succeeded in setting
out our expectations in a businesslike manner, and that the Commission has opted for the same businesslike approach, even if, as Mr Swoboda has indicated, the Commission has left a number of important
questions unanswered, with the excuse that it will 'return to them in due course'. The catching sector as a whole will have profits close to zero or even worse. There were six issues in total and on these
I believe Parliament has obtained full satisfaction. I shall comment first of all on the amendments which the Commission can accept in full, in principle or in part. On administrative expenditure and posts,
I welcome the reinstatement of all the PDB requests we presented. The Fourth Assessment Report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, released in Spain in November 2007, represents the most complete
and the most credible scientific assessment of climate change so far. As far as monitoring is concerned, we intend in our committee to take one member responsible for monitoring each of the 120 lines. I
wish you the wisdom of Väinämöinen. As usual, it thinks in terms of Parliament's prerogatives, of power relationships and politicking. This directive and the single report will in no respect lead to any
watering down of standards relating to health and safety at work. I accept the 20% CO2 and the 30% if we find other partners worldwide. Mr President, Commissioner, this morning' s debate on enlargement has
revealed considerable convergence of approaches and methods as well. Fortunately this report will not change the face of things. Other pathogens may be added in the future, if measures in animal populations
can be shown to be efficient in reducing human cases. But of course my group will be at one in saying we must resolve this problem as soon as possible so as to give a long-term perspective of how the European
Union' s aid is going to be used in MEDA and in CARDS. What proportion are we talking about? A billion dollars spent on the aforementioned project will only reduce the temperature by 0.12 degrees, which
will not have the slightest effect on climate change. With the entry into force of the new treaty, European citizens can submit proposed initiatives by collecting a sufficient number of signatures. It must
therefore commit, within the partnership, to strengthening relations between the European Union and Mercosur and addressing questions of common interest. The Paris Convention lays down rules on frequency,
quality and procedure for international exhibitions within its remit. The trend worldwide would appear to be that more and more conflicts have a religious dimension: Kosovo, Chechnya, southern Sudan, Northern
Ireland, East Timor, Sri Lanka, Nigeria, Kashmir and, one of the worst in recent times, the Moluccas, in Indonesia. To sentence a pregnant woman to capital punishment for having intercourse before marriage
is barbaric. In fact, I believe that it is not possible to support an extensive attitude to protecting citizens who request the right of asylum and the right to be recognised as a refugee to those who belong
to terrorist organisations. Must one conclude from this that, from now on, nationals will have to step aside in favour of the legitimate suffering of people fleeing their countries of origin, be it for
economic, political, climatic or family reasons? The measures proposed in the dairy sector and those concerning the quality of agricultural produce, as well as the improvement and simplification of the
rural development policy, are important aspects, especially during the current economic crisis. That is why I think it is a good thing that Mr Karas addresses precisely this point in his reports. Mr President,
I would like to thank the rapporteur and all the speakers, and to assure them that this element of stability, which will enable decisions relating to medium-term investments to be taken, will also feature
in the proposal for a directive that I hope to be able to present to you soon. So many women take this pseudo-medication to slim, become more beautiful, more slender, more agile, and they sometimes do not
realise that a bit more weight makes them more attractive. The means for continuing the preparatory action on the pilot project, which had started, will be in the budget proposal. Once again, I totally agree
with Mr&#160;Cohn-Bendit: anyone who condemns and criticises this wall should equally not only condemn any kind of terrorist activity, but also endeavour to combat it. The Group of the European People's
Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats attempted to table a resolution on the basis of the Council's declaration. As Mr Gahler said, Dr Mudawi, a brave defender of human rights in Sudan was
once again arrested by the Sudanese Government, by its National Security and Intelligence Agency. You were quite right to do so. We are not talking about any particular type of partnership - that in itself
would be discrimination - but recognising stable partnerships. It is women and girls who, in addition, are exposed to special forms of atrocity. The Commission is currently cooperating with the Italian authorities
in order to identify options for other EU support. On Amendment No 16 Mr President, there are two overriding themes in this place: first, concern with the growing gulf between the political elite and the
ordinary taxpayers. Would it not be appropriate for us to extend its mandate to Burundi? Of course, there were frankly discouraging moments at Laeken. I should like to hear where the Presidency stands on
the plans to put the Iranian resistance movement on the list of terrorist organisations. The Oreja report – A6-0166/2005 – on a proposal for a recommendation from the European Parliament to the Council
on terrorist attacks: prevention, preparation and response(2005/2043(INI)), as part of the anti-terrorism package adopted in the European Parliament today, also pursues the aim of creating a legal area
where the weapons with which war on terrorism is waged include mutual recognition of court judgments, police measures and exchanges of information between police forces and between intelligence services. Reckless
military adventurism on one side and cynical acceptance of terrorism on the other offer only further bloodshed and misery and the deepening of mutual hatreds, which will delay and render more difficult
the achievement of lasting peace. There is in fact consensus in these areas in spite of what is often a variety of public statements of our positions. I have to admit that this 24th Annual Report seems superior
and that more names are included than before. The essence of this compromise, which I hope will become the position of the European Parliament, is the following: As Member States differ in size and gross
domestic product, that of course means in absolute terms that 80% of the enlargement costs will in fact be borne by the five largest Member States: Germany, Great Britain, Italy, France and Spain. Who shall
establish them and how? The same can be said about the broad concept of 'sexual reproductive health', a catch-all term within which some try to hide or introduce ideas in which anything goes. That no longer
has anything to do with a market economy. We know today not only that the Commission rejected the amendments, but also that it is proposing a communication, the text of which departs totally from that of
the directive and, what is more, aims to undertake an irreversible and uncontrolled process of liberalisation from which the users and employees of this sector would never recover. For example the completion
of Unit 2 at Cernovoda is fully justified by the Phare study of August 2001. So I can assure you that we will act together, we will listen to your ideas, we will make progress within a few months. Those
who do not have basic knowledge do not know where to acquire knowledge either. We are firmly committed to seeing social rights become firmly established in law. Before the Council meeting we submitted a
proposal for a resolution so as to draw attention to the danger posed by reducing the financing for Nabucco. Similarly, the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats
and the Group of the Party of European Socialists have asked that the title of the fifth item be formulated as follows: 'Torrential rain in Tenerife and eastern Spain and climate change'. I would therefore
also like to say that we are glad to see that, despite all these difficulties and the fact that we are still eagerly awaiting the position of the Czech Republic, the Portuguese people will be very happy
to see the name of its capital associated with a decisive step in the development of the European Union. That is why we MEPs of the Communist Party of Greece shall vote against the resolution. One has to
recognise that partners who do not lose the privileges they have in the country of origin, will enjoy a privilege which the citizens of the host state do not have. Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, let
me firstly thank the rapporteur, Mr Novo Belenguer, for his detailed report, and Mr Wijsenbeek for the opinion of the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens' Rights. Bearing in mind Articles 2 and 6 of
the EC Treaty, which stipulate that environmental protection is to be considered a horizontal objective, Regulation (EC) No 2152/2003(1) concerning monitoring of forests and environmental interactions
in the Community, the Commission communication on a forestry strategy for the European Union (COM(1998)0649 final) and the European Parliament's resolutions on natural disasters regional aspects (2005/2193(INI)),
environmental aspects (2005/2192(INI)) and agricultural aspects (2005/2195(INI)), and given that, according to United Nations figures, natural disasters in the European Union have claimed the lives of
65&#160;000 people since 1980 and have had an economic cost amounting to EUR 124&#160;200&#160;million, what action has the Austrian Presidency taken to safeguard the sustainability of European forests? Now
that the facts have come out about the actual role of the Swiss banks in this tragedy, now is the time for Parliament to justifiably call on Switzerland to do justice to the victims of the Holocaust. Of
the 1.3 million researchers in the United States, 80% work for the private sector, compared with only 48% of Europe’s one million researchers. The Partnership and Cooperation Agreement provides us with
a framework within which we can develop our bilateral relations further and thereby contribute to the overall goals of our strategy for the whole of Central Asia. First, the arsenals are so full, as the
result of arms exports from industrialised countries, including Germany, that war can be waged and will be waged with the weapons already available. I can, of course, ask Mr Nielson if the Commission will
confirm that disciplinary enquiries will not be carried out on the basis of its investigations. The first concerns the need for the Commission and Parliament to set up a joint body to monitor and review
the measures to be adopted, including those that President Santer has set out in Parliament's debate today. Also, the measurement work for the passport has already been completed. In principle, the European
Union is supposed to appoint its own permanent representative in Macau. They are treated as if they were not human beings at all. The appropriate and justified amendments that are envisaged, alongside the
national transition plans, ensure the flexibility needed for the implementation of the improved technologies that are available, without compromising the original goals of protecting the environment and
public health. There is surely no logic in asking breeders to invest now in plant which is of no use in the future, but for which they will still have to make the annual repayments. Mr President, I come
to this debate today with a lot of reservations because of some of the comments made by other speakers in a previous debate. But that could be resolved with the Union's help, as part of the current financial
aid measures, through a programme which allows disadvantaged countries gradually to reduce their foreign debt burden, reinvesting those sums in projects for economic reconstruction and defining common
rules spanning all the problems of immigration - its objective being aid for socio-economic development throughout the region. I&#160;am one of those who support the shared view of the rapporteurs, Mrs&#160;Gröner
and Mrs&#160;Sartori, who have managed to find a&#160;common solution on behalf of the two largest political groups in the European Parliament. &#160;&#160; Mr President, British Conservatives believe that
the Code of Conduct on Arms Exports has worked well as a politically binding instrument since it came into being in 1998, but there is scope for some improvement and refinement. The inspection of inspectors,
or classification societies, will be much more rigorous. On the other hand, potential cost implications for the industry have been kept to a minimum. If you are happy with unelected lawyers deciding national
and European Union health policy, then you do not need to do anything. It would become more difficult to develop ports and transport systems because ports are transport hubs and combined terminals that
have to be efficient if the whole transport system is also to be so. We must name names! The reason underlying the adoption of these documents was the European citizen's fundamental right to know who is
receiving European funds. Violence is a social problem of regrettable topical importance which involves the violation of human rights and a physical, mental and social crime as well as a crime against people'
s quality of life. In this discussion, I would like to single out one political aspect: EU Member States, and among them, largely, states such as Sweden, have in recent years made enormous profits in the
Baltic states through the provision of 'aggressive' financial services, particularly loans for immovable property. Given these circumstances, it is more obvious to lower, rather than increase, the pensionable
age. Obviously we reject both forms of torture in equal measure. The president of the pro-Russian Georgian separatist republic won the election with 59.4% of the vote. The Giansily report argues against doing
this at present, partly in the belief that a more expensive euro is undesirable at the present time. Together with other opposition leaders, you drafted the manifesto 'Todos Unidos' and for the first time,
thanks to your action, the opposition has united together on a single initiative: the Varela project. We need to take a hard look at Commission spending on health and ask why such a low percentage of the
EDF budget is earmarked for the health sector, as Mr van den Berg has just pointed out. Vehicles with a Polish registration plate are being subjected to checks lasting several hours. Commissioner, this,
I believe, is a necessary reform and the necessary mandate must be used to support these tasks. We know, among other things, that in the future the most difficult obstacle to overcome will be inadequate
funding - and not just in the future, because it is a very real obstacle already. What we heard yesterday from Mr Prodi was not the new way forward, it was a threat: a threat that we will create a two-speed
Europe for those who are with us and those who are against us, words more reminiscent of George W. Bush than of a European statesman. This is a clear signal from the European Union that this is also our
concern. I have borrowed these words from a victim of terrorism who spoke them last week in Berlin before a sensitive and committed audience. Throughout our work we have noted that for a long time everything
possible has been done to get the issue forgotten, or rather to stifle it. It is also hard to find anything further to say on a report like this one. Conversely, watering down the Services Directive could
deliver a devastating blow to the principles of equality and solidarity. I believe we have managed to find a wise solution here, too, in leaving the arrangements to the Member States. This should suggest,
to say the least, doubts as to whether the treatment envisaged at Essen may perhaps be entirely ineffective in curing the disease from which we are suffering. It feels good to be able to come back and report
to you like this at the end of our term of office. I feel that the measures laid down by Parliament’s Committee on International Trade will indeed make it possible for us to go further, even if they fall
short of what some of us had hoped for. We need to send the right message. There is also a certain sense of desperation when the call is made to Russia to engage in closer cooperation on the supply of raw
materials and rare earths, especially those considered 'critical'. The rapporteur, whom I should like to thank, is equally conscious of these facts and of Ukraine' s economic plight, with its high foreign
debt and even higher exodus of capital, where large sections of the population live in poverty and wealth is concentrated in a few hands. I also believe that, in this context, we should set deadlines concerning,
in particular, the resources with which every single country and network will have to be equipped. Mr President, just as the rapporteur points out, biotechnology offers enormous opportunities for good. Several
of you mentioned the importance of broadband networks in rural areas. While I accept Mrs Lambert's personal enthusiasm for this report and the fact that she proposed that it be drawn up, my criticism was
of her Group's attitude and that of the other Groups. There is a worrying gap between the European Union and its citizens. Even the figures used in the research are questionable, as they differ from UK Government
official figures. I am therefore of the opinion –– and this is an opinion –– that the report must call –– perhaps the Commission could enlighten us in this regard –– for the definitive ratification of the
AIPCD by the European Union, and not its accession to this Convention. Under the principle of subsidiarity, we should give regional and local authorities considerably more freedom to allocate national aid
money. I urge Mrs Morgan to request that the report be referred back to the committee. Since then the EU has been closely following the case, and the Council is ready to take the appropriate steps if the
situation requires. You should be aware that the development of new arms will take many years. Mr Barroso and all the members of the Commission - vice-presidents and commissioners - are also aware that we
are working with the Commission, I think in a very positive way, and we recognise its efforts in this respect. It concerns violations of electoral rights and expulsions from the country. The report, as drafted,
does not benefit the European Parliament, the European Union, its Member States, or their citizens. The directive will impose on Member States a requirement to conduct regular inspections of equipment used
professionally for pesticide application, and also a requirement to establish a system for regular maintenance and periodical inspection of equipment. There followed lengthy speculation, of course, as to
the identity of the rebel group that had carried out the attack, which claimed the lives of ten soldiers from the AU peacekeeping force. We should not forget that in this debate. There is no doubt that certain
species of animals like, notably, large cats, birds, elephants and giraffes experience recurring problems in zoos. The Committee on Budgetary Control has asked for answers and clarification on some of the
issues on which the Court of Auditors has concerns. We have nonetheless chosen to vote against the proposal, since we are basically convinced that legal and internal issues are best dealt with by the Member
States themselves. I asked then and I am still asking today: how can Romanian and Bulgarian farmers reconcile the 'takeoff' procedure with the 'soft landing' procedure? I will adopt this approach not because
I think that it is perfect. So Europe must block all the appropriations under the Europe-Turkey financial protocol, and all those provided within the framework of the MEDA programme. We - actually the Member
States - should receive the credit for that, and it should affect the DAS declaration as well. The Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Policy also takes the view that the export of
waste outside of Europe will have to be banned and that the proposed directive must be amended accordingly. Given that Nigeria is the eighth-largest oil producer in the world, it is regrettable that the
majority of the country's inhabitants live below the poverty line. Because human rights defenders very often come under attack themselves, their rights are still one of the EU's priorities. Thirdly, the
members of the Committees on Foreign Affairs and on Development, because they have approved this report unanimously by means of a very unusual vote ― 51 votes in favour, 0 votes against and 0 abstentions,
and with no amendment to plenary on behalf of the political groups ― which demonstrates clearly the will of the whole of Parliament to back the report that will be put to the vote tomorrow. Mr President,
in its time, the ideology of human rights played an important role in undermining the destructive forces of totalitarianism. There is a high risk that our already high unemployment will increase further. In
December 1995, the intergovernmental group on climate change, a panel composed of over 2, 000 eminent scientists, noted its concern regarding greenhouse gas emissions. Enlargement is part of Europe's integration
process. I should like to make one further request of the French Presidency: that Mr Moscovici - because he has given really extremely brief and sometimes imprecise answers to questions here - answer these
questions fully and in writing for the European Parliament, because for us, good cooperation between the Council and the European Parliament means that we face each other as equals and that each takes
the other seriously. Price stability throughout Europe and the independence of the European Central Bank will give rise to trust on the markets and, consequently, we should achieve a fall in interest rates,
particularly in the long term. I would like to express my thanks to Commissioner Reding and Mrs Kratsa-Tsagaropoulou for bringing this topic to this part-session, because we have to admit that this requires
a lot of courage, even today. It can also be assumed that this was harmonised with the new provisions on admission to the occupation, which means that, in this respect too, there are no weak points left. Mrs
de Brún, yes, we have to reassure and persuade the Irish. As distillers will tell you, if you distil at a lower alcoholic strength, more taste comes over the still. Mr President, by including this item on
the agenda within a very difficult international context and coinciding with the visit of President Fox and a large delegation of Mexican parliamentarians, we have wanted to stress this Parliament's interest
in relations with the countries of Latin America on the eve of the Summit. OLAF, on which I recently presented a report, is not our only watchdog: we also have the internal Audit Service, and we have established
inspection capacities in every directorate-general. The intention, then, is to pursue this reversal of the proportion by providing more funding for renewable energies and energy efficiency, and here I would
like to thank Mr Stavrakakis, who alluded in his speech to the ELENA programme, which once again is a joint programme with the Commission to provide technical assistance in the area of energy efficiency. The
two main Hutu rebel movements in the army, which are responsible for the best part of the violence, were not involved in the negotiations. I regret that this issue still results in such sensitivity, to
say the least, but it is evident that, until women are able to control their sexual rights, we will have failed to achieve our objective in our battle for true equality between men and women. However, we
are now hearing rumours that there will be no proposal on the mid-term review of the budget until after the European Parliament elections and after the German federal election in September. Most of the
amendments adopted at first reading have been accepted by both the Council and the Commission. We cannot have DG IV preventing or hindering alliances between European shipping companies, which are urgently
necessary to the survival of these companies, by pursuing a misguided competition policy. Why so little so late? Again, I agree with Baroness Ludford's comments on the first two of those. Anyone who applies
double standards, for pragmatic political reasons, to China, Russia or, indeed, one of the parties involved in the Middle East conflict ultimately does nothing to help the situation. That is why I voted
for the communication from the Commission 'The European Union and Latin America: Global Players in Partnership', which seeks to identify operational proposals aimed at the full implementation of the biregional
strategic partnership. I would just like to make that point. We can contribute to that through EUJUST LEX and by building up a police corps that does not torture, but which knows what the limits are and
tries to help restore order. For them, it is vital that the devolution policy sponsored by the current Italian Government should be adopted. We are told that 'it is a ban'. We have a country with respectable
economic growth, a population of 50 million and increasing purchasing power. There is no other solution: if the Member States did not create jobs, the markets would punish them and, ultimately, interest
rates in those countries would rise. The Honeyball report, despite being otherwise commendable, dares not ask for this minimum. In supporting the resolution and the demand for compensation, we would, however,
point out that in modern times, too, the boundary between the normal and the pathological is being eroded, and this flies in the face of moral norms, so there is a need for radical moves to combat prostitution
as a form of modern-day slavery. It will be the task of the European Commission and the Council to strengthen their commitment here. With this in mind, the Commission is urging the Member States to duly
promote the SOLVIT network amongst the public and firms, bearing in mind its capabilities and the added value which it represents. However, it cannot be changed now. It is a personal opinion - and a very
respectable one - but it is not a point of order. Mr President, Commissioner, it feels important to debate this issue with you - an issue which, too, is about the best interests of the child. Indeed, you
only support the results that suit you. (NL) Madam President, last weekend an EU-Africa Summit was held in Lisbon. The fight against fraud, corruption and irregularities must be pursued with determination,
and the means of doing this must be strengthened. However, we have to criticise the fact that it has a meagre budget: 10% of the total CAP budget is what we devote to rural development. This is a path, which
Bosnians, Serbs and Croats must follow even more resolutely, to return to peaceful co-existence under new conditions and to consolidate this institutionally. I must also emphasise, to add a little humour,
both the veiled threat of civil disobedience that the rapporteur slipped in, on the grounds of a supposed breakdown in the ‘legitimacy of decision-making’ and the arrogance of ‘rewriting’ the ‘social contract’
by decree. I find that interesting. Discussions by Parliament, the Commission and the Council on legal issues and other projects should be accessible at one website address. By e-learning - to use the general
term - but much more, I believe, by e-entertainment. Does he really not think that such a declaration from the person representing the Presidency would have been more worthy and more in line with the social
Europe we want to construct? Mr President, as I indicated in my first answer, there are certain budgetary limitations that have the effect of restricting some of the actions that we undertake in the region,
not only as the Commission but also in our cooperative activities with other organisations. In South America, politicians, officials, the military and important entrepreneurs hide behind walls, fences and
armed guards. It is important for Parliament to consider how the directive operates in practice, for we must learn from experience. As Mr Katiforis says, discards are a waste of resources which we cannot
accept. We need to take action now to create the conditions in which a new research and development model can meet those needs. In order for countries to be entitled, however, they must achieve a sufficient
level of accountability in the fight against poverty, macroeconomic governance, the handling of public finances and management. These reforms will take years, but we have to start on them right away. In
order to meet the objective of reducing these infections by 900 000 cases a year by 2015 - in other words a 20% reduction - the Member States and the European institutions are being called on to introduce
the necessary measures. This will be done within the existing funds. The Commission has therefore set out a new proposed regulation aimed at establishing a policy framework for tourism by making use of the
powers introduced by the Treaty of Lisbon. Very symbolically, the European Council put both the resolution on the implementation of the Pact for Stability and Growth and the resolution on growth and employment
under a single political umbrella: ' Stability, growth and employment' . What policy will the Commission pursue on this matter, with a view to promoting cooperation among the peoples of the region and averting
conflicts arising from water needs? Everyone trumpets how important they are in keeping the place clean, creating green spaces, with the odd allusion to social policy for good measure; but never that they
can mobilise local forces and create jobs. I am very pleased to do so. Madam President, I agree with the speakers who find that not an awful lot has happened with regard to human rights in China. I feel that
assessments of this nature should be carried out at national level, commensurate with the situation in each country. It is by this process and this process alone that we will be able to establish a proper
and appropriate form of regulation. In my opinion, the problem deserves the attention of this Chamber. What he was trying to say was that there is a large degree of uncertainty in stock estimations. The Presidency
conducted the Intergovernmental Conference negotiations in a truly gracious manner, but it arrived at a result that is a long way from the text adopted by the Convention, and 10% of it – Mr&#160;Hänsch,
please note – is very hard to accept. She was quite definitely there. For the sake of coherence in the European Parliament's activity we are obliged to refuse the proposal agreed by the Commission and the
Council to set up a 3a type of committee for decisions involving measures to protect humanitarian personnel, as is the case of direct actions by the Commission and the specialised bodies of Member States. After
an extremely long period of waiting we are finally in a position to make Europol into a concrete and effective tool in combating organised crime, as well as many other dangerous types of crime which are
now manifesting themselves at European level - I am thinking, for instance, of the action that Europol will be able to take on money-laundering. Where do we get the money from? This would also make it possible
- and I have agreed this with the Chairman of my group - for me to vote in favour of a resolution of this kind this week. The institutions - in this case the national governments - appear only to react
to crises, and never take preventative action, as if history has taught us nothing. Therefore, our decision to clearly separate the production of the projections from the analysis of the Governing Council
is fully transparent as it honestly reflects the decision-making process within the ECB. I am sorry to have to make these points, but I believe it is only right and proper to do so. Of course we must respect
each institution’s individual role. It might be enquired whether they were too ambitious. At the same time, it is important that the process of adjustment be allowed to continue. The transitional arrangements
have involved complication, waste, increased costs and bureaucracy, and it is the economic operators above all who have to carry that burden. Mr Howitt wrote something in the explanatory statement that
I disagree with. Indeed, it is clear to me that peace, stability and prosperity cannot stop at the borders of the European Union but must also benefit as far as possible all our friends and neighbours. Belgians
are aware of the good and bad sides of regional pride and, as a result, the use of a stadium requires not only the signature of the burgomaster but also that of the Minister of the Interior. Well, I suggest
we organise a formal occasion involving Parliament, the Council and the Commission in Strasbourg. We have seen problems in Greece. In practice, the obligation to review is one of the most important requirements
in the report, and for that I thank the Members. It gives Member States the opportunity to operate solely in relevant river basins. The Commission's communication was also accompanied by detailed reports
on rice, nuts and milk. In other words, a carrier from the Persian Gulf or Asia that operates in a relatively rich catchment area will devote greater resources to the safety of its airline. It is not fair
that this Commission, or our successors in the next Commission, should continue to be under the same kind of pressure that we have felt thus far. Is this not yet another demonstration that Europe is light
years away from the interests of citizens, be they producers or consumers? The decisive initiative here is membership of monetary union. To conclude, let me ask what lessons we should be learning. By the
same token, the relentless fight against the terrorist threat must be definitively limited under international law. In the short time available, I have just two comments to make: I would like to take up
what Mr Rübig had to say about youth. I should like to see a financial report one day complement the present report. I would like to reiterate that the Council remains very active concerning external security
issues in line with the EU strategy against the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction. Our concern is not to prevent distortion of competition with third countries, but to guarantee lorry drivers
the best pay, status and working conditions. People have no hope at the moment. Many also believe that this common foreign and defence policy is much further developed than is actually the case. As Mr Duff
pointed out, it is quite enough that Poland and the United Kingdom have opt-outs. The greater protection from racial, ethnic and religious discrimination afforded by the Amsterdam Treaty is therefore to
be welcomed. Thanks to her proposals for an active old age, society is enriched by a whole generation. Europe’s humanist tradition of asylum rights is being replaced by a closed-border security policy. NATO’s
involvement in Iraq is ongoing; will NATO troops be going there once NATO has trained the Iraqi security forces? Mrs De Keyser raised the issue of the Israeli barrier. Commissioner, we need clear guidelines
in order to set the authorities in Kosovo to work. Ten new states which had gone through the painful experience of Soviet occupation and were just recently called countries in a transitional market economy,
joined the European Union internal market with the four essential freedoms of the market: free movement of persons, services, goods and capital. But let me warn them: it is a long way from theory to practice. I
would again like to stress the need to create research centres of excellence in Europe and at world level, or even better, that are the best in the world. Ladies and gentlemen, we will discuss all this
when we come to debate Mr Funk's report. If national governments are to achieve the desirable objective of restoring urban rural balance, already seriously out of hand, then the role of women must be adequately
recognised and rewarded. In order to support these workers in their reintegration into employment, an amount of EUR 7 521 359 is being mobilised from the Fund. The Council has given a commitment. Mr&#160;Santer
fell because this Parliament had been too complicit, too indulgent for too long with regard to its natural ally, the Commission. Opinions should be left to a free press, the political organisations and
parties, citizens’ initiatives and interested parties. This is the term we agreed on, but in fact we should really talk in terms of development partnership agreements, and I think that this would also make
the discussion with the ACP countries easier. Given the value of the right to petition for the individual citizen I fully endorse the recommendations of the Newman report. The Commission obviously agrees
with the need for regular assessments relating to measures adopted by the Community, provided such assessments are carried out at the right time and at reasonable intervals so as to be effective. There
are thousands of documents referring to European values. They deserve a better government, but this cannot be imposed from outside by anyone. The future framework directive, as a result of the review of
the consumer contract law acquis, is not dependent on the outcome of the CFR, which is a longer-term project and run separately. We should remember that half a million of the refugees are children. These
air raids on Baghdad are, in essence, totally illegal, deeply counter-productive and ethically unacceptable, as were the previous raids that have taken place since Operation Desert Fox in 1998, which is
recalled with some horror. This new statute would meet the need to simplify the legal instruments available to companies and make them more effective. We Europeans, however, have turned it into a modern-day
moat, in which, over the past ten years, 4&#160;000 men and women have drowned their hopes. That is precisely what we need. Since 1997 the Commission has been using the Internal Market Scoreboard to monitor
and draw attention to the way Member States are implementing internal market legal acts. For the record, the figures you supplied earlier are correct. Mr President, Commissioner, former fellow MEPs, ladies
and gentlemen, as everyone knows, the World Food Summit - Five Years On was held in Rome from 10 - 13 June 2002. That is why I voted in this way and that is why what we have done today is important, if
not historic. Observance of human rights is one of the EU's fundamental values, and one to which the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament pays particular
attention, since it appears on the agenda of practically every meeting held by our group. It is worrying that, every year, 536,000 families are left without the mother's support, which creates imbalances
at the level of the society's basic cell. Rather, it is up to the Member States to decide to enforce them on a national level. Many people, myself included, were unhappy about the unreasonably high salary
of the supervisor, which will of course be comparable to that of the Ombudsman. He says that this is something that will develop by itself. What we can do is to do our part in this Parliament to accelerate
the process and make a decision, make our policy so that the Council can take a decision within this year. In the year 2000, this firm' s European installations made a net profit of EUR 795 million, or
17% more than in 1999. This being the case, environmental concerns inevitably take a back seat. A correct interpretation of the principle of subsidiarity: the e-Learning action plan has succeeded in finding
a niche in the sensitive debate on the use made by the States of their national education systems, demonstrating that the term 'European educational area' is a realistic, positive concept in which we must
have confidence without fear of undermining the cultural identities of our countries. Mainstreaming is important because peace-building comprises this broad range of areas. Immediately after the events of
11 September, the Secretary-General and I were in contact, and we have introduced additional measures to further increase checks on people and luggage at the entrances of the three European Parliament
buildings. All that is, in fact, completely certain is the fact that one can never be certain that nuclear power is completely safe. As regards the subject of our intervention, you have said that what happened
with your predecessors was that only amendments of a certain kind were accepted, and yet you are doing just the same. Mrs Berès, I am not going to continue this discussion. The role of the EU in preventing
small-scale crime should be limited to promoting exchanges of information between national authorities so as to encourage an exchange of best practice and research while respecting the principle of subsidiarity. I
am now hoping that Mr Lajčák will succeed where others have failed: that is, in bringing both parties to the table and achieving a breakthrough. (PL) I agree with Mr Mauro that in the fight against the
crises, there has not been enough action from the European Union. International harmonization or recognition of standards in this area will be absolutely essential. This has to be avoided and in this context
the Barcelona process is most important, as is partnership with the countries on the other shore of the Mediterranean. Now I know perfectly well that a whole box of tricks is going to be opened up to ensure
that it will again be 11 or 12, but this democratic decision that only 10 sessions have been scheduled continues to exist until that time. The Community's cultivable land will increase by 55 % with accession. I
would ask you to observe the Rules of Procedure on this matter, because this has not always been done, as we have seen in connection with the opinions of the Committee on Budgetary Control. I cannot understand
how China was ever allowed to organise the Olympic Games. Secondly, the decisions adopted in relation to designing the future of the Union seem to me to be very coherent with the demands of the European
Parliament. It is very important for our industry. If it does not, the Lisbon agenda will show itself to have been a soap bubble waiting to burst. What is needed is for us to debate the issue politically
and for us to see what we can do as the European Union. Spending on science in the EU is less than in the US and today we are facing the fact that we cannot compete on the world market in the field of inventions
or technology. One important area of the European strategy to combat terrorist organisations is transatlantic cooperation. How can the Member States, including Ireland, contribute more to the fight against
all forms of violence against children? I voted against this resolution because I think that after a long legislative process that began in 2000, it is now unacceptable that a shared solution has not been
proposed on the linguistic aspect of European patents. The European Union once again emphasises its firm rejection of the death penalty. Furthermore, he is unwell and has not received adequate medical treatment. It
is important not to confuse the attitudes represented by Turkish diplomats and certain intellectuals and politicians with those found in the rest of Turkey’s very class-divided society. He will do everything
in his power to ensure that something of interest to all Europeans gets through an appropriate Council. If the Commission is not sensitive to this, and does not react accordingly and send out the appropriate
signals - and this does not seem likely - then it should be aware that we will have to refuse to grant it a discharge in December. We have an extraordinary Control Agency in Vigo, which does a good job
of controlling tuna fishing in the Mediterranean. Nevertheless, I cannot shake off the feeling that many plans take a long time to come to fruition. Some institutions in Russia are weak as a result of that
same authoritarianism. There are six of these. It also recognises that if it charges the euro-vignette system then it will also have to charge similar amounts to its own UK hauliers. The Union, Europe, is
also responsible because the authorities' obsession with the deficit stems from there. Parliament and my colleagues shouting about it is not going to make any difference. Perhaps you noticed that I published
an article in the European press asking - pleading - for a European response, and some of our governments were saying, 'No, we can do it at national level. I am referring in particular to the aspects of
setting up committees, which Council intends to introduce and which Parliament is contesting strongly. This will create a law for EU-wide prosecution of traffic offences that will not be applied throughout
the EU and I consider this less than perfect, to put it mildly. The initial results of these consultations were presented to interested stakeholders at a conference on sustainable funding models for grass-root
sport in the internal market, organised by the study contractor on 16 February in Brussels. I emphasise, however, that the Commission and Parliament have the same objective: to maximise the speed and efficiency
of the Commission' s efforts on the ground in Kosovo for the people of the region. They should ensure that the restrictions introduced will promote health without threatening the development of European
agriculture. To this end, the report on which we are going to vote - for which I thank Mrs Aubert - very effectively identifies a number of strategic actions, from the promotion of commercial regulation
measures that will make it possible to identify the origin of fish caught, to the proposal on eco-labelling, which would keep illegally caught fish off the European market, and to the study on tariffs
and rules of origin. That is why we view what is going on in Malaysia so seriously. I think we can take an optimistic approach to cooperation with Lebanon. Article 9 states that self-handling is the situation
in which port services can be provided for an undertaking or by an undertaking for itself using regular personnel, not temporary personnel or personnel employed for a specific task, but 'regular land-based
personnel and/or seafaring crew'. In particular, we must protect young users from the threats that uncontrolled use of the new technologies can pose, for example, by integrating media education into school
curricula or by requiring a high level of data protection to be used as the default setting. It is feared that the number of victims could increase. It is dear to my own heart as well as to yours, and is
addressed in the upcoming hygiene regulations, where specific reference is made to special treatment in relation to traditional foods. It is foolish for us to continue with the distorted policy that has
gone on for decades whereby we allocate more funds to research into nuclear energy via Euratom than the total for EU funds for other areas of energy research. It is the fishermen themselves who frequently
complain that control is uneven. Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I think that this debate serves as a timely continuation of the debate we held in Parliament first thing this morning on the issue of
terrorism in Spain. Mr Bangemann was to deliver two statements: on the Commission's position on transatlantic relations and on the Echelon system. The human rights clauses in the Association Agreements should
not remain hollow phrases. What is more, many Member States depend on Russia for energy and have significant trade with it. I think the situation in the Gaza and the large amount of violence that we have
seen in January is one of those very difficult situations, among many other things - including the rocket and mortar attacks that have injured the Israeli civilian population - that could make the whole
process derail. However, we are concerned that some other very technical amendments are not fully consistent with the approach adopted at international level. Looking at ways we can use European Structural
Funds more effectively to help those affected by the global economic crisis is one of the many actions Member States need to take to help those who lose their jobs get back into employment as quickly as
possible. You might say something on Monday or Tuesday, but this does not necessarily mean that you will be questioned about it on the Thursday. I agree that the European Commission must play a greater coordinating
role with these three Member States, in order to reach an agreement on the submission of detailed plans, the completion of work on schedule and the volume of funding. Other contentious points include on
board diagnostics and service monitoring. These producers have made good use of the money we have provided over the past ten years and a number of them will surely also be able to benefit from the extension
that is under discussion today. This is because I do not feel that such a report is appropriate or relevant given that the European Commission, which is responsible for following Turkey’s progress towards
accession, has not yet published its report. Land is left fallow because of overproduction, but genetically modified micro-organisms are permitted because of a need to increase production and output. This
is a pure illusion. It is becoming ever more apparent that we need to expand significantly the construction of gas pipelines that carry natural gas from around the world to Europe. Even now, you have not
implemented the marketing ban. The human rights of women are always relative. The increasing complexity of retail markets, particularly those related to services, is making it more difficult for consumers
to make the best choices. When the Commissioner mentions that we are providing aid, trying to provide relief and support people, that is an important measure that not only provides direct assistance, but
also provides some comfort. We must ensure that languages that are still spoken also have the means to survive, even if it means including them within a multilingual context, otherwise we will not be able
to understand each other. This resolution criticises the Commission's uncooperative attitude, which is detrimental to both interinstitutional dialogue and the EU's public image. They are not saying a word
about the dangerous polarisation between state and society, whilst at the same time, the gulf between rich and poor is widening. I have tried to present a detailed report on the real threats, together with
comprehensive proposals on how to deal with them. We seek to embrace the ecosphere of human existence not as an object to be controlled, but as a fellow-struggler on the path of increase and improvement. This
material must be processed and stored, not at the point of delivery far away in Scotland or in England, but stored and processed as near as possible to the point of production. I wish to say something about
the many people who correspond with us about allergies. We are receiving numerous projects endeavouring to exploit the synergistic effects that create jobs. For example, an adequate network of waste processing
facilities fully complying with the standards laid down by Community legislation. I also believe that we should be careful when deciding on the details of labels, so that we do not, through the sheer compulsion
to regulate - as for example with fruit juices, where, however, we have now reached a compromise - end up leading the consumer astray with duplicated explanations and elucidations. There is no doubt that
this could achieve certain synergies. I proposed accepting the main points of this position, provided that it was accompanied by two additional guarantees. The Council directive on the quality of drinking
water is of great importance and its de facto application must be ensured. This is not the first time we have discussed this issue in Parliament, of course. In so many ways we see our education systems as
older people passing information and knowledge onto younger people. The preconditions for a reliable and sustainable energy supply, on the other hand, should be. Would the Commissioner be willing to answer
the same question again but in relation to the United Kingdom? I fully appreciate that the operational contact points have to be set up. The Commission cannot therefore accept Amendments Nos 7 (in part),
26, 56, 57, 58 and 74. Therefore, I have voted in favour of the report. This was attempted in the past, even in Europe. Of course I know as well as you do that we need clear rules, if only in order to have
fair conditions of competition and for reasons of transparency. Without them, success will elude us. There is something else that I should like to draw to the House's attention. Human rights are not guaranteed
in either country, nor are religious or other rights. I would like to thank him for his work and his commitment in this area. Is there anyone in Latvia who wants to return to a Europe where there are customs
barriers between nations? The Commission is following the situation in the cereals markets and its repercussions for farmers very closely. We are using a resource that is virtually comparable with a biofuel,
and thereby helping to combat global warming. That is how it always was in Russia, and that is how it is and will be. The agri-monetary report presented by the Commission at the end of 1996 fully confirmed
suspicions of deviation of major financial flows, which will take the increase in the base level of the agricultural guideline to about 28 %. They have already been given the perspective of membership of
the European Union and we are focusing in this document - as we were asked to do by the Copenhagen European Council - on those countries that do not have the perspective of membership. So, in future, there
will be a much better understanding of the level and ownership of derivative contracts, and an alert will be given if it seems there is a build-up of systemic risks. &#160;&#160; – Portugal has been devastated
by company relocations, which have raised unemployment to alarming levels, a phenomenon that affects women in particular. Mr President, the excellent report by our colleague, Mrs Matikainen-Kallström, on
supplementary assistance for the budget of Moldova gives us a rare opportunity to cast our eyes on this small country on the periphery of the European Union, on its economic development and political orientation. Such
religious courts, run by sick-minded fanatics, continue to this day and age to terrorise the population by handing down sentences of death, flogging and amputation. Instead of admitting the failure of the
stability mechanism in the interests of efficient crisis management, the EU has simply multiplied the risk for everyone. We should not adopt a position that in any way detracts from the position of the
increasing number of women who are demonstrating that without fear or favour they can earn their place in public life. My group’s opinion has already been stated by our leader Mr Schulz. What about the Kurdish
question, which is making no progress? This is something you must correct. Particularly since the Green Paper actually asked for something else on behalf of Parliament and its handling than what we have
now received, namely a consideration of the competition among ports instead of in ports. I would like to thank Members for the debate and of course I will talk to my colleague about the interesting points
you have made. They are one of the worst examples of ethnic violence, certainly in India, for a considerable time. We must find out why the International Atomic Energy Agency's warning was not followed up;
there was no discussion about this warning. Firstly, it has a mandate from the Member States to implement the European Development Fund, which is in fact financed by the national budgets. The June Movement
believes that the only real way forward is to abolish discrimination by creating equal conditions through cutting back on agricultural aid with a view to phasing it out entirely. We know and expect that
you will do that. However, I suppose, on reflection, that this Council is all that there is on human rights at UN level, so we will have to engage, albeit fully cognisant of the inherent contradictions
of having brutal non-democratic regimes as members of the UN Human Rights Council. Let me give you an example: the theory that it is always better, for the purpose of environmental protection, to shift
freight from the road to the railway does not automatically apply. It is therefore a good thing that states and grid operators will provide essential information on their energy delivery capacities to the
European Commission, which will then be able to assess the shortcomings of the networks and of EU energy security policy and will be able to inform individual countries about the reserve capacity in their
energy systems. An increase in capital demands for loans secured by the economy's promotional bodies and self-help institutions that are not covered by risk considerations must be excluded. How fast should
it progress? As the report itself suggests, it is first necessary to identify best practice before any reference points can be found therein. This takes around nine months. We can now say that this struggle
has been successful. We have managed to ensure that, in the event that this system does not exist after five years, there must be serious discussion and then negotiation, that the agreement must then be
terminated according to Article 21(2), and that a new agreement must be drawn up on the basis of what then exists. Quite simply, our competitiveness is at stake. The crisis management fund does not need
additional resources, but it does need to be outside the operational programmes, otherwise there will be total confusion. That is why I agree with the Commission that Turkey should be granted candidate
status and will be welcomed providing it fulfils the strict Copenhagen criteria. However, with regard to Iran we must also not forget the threat that its nuclear programme represents, as it is having a
destabilising effect on the region and on non-proliferation in general. At the moment, there is a worrying lack of information available about trading strategies. As the report stated, these losses and frozen
resources were basically imposed due to irregularities regarding invitations to tender and eligibility of expenditure, failure to use investment funds for their intended purpose and to a lack of administrative
capacity, amongst other reasons. There will be therefore no need to request a declaration of enforcement - the 'exequatur' - in the Member State of enforcement. This brings me to the draft Eurodac Convention,
and I am pleased to report that the Council did indeed reach political agreement on this in December. I note with concern the recent attacks on members of the opposition and I hope that the Iranian regime
understands how counterproductive this attitude is, and how likely it is to isolate them internationally. The procedures for other important agreements such as those with Russia and the Ukraine, signed
in June 1994, are still in progress as well. The Group of the European People’s Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats is in favour of this programme. The creation of a tighter monitoring system
and more effective punishments for the owners of animals who do not respect the welfare requirements established by law is essential, but as such measures incur higher costs for farmers, we are in favour
of the compensation grants that are included in this plan and are included in the grants scheme of the new common agricultural policy from 2013. The money raised as a result of grass-roots solidarity must
not be embezzled. At a time when the debate is raging over the nature of the European social model, children and families, with all their diversity, must be fundamental to this model. The Council on the
other hand, was informed and will make its decision on this on 12 October, but we have been cut out of the loop. First of all, in response to some speakers, the relationship between the European Space Agency
and the European Union is clearly set out in a cooperation agreement and we have an excellent relationship, in a climate of mutual respect. Young people must be able to be involved at an early stage, by
teaching them science in schools and specifically encouraging their talents. To conclude, the Council urged the Commission to introduce these proposals as quickly as possible, as soon as it had all of the
necessary information and data, including the European Parliament's point of view on the report. That tends to mean that we will be fragmenting, we will be dissipating our efforts, and that should not be
the direction we take in this area in the future. Yesterday we inaugurated the seventh term of the European Parliament. We ask you to send a signal to the acceding countries, that they are welcome in the
European Union if they comply with the conditions. So I do believe that we must now seize this opportunity to shape the future in such a way that twenty-first century Europe will be characterised by peace
and freedom, security and prosperity. I do not think that taking these steps which have been proposed in relation to TACIS would necessarily have the effect the honourable Member suggested. We would, however,
like to hear about the prospects for a crucial sector. Treaty of Lisbon. It is not correct, and I can prove it with facts and figures. The European Union insisted on explaining its fundamental viewpoint on
this matter in a last speech, which will also be included in the Conference' s report. To a certain extent, this can be countered by investments in old and new infrastructure. However, it will remain a mere
declaration of intent unless we back it up with effective measures. Ukraine, as Poland's nearest neighbour, is one of the most important partners and has the opportunity to gain more than the other partners
from this situation. The Danish Presidency, represented by Mr Haarder, Minister for European Affairs, has expressed its willingness to make a statement on behalf of the Council on the situation regarding
Iraq. We need a smoking ban, which I will come back to in a minute; advertising bans, which we already have; warnings and pictorial warnings, which we have covered; and also educational campaigns. We look
after and manage the soil. There has also been a need to break certain taboos. (IT) I think it is appropriate, in this explanation of vote, to set on record the clear progress made in the development of
the European rail network following the recent decision at the Italo-French summit in Turin to approve construction of the Turin-Lyons rail tunnel and the resulting new high-speed railway line. Fortunately,
we can establish that the looming problems are often the direct result of swift progress that has been made with European unification. With this new text, the reverse would happen at European level: public
finance from the Community budget would be intended to make European political parties - which do not exist today, or not with any real substance - 'emerge' . I would be very grateful for an answer to this
question. This does, however, make me wonder about Europe's role if local employment policy leads to a stable climate. We all have a common interest in SIS II working. Whether a candidate negotiates or prepares
himself for this, and let there be no mistake about this, it in no way influences their chances of membership, because the certainty of membership was, after all, already given to all candidates by the
decree of the European Council in 1993. It would be unjust, but if it did happen then the adjustment mechanism being proposed here today could help to repair any damage. Public and private financial institutions
must do their best to ensure that the markets work to benefit the real economy and small and medium-sized enterprises, in order to put them in a position to contribute to the economic recovery and growth
in Europe. However, we will use our best endeavours to work as quickly as possible. The issues at stake are very important, and many of them were raised during this discussion, such as the impact on high-frequency
trading. I have only had time to touch upon just a few aspects of this issue. On the other hand, I would also like to express my agreement with what Mr Kuckelkorn says in relation to the correlation established
between pension systems which cover biometric risks. The programme will finance research and development products for which industry can not expect any return on its investment. This report on the proposed
guidelines for Member States' employment policies for 1999 contains a series of recommendations relating to Member States' action plans. I had an opportunity in February of last year to accompany our Prime
Minister, Mr Juncker, on an official journey to China. Mr Schmidt and Mr Musacchio made points about the existing label business models, but we are not endorsing the existing label business models. However,
we do not exactly know the nature and dimensions of the risks involved for man and his environment from genetically modified organisms, and it is precisely for that reason that work with such organisms
must take place in areas appropriately designed to cope with every kind of risk. Madam President, it may not be obvious why, as a representative of London, I am giving an explanation of vote on a matter
concerning farming and the common agricultural policy. I hope that the declaration planned by the French Presidency for the meeting of the European Council in Nice can help to define more clearly the specific
character of sport. To my surprise, I even found - rather to my surprise I have to say - that a recent report by Francis Fishwick on the situation in the United Kingdom reaches the following conclusion. The
current tightly regulated agricultural policy is bureaucratic, ineffective and unjustifiably politically divisive. The country is in sharp moral decline: it is almost like Sodom and Gomorra. The manufacturer
is responsible for affixing the CE conformity marking, although the directives often require the intervention of a third party conformity assessment body. The Commission's new proposals are divorcing aid
from production and transferring direct aid resources for farmers to the second pillar, to the benefit mainly of businessmen. But what is crucial is that we realise that this directive has serious weaknesses
and that is beyond dispute. That is so typical of this place: full of hypocrisy and humbug. (The President asked the speaker to finish) ...as also of holding all the players involved financially liable? Morocco
is not complying with the United Nations resolutions. We lie to ourselves and we fail to take the measures which might save our lives. This would be more appropriate now than ever, at a time when we are
drawing up our draft Constitution. Another interesting proposal is the introduction of the tax on monetary transactions. Let me once again invite the Council and the Commission to cooperate with Parliament
in this joint project, this model project aimed at improving relations while at the same time causing human rights to prevail. I still think that equal treatment is best served by the principle by which,
as far as essential employment conditions are concerned, a temporary worker is compared with workers of a user company. My group commends in particular the progress made by the Baltic States, in the economic
field in Lithuania and in human rights in Latvia. That said, I am glad that this joint text was adopted in the Conciliation Committee. The word perestroika can best be translated as "to build a new house
on tried and tested foundations" . Seven months after the road transport strike in France, the European Union is beginning to be aware of gaps in its legislation on working hours. Consequently, the effect
of anti-dumping tariffs will be minimal, and in any case they apply to just 11% of the Union's total imports. It is absolutely necessary to continue expanding specific actions and programmes to support
women. These workshops have especially addressed the issues of upgrading skills, increasing access to employment, and how to maintain employment, create jobs and promote mobility. We shall struggle hard
to defeat the specious arguments which will undoubtedly be put forward to block a long-awaited directive which is both necessary and useful, in order to ensure that a significant part of the market is
governed with due regard for original, unique, unreproducible artworks that are an essential reflection of the imagination and traditions of the Europe which we hold so dear. When events of this kind occur,
the European Union must demonstrate the key benefit of a community based on solidarity, by providing aid rapidly, efficiently and without unnecessary red tape. Changes in the organization of work affect
a multitude of policy areas, including taxation. I agree that other measures may be possible but there is not currently a framework of financing which would allow us to go further, particularly in terms
of acting to reinforce the infrastructures. Ladies and gentlemen, what we have to demand - and this is what I have done in a letter to the Ministers - is that they be applied now. I believe this has also
been the approach in the Council, where an inventory has been carried out, and we are, of course, looking in the same way at the obligations that will fall on the Commission. A few words about the future. Madam
President, if Mrs Dührkop Dührkop can wax lyrical at this late hour I am sure you will allow me a little bit of levity if I say first of all that Commissioner Liikanen has virtually stolen my speech. What
that means is that they want a peaceful solution, and that is what we too are working towards. This also has to happen with the joint parliamentary committees in third countries. The Government and people
of Liberia appreciate this concerted support and we are keen to harness it for the recovery, reconstruction and development of our country. This is what happened, and it underlines the great political importance
which the Council attaches to dialogue with Parliament. Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, just a few months ago, in this Chamber, in the presence of Israeli and Palestinian representatives, we discussed
the possibility of Middle East peace process, at last, approaching its goal. The Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Policy has already given us a taste of what to expect: 33 votes
for, 0 against, 0 abstentions. I think Parliament's proposal to amend that annex is acceptable, as is the introduction of certain changes to the sectors where resorting to the comitology procedure is envisaged. In
Europe, we must ensure that we establish stronger ties with countries that share our values. With regard to the location, I agree with those who have said that it does not make sense to have it anywhere
but Brussels, for the reasons that have already been stated and which I shall not repeat. Macedonia in particular needs urgent help here. As in the past, the Council will make the final decision concerning
the designation of the city. Freedom of competition is also something which should be examined at national level not by EU edict. I do believe, though, that we must make a big issue of heating with renewable
energies too. And as regards the European Union in particular, to make it crystal clear at long last to Turkey and to its non-European supporters, not just in words but - I repeat - with deeds, that the
door by which Turkey is to enter the European family, even though there is some doubt as to whether it belongs there, will remain very firmly shut unless it absolutely and unreservedly brings its internal
and international conduct into line with the rudimentary rules of law and ethics which underpin the workings of a modern cultivated society. After consultations with consumer associations, European Blind
Union representatives and the vending machines industry, research was carried out to take into account the specific requirements of important categories of coin users. Each year in the 25 EU Member States,
approximately 400&#160;000 workers become permanently disabled because of a workplace-related accident or disease. We know that modernisation would not be possible without abundant reserves of cheap oil,
coal and gas. Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I do not think it could possibly be disputed that the energy matter in all its aspects is now an important element in the Union's foreign
policy and external relations. The most stupefying fact is that there are people still in prison today, some of them serving final prison sentences and some under preliminary detention, who were leading
figures of the anti-government protests. Look at the appendices for example. "Compromise" is not a good translation of "compromis". These high-quality reception facilities will be one of the criteria on which
the award of the European university label will depend. No longer having any resources, he will have to take his troops home with him; these troops have to get paid and he does not have the resources to
do this. Bureaucracy is not free of charge, but it is often pointless. Do we not even have the least concern for our reputation? On a slightly longer term view, it is not however enough merely to redistribute
resources within the agricultural sector. The legal foundations and forms of cooperation for the struggle against international organised crime and terrorism will be expanded and strengthened. The countermeasures
coming from Jakarta, particularly the military ones, are still producing a reverse effect. We therefore wish to express our solidarity with workers who are directly or indirectly affected. I am not speaking
about the greenhouse effect, but the global socialisation of the economy, by means of ecological standards which will apply to some countries and not to others. I voted in favour of this resolution on European
Broadband: investing in digitally driven growth. I am happy to make the reports available, but I cannot answer the question in detail right now. In the interests of all Members of the Union it is therefore
essential to take all necessary action to reduce such differences, which will facilitate development of the Union as a whole. This is not surprising given that the proposal to create a European prevention
network is structured not only around public and judicial authorities but also the private sector, with links to Europol, OLAF and the European Drugs Observatory. We agree with the rapporteur that more
attention should be paid to the approximately 400 000 persons who are in prison in the different Member States. We now have to focus on the implementation of its proposals. Mr&#160;Piscarreta mentioned the
idea of going further, as did Mr&#160;Pittella himself, in entrusting the Member States with management: yes, I am ready to go very far in decentralising management, but naturally, that means that first
there must be a better sharing of financial responsibility. But there is a second war in Kosovo, and of this we have no pictures. Commissioner, I should like to thank the Commission for its proposal, for
I regard all those railway packages, like the passengers’ rights proposal, as being an important element of the EU’s transport policy. That procedure would end up by granting unlimited rights of asylum
and, in addition, broaden the concept of 'refugee' set out in the 1951 convention by extending it to other forms of temporary protection. Thus, the hope is that this treaty will become a reality, that it
will be agreed, finally, and that this Parliament will become, with us, a fully-fledged institutional actor in the fight against terrorism. There has been a fundamental contradiction in the draft since
work commenced, a contradiction which it has never been possible to eliminate. In my view, neither the happiness nor the quality of life of women in the Mediterranean area is served by making migrants out
of ever more of them and by causing migration towards the EU' s Member States to be seen as a desirable goal, thanks to increasingly lax regulations concerning visas and the treatment of illegal residents. We
must recognise that there was once a time when the pro-European movement had a heart and soul. This is due in part to the highly fragmented legal framework in Europe. Finally, I hope that we will also learn
a lesson from this procedure when we renew the service regulations for all the Union's staff. We do not like the wording, but because the rest of the report is constructive, we chose to vote in favour of
it. We must make the 2006 stage mandatory. The Czech presidency will follow the matter and will take any further necessary steps on behalf of the EU, if appropriate, and will continue to raise this issue
in our contacts with the authorities in Minsk. The resolution also talks about the need to give more rice as food aid, which would be very easy to do. I think Parliament often protests about this method,
not to point the finger at any specific party within the Council, and I certainly would not want the Portuguese Presidency to feel responsible for this state of affairs, since, the truth is, it is something
of a tradition, which the Council has kept going for a long time. They played a critical part, too, at least as far as Mr Hahn is concerned - now that he is gone we can say that - and the same tradition
is being carried on by others. The constant rises in the price of crude have led to a sharp increase in companies’ operating costs, placing the sector in a completely impotent situation, given that it is
impossible for them to pass the rises on to the prices of the service they provide. There is therefore a huge area for us to deal with, in particular because the Commissioner herself earlier this afternoon
in Question Time painted a somewhat grim picture of the sustainability of fish stocks and coastal communities into the future. The Clinton years in the United States showed that it is possible to have economic
growth rightly based on investment in the knowledge economy and in new technologies, but without pulling the social model up with it, since the President did not, at that time, have a majority in Congress
or political support for the implementation of a social policy that would provide for such a balance. A request had also been made to spread the projects and planning for this Conference over all the desks:
democracy, reconstruction and safety, in the knowledge that, at the end of the day, a bridge is more expensive than a training centre or mine-clearance programme. As I have expressed previously, I fully
expect my colleagues in Brussels and the heads of our EU delegations to do the same. I believe that the Lisbon Agenda is in jeopardy. And it was the European Commission which stopped the programmes. Policies
and strategies that enable Europeans to adapt better and quicker to the challenges of the twenty-first century - especially in a crisis situation - must also be sought. Our work can have practical results,
something which is needed. It really calls into question the political line taken by the European Commission on food health and safety. Mr President, honourable Members, the Copenhagen summit was a great
triumph, a success both for the new Member States and for the European Union, a success for all those who have worked for so many years to enable the enlargement to take place, adding the new Member States,
the candidate countries in Eastern Europe, Malta and Cyprus. Rewarding the grasshoppers and punishing the ants will not help the euro: it will do nothing to further European integration at this very sensitive
point in its development. Mr President, Commissioner, Mrs Gebhardt, in 2006, my group, the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance, voted against the Services Directive, and today, we consider the report
assessing the implementation of this Services Directive, previously known as the Bolkestein Directive, to be equally unsatisfactory. The sanction applies here to the offending employer, whilst the migrant
is considered to be the victim. Sometimes members of the public look at matters relating to banks and financial institutions with rather a jaundiced eye and see them as charging excessive interest and making
huge profits at their expense. However, that vocational training must include a large portion of general knowledge, language learning and so on, which means that the big employers must not be involved in
the running, management or even the inspiration of that training. At a certain point it is necessary to either move towards action or to stop altogether. The problem can only be solved if Kosovo is preserved
and Macedonia and Albania are not further destabilised by it, as Milosevic wishes to do. The overall agreement contains no mechanisms for enforcing compliance with human rights. The Czech Presidency succeeded
in kicking off the Eastern Partnership project which is a continuation of the neighbourhood policy, this time in an eastward direction. The document register has thus been on the Internet at the disposal
of the public since the start of this year. The first draft sought - absurdly - to outlaw political party campaigning with public money. Otherwise, how can we possibly talk about a "European social model'
? I am also pleased with what the Council adopted from Parliament in first reading. These are: the education cycle (which covers three stages: bachelor, masters, doctorate), provision of high-quality education
and recognition of qualifications obtained and periods of higher education study. With a budget corresponding to 1.07% of GDP in payment appropriations, we shall have the resources to ensure that policies
can be implemented in future. To be specific, there is a programme in Guatemala costing EUR 2.5 million that acts on three levels. In connection with this, the Union has set aside considerable financial
aid for measures to develop the rural districts by means of the so-called SAPARD programme. It is closely connected with the initiative that has been presented on the freezing and confiscation of property,
for which Mr Marinho was the rapporteur, and the Commission intends to maintain the overall coherence between the two initiatives. On the issue of investment in refining capacity, it is important to recognise
that this is already taking place, but prices are sending a signal that even greater investment is needed throughout the oil sector, including in refining capacity; greater transparency and improved investment
climates are needed to help bring forth the necessary investment that we have been arguing for. Obviously, ladies and gentlemen, all this will work only if the Member States supply the necessary investment
because we cannot have a successful railway policy until we make the trans-European networks a reality, and guarantee interoperability on all the major lines, notably through the ERTMS. We support a discriminating
free-market analysis of the wide-ranging factors which are responsible for the relocation of industrial production, and we oppose interventionist regulations which would impose a burden on companies. I
am convinced that the future of European manufacturing lies in increasing the added value and the quality of products, and in a qualified, flexible workforce. Mr President, a brief response to some of the
points that have emerged during the debate. If the secret services have proof, they should announce it in all the newspapers. One of the most serious problems continues to be the lack of water for both drinking
and other purposes. &#160;&#160; Madam President, there is widespread frustration and bafflement in Europe at the failure of the Middle East peace process to make any headway, even though we all think we
know what the result of that process should be: two states and the territorial disputes sorted out amicably. The content and the quality of the ideas expressed by individual Members of Parliament can only
be judged by the people who elect them. This amendment would restrict the directive to covering public ports only. We must ensure that the regulations now on the table make provision for EU aid to the Western
Balkans to be delivered quickly, flexibly and unbureaucratically, in cooperation with the local population and local bodies. Well then, get your staff to compile it. I congratulate him on this report, as
I do Mr Danjean. The reason for my abstention is not complicated. First, as I have already said, we are entirely receptive and willing to accept the principle rightly stated by Mrs Read, that we must now
give consideration to consumers, and to particular groups of consumers. We should have the sort of Council that functions well and in which the main objective is the common interest. Thus joked the world-leading
marine biologist Willy Kristensen in the film 'The End of the Line' on the depletion of fish stocks in the world's oceans. I therefore invite the Members of Parliament who form the great majority, those
who last November ruled that the future of Europe was deserving of debates that went far wider than the Amsterdam leftovers, to take up their pilgrims' staffs and go and convince their own governments
that this IGC must be extended, since this is permitted according to the resolution of the Helsinki Council. Mr Hatzidakis has said that it should be withdrawn and you have said that we should defer. I hope
that no national or state government will make the mistake of allowing this company to close plants and destroy jobs in the Union's territory. However, biotechnology also raises a series of new and very
difficult issues to which we must respond. That is our challenge, but for now, we will be more humble and limit ourselves to approving this first legislative polishing exercise, for which I would like to
congratulate our Chair, Mr Simpson. We know from complaints received, certainly in my case, from UK citizens that it has not been easy for insurance companies to provide such cover. It is a dramatic end,
it is a sudden end, and it is a shocking end. I want to point out two areas where we have to be very cautious when we enter negotiations on this green package. Old international agreements prevent the taxes
imposed on transport on the ground from being levied on aviation. We cannot, however, start to compete with the Chinese on pay. New initiatives are appearing, such as Aviation Valley, but at the same time,
Podkarpacie is one of the most poorly developed areas in the European Union. Mr President, I have slept on the problem and think this is an excellent idea. We unfortunately discovered that these structural
deficiencies above all result in low productivity and high production costs. I have touched in my report on elements of the school curriculum and I wish to emphasize in this speech the importance of including
in our programme links with central and eastern Europe with the accession countries. &#160;&#160; – Mr&#160;President, Commissioner, ‘Working together for health’ is a lovely motto for World Health Day,
as long as it is also taken seriously by all those making speeches, producing press releases or conveying messages on the occasion of 7&#160;April. It was very easy to come to a joint resolution and, as
you see, there are no amendments to this resolution, so we are united behind it. As a result the directive would have had little or no relevance for a country such as my own – Malta – where we have no rivers
but we do, none the less, have floods. We need new investment in energy, new innovative technologies and new operators. It is clear that the European Union has been moving in that direction. On International
Women's Day, there is one thing we Europeans must all acknowledge: in our continent, we still have not achieved equal rights, but the dramatic injustice towards women in other parts of the world, ranging
from genital mutilation to the compulsory wearing of the veil, all these basic fundamental rights that women and, above all, girls worldwide are deprived of, should not only concern us on 8 March. There
would be no sense in such a move. For these reasons, I have recommended three amendments to the Commission' s proposal, the first of which concerns the general ceiling for the guarantee fund, and the two
others the reconciliation of the guarantee percentage rate with Mrs Rühle' s report. I will never allow any fellow-Member to say that I take money from anyone. Until now there has not been any protection
for residents as a specific exposure group. Obviously, we have not found a final answer to this question. We are convinced that individual Member States can successfully take the measures required for giving
the general public access to appropriate information on climate issues. The final part, and the most complex, considers the elimination of all existing antipersonnel mines. It turns out, of course, that
boys have more TV sets, more PCs in their rooms etc. It confers new powers on the European Union: hence, new opportunities for spending money. This represents prospects for industry and more employment. He
reached an agreement with the Government of Sudan on a series of benchmarks laid down in the communiqué of 3 July. Commissioner Barnier has pointed out that oyster farming and agriculture would be eligible
under Article 30 of the regulation concerning rural development, forestry would be eligible under Article 33, companies would be eligible under exemptions from the competition law stated in Article 87(2)
of the Treaty and public facilities would be eligible under the Structural Funds. I believe that the European Parliament should take a stand on the question of this loss and, given that the Commission's
reply was unsatisfactory, I propose that the President of Parliament write to the Turkish president calling for a halt to work to complete the dam, which will result in the definitive loss of a piece of
European cultural heritage. When the people in that country are committed to respect for the innate dignity of every human person, these differences are seen as enriching, and people are valued. Let us combat
homophobia wherever it occurs: in politics, in the media and in the circles in which we all move. No-one knew anything about bananas. These issues touch the lives of our citizens in a way that other issues
never could. Moreover, the national legislations recently adopted are extremely varied. in writing. - I voted in favour of this report and would like to urge EU and GCC leaders to intensify cooperation,
especially in the area of trade, since negotiations on a free-trade agreement between the EU and the GCC were opened 20 years ago and still have not been concluded. It is in the interests of our citizens
that the 2020 programme succeeds in stimulating the creation of good jobs and rising living standards, and it is in the interests of the free world that the 2020 programme points the way to a stronger
economic future for all our citizens. EMAS was first introduced in 1995 and was extended in 2001 to both public and private sector organisations. There has been the most extraordinary harmonisation in the
justice and home affairs field. I am duty-bound to tell Parliament that the Commission has very strong concerns about this matter. (PL) Mr President, the process of European integration is not something
bad in itself; quite the contrary, in fact. In this, preconditions, such as a sound local infrastructure and stability play a crucial role in the approach to health care. Explanation of vote: I welcome the
fact that the plenary is devoting attention to the International Renewable Energy Agency (IRENA), and am pleased that I was able to vote in support of it. Member of the Commission. - I can say that there
are mechanisms, there is monitoring. Mr Bolkestein, the text we have before us should be judged by whether it creates more bureaucracy or makes life easier for banks and citizens in the single European
Union. We will keep on being in the lead. In any case, in view of the situation in south-east Asia, I think it is a bit risky to talk of European investments at the moment. I should like to commend the rapporteur
for having tackled all the most important problems and thank her for having adopted all my amendments. I naturally welcome the work that the Council has done on this eighth report and I would like in particular
to congratulate it on the paragraph dedicated to action by the European Parliament. There is no understandable reason for excluding the solar industry from the regulations. It sounds environmentally aware
to blame the consumers who buy packaged food or packaged products. Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, is the price of our coffee maintained at the cost of our conscience? Mr President, in
1985 Portugal said 'no' to nuclear power, when faced with an advanced project to build four nuclear power stations. Confidence is not gained through a devaluation. Despite the fact that the European Parliament
went a long way in the negotiations by accepting the Council's budget proposal for 2011, offering a solution to large and difficult financing projects such as the ITER fusion research programme, and promising
a swift approval of amending budget No 10, which involved Member States receiving back just over EUR 600 million, a minority of Member States, including Sweden, have blocked the continuation of the negotiations. Chinese
ambassadors say that their national honour is violated when this is criticised from abroad. We must give it back its priority significance and open up the development potential due to it. The one thing about
these figures is that we have to look for prudence. However, I will take part in the debate. I must also say that our shadow rapporteur, Mrs Parvanova, did an excellent job. It is primarily the Commission's
responsibility to shape the future of the EU. The UN Security Council has endorsed the deployment of a UN-mandated European force and the consequence is that the European Union is immediately under international
scrutiny to determine what it is actually capable of achieving in foreign policy and military terms. In that way, it will create mechanisms for preventing crises like the one we are currently experiencing,
by reacting in a timely way and contributing to resolving the systemic problems that persist in our large markets. As talks on the trade in agricultural products are also to be conducted in accordance with
a comprehensive agenda but without any predetermined conclusion having been reached concerning forms of subsidy and timetables, this difficult matter, too, can now be negotiated peaceably whilst the Union'
s common agricultural policy is being reformed. Mr President, Mr Herman, I should first of all like to congratulate you on your excellent report and on the way you have been receptive to suggestions from
your colleagues. Thank you both for your intervention and for your words of encouragement, but please rest assured that this Presidency has great staying power. It is a battle we must all fight together,
which is why we need the public. Legislation that permits prostitution must be evaluated and compared, for example, with the Swedish legislation that criminalises the client. This is how we made the transition
from the growth models of the 1950s, according to which the economy sooner or later stabilises and loses its momentum, to the endogenous growth models of the 1980s, in which technology and the design of
constantly different and innovative products allow the economy to maintain a positive growth rate over the long term. If you tell us the Commission, and the Commission says the Council, you hang minority
rights. This proposed resolution seeks therefore to overcome the problem of internal imbalances and unsustainable debt, and also to redress important disparities in terms of competitiveness among Member
States. On the basis of Mr Markov's proposals, and with his cooperation, the report has developed, leading to greater flexibility for the driver, because it is the driver who is aware of levels of tiredness
at any given moment and it must be they who call the shots in terms of rests and the distribution of working time. Mr President, the situation in Burma is disastrous. A number of honourable Members indeed
raised this as a particular point. The treaties are not giving us everything we want. A bilateral meeting of the Korean and the EU industry and administration is under preparation for mid-December 1999. Knowledge
is today the real raw material of work. We know very well that there have been and still are a number of problems here, and it is the MEPs who are here now who over the last five years have ensured that
the necessary reforms are made in numerous places in the interests of the MEPs. They have, in the past, taken up a disproportionate share of the European budget without ever having been profitable, or showing
any signs of becoming so. The Member States have been developing research efforts in this field. They have shown determination, effectiveness, understanding and sensitivity to the various points of view
- a model of how we should work together. Finally, it is no longer a question of European political parties, but rather of political parties at European level. For its part, the Commission is cooperating
with the Member States and with Europol with the same aim. I repeat that one of our top priorities is to safeguard suitable funding for Natura 2000 and that is why I particularly value Parliament's support
on this issue. (RO) Mr President, I wish to emphasise that the obstacles preventing the development of SMEs, the creation of jobs and innovation in Europe have still not been removed. In my role as deputy
chairman of the delegation for the EU's relations with Lithuania, I would like to make the brief observation that, when we had our JPC meeting there last week, we had extensive discussions of why we were
not very happy about the possible practical effects of the agreement on Kaliningrad. In other transport sectors, innovation has made great strides; here, though, it is limping along behind. The Members are
keen to have the service attached to the European Commission and part of the overall community budget. However, that concern should not stop there, but should also include help for those who, through no
fault of their own, have been stranded at airports. In order to achieve that, we must urgently combine the economic potential of all 27 EU Member States and better coordinate their policy in the area of
the economy. (IT) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, a few years ago in Italy, it was claimed that foodstuffs mixed in the shed by farmers were to be considered as feed, and thus the sheds
were to be considered as feed factories. I believe that these are substantial changes, which are unjustifiable. 1997 will be a key year in its achievement, in which it will become clear which Member States
can participate. To date, the governments of Member States have avoided doing so. (HU) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the destiny of Europe is affected significantly by whether it is capable
of developing societies that include and support children. This is a good thing, but the problem is that the Member States have not up till now had a clear enough vision of how cooperation under the third
pillar might be more effectively developed. This is why my group tabled 16 amendments to the McCartin report on the COM for fisheries products. It is a precious resource and it is there for the good of the
public, not for individual control or profit. Too many fragmentary initiatives have been devised with different motives, timing and procedures, and this opportunity should be taken to put them all into
some kind of order. Why, then, have we not managed to get the Members who were in this Chamber earlier to vote to stay here and take part in this debate, to get angry about what the Commission or the Council
say, to come up with their own proposals, to express their agreement or disagreement, to make criticisms or contribute to debate? Those who voted 'No' also want to tell us something. And, finally and most
importantly, yes to maintaining and defending industrial jobs in Europe. This is explicitly stated in Protocol 15 on economic and social cohesion of the Treaty. I am very pleased to be able to say that I
have no important questions to ask him in this connection. I should also mention Amendments 30, 40 and 41, which aim at granting benefits to railway companies. Even if we deployed policemen, as you have
demanded, this would not completely solve the problem. Mr President, honourable Members, the issues that we are debating are extremely important. It is quite clear that we need to have a European defence
identity and, therefore, the St Malo initiative must be followed up rapidly. We also need to attack the delay - and even obstruction - on the part of Member States in transposing Community legislation into
national law, ignoring Commission views, and even disregarding decisions of the Court of Justice, so that 220 legislative texts, or 15 % of the total, remain to be transposed. As a result, according to
studies by the World Bank and the UN, the Palestinian people have been reduced to the poverty and malnutrition levels of sub-Saharan Africa. In this report it is stated, amongst other things, that the compulsory
mention of 'homeopathic medicinal product without approved therapeutic indication' on the label of homeopathic products has pejorative overtones which have a discriminatory effect. That exposes these funds
to numerous risks, and the safeguards against these risks are still extremely unclear. These efforts should not be tainted by the bad example set by the European Police College (CEPOL). No doubt Algerian
history has something to do with it. Your presence, and the presence of the Commissioners, during this sitting today is the best evidence that the intentions of the Commission agree with the facts. It is
a positive development that water management requirements are to be integrated into a single system - hydrological basin management, which is based more on geographical and hydrological areas than on administrative
and national borders. Statistical data has shown it to be an influential sector of the economy, creating new jobs within the EU and providing jobs for 11 million people, which represents almost 7% of the
labour force. Their new legislation provides cereal growers, until the year 2000, with a level of subsidies at least equivalent to what it was previously. However, we are not referring to the 1995 accounts
but the 1992 accounts and we can say that there is something wrong in the state of Ireland and several other Member States when you look at the clearance of accounts. That is crucial and we await Mr Bendtsen's
report, which will go into more detail on that. As you well know, and as the rapporteur has reminded us, the main question being debated deals with judgments by the competent court on contracts concluded
with consumers on the Internet. Amendments Nos 6, 13 and 19 propose the introduction of further measures in future on the basis of regularly conducted structural studies on the sector and on price formation. This
is because of the lack of competition in the European Union across borders and within different areas. As for the issue of the Western Sahara, which was mentioned in another question, the Council has been
supporting the work of the Secretary-General of the United Nations, the work of his Special Representative for the region, Ambassador Eagleton, and that of the Special Envoy, Mr Bacon. However, I welcome
the fact that the Commission cannot go along with the rapporteur's views on this and I hope that common sense will prevail in conciliation. As a final point, I should like to indicate briefly that not only
must the allocation procedures be transparent, but that matters should also be dealt with swiftly and efficiently. The natural disaster in Poland began with local flooding caused by a lack of storm drains
and low retention, and was followed by large-scale floods. The President of the Assembly of the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Mr Stojan Andov, is in the official gallery. I think that is quite obvious. We
have here one of the most positive reports on this area in recent years. Benzene is in fact a substance for which no safe limit value can be fixed. My group - the European Liberal, Democrat and Reform Group
- should vote unanimously for the Commission and its President. As it was not mentioned, Azerbaijan looked better, but now we need a little more balance. Much debate has centred on whether drawing an arbitrary
line at 75 % GDP, without taking into account underlying trends, is an approach which will deliver a genuine list of priority areas. Despite the difficulties arising from the situation in Italy, and contrary
to the rather pessimistic forecasts that were widespread even in the European Parliament, at Turin the Italian presidency proposed a range of content for the conference which corresponds suitably to the
expectations of Parliament and of everyone who believes in Europe. It has been the most secular society and continues to be secular, not subject to an imposed religious society as has been represented in
some Hamas statements. Madam President, Indonesia is an area of the world that has been criticized many times in this Parliament, particularly because of East Timor. Unfortunately, reading the current proposals
on the EU's Europe 2020 strategy, I get the feeling that once again this may simply remain empty words, if we fail to take into account the opinions of those who will have to implement this strategy, in
other words, young people. That being so, I find it negligent, to say the least, that the Member States' transport ministers have blocked such an important instrument in the Council for over two years. Johannesburg
placed greater political focus on the actual WTO process and its significance for developing countries. We have no inferiority complex about that. Certified websites are a step in the right direction, but
are not yet enough. In common with the majority of those in this Chamber, I agree that a register will represent progress in terms of the transparency of the legislative procedure, but in my opinion this
is only a first step. Therefore, I welcome and agree with the recommendations to the Commission on the proposed measures relating to the freezing and disclosure of debtors' assets in cross-border cases. I
am referring to the murder of Zoran Đinđić, former Prime Minister of Serbia. That is no mean feat. Are we, at the same time, aware of the risk that these centralised instruments will further restrict the
principle of subsidiarity? Britain, being outside the eurozone, should be unaffected by these debts, but our previous government underwrote GBP 10 billion worth of debts under the exceptional occurrences
clause of the Lisbon Treaty and the present government will continue to supply loans directly and indirectly. We join with the grief and condemnation over the launch of missiles on Sderot and also the fact
that people were killed and injured there, but at the same time we wish to call upon the Palestinian and Israeli authorities to cease disproportionate, excessive and illegal retaliation against Palestinian
political and civilian figures. Then we will be able to begin to realize our ideal, that of a Europe of liberties and of national democracies, known as the "Europe of Nations' . This scandal must be brought
to an end and I am confident that it will be brought to an end in the very near future. I personally have come to the conclusion that we can do very little – and, unfortunately, we have done very little
– to discover anything new about the situation, about its causes and about who is to blame. Again, we think this is an important step. The debate on own resources, against the backdrop of the prospect of
a federal Europe, will probably be one of the thorniest political issues to be faced in the future. Madam President, like many colleagues, I also think that the unity of the European Union is very important,
not only in visa policy but other issues related to the United States of America. Nobody will regret it if you land more punches in future. So at last we are getting together to debate this issue, and together
we should try to make the best of it. Vice-President of the Commission. - (DE) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, the Communication from the Commission on the European interest that has served as the
basis for today's debate is nothing more than a kind of discussion paper. We all realize the harmful effects which the pollutants addressed in this directive have on public health and the environment, and
the urgent need for binding limit values. We must not miss it. The opening up of financial markets should, naturally, go hand in hand with an adequate level of consumer protection, and this was also requested
this evening in this debate. Insofar as the protests raise all these questions, it is up to us to answer them. This report is another part of the package of six pieces of legislation on so-called economic
governance, and is one of the package's key pieces of legislation. The British Government's inept handling of the British-generated BSE crisis has led to collapsing beef sales all across Europe. The European
Parliament has moreover always said: "The door is open and it will remain open' , but of course on condition that general, universal human rights are recognizedd, and I hope that we in the European Parliament
can continue to speak positively in favour of this. On the other hand, we have a problem as a funder, for example if they want to do something very daring that may get them into trouble and we just do what
we can on the issue of security, no questions asked. While I appreciate that recently there was more commitment from the Council and the Commission, I hope that the necessary funds will be available so
that these intentions can be translated into effective results. Canada, China, Japan, the USA - and now, it seems, India as well - are in agreement in the wish to converge their standards towards IFRS. We
also need to resolve the constitutional issue. For 2003 we have two goals: to help bridge the transition from the humanitarian phase to reconstruction, and to support the UN in fulfilling its mandate under
Security Council Resolutions 1483 and 1511. It was shattered dramatically by the events of recent days. When is this Parliament going to face up to, and debate, the injustices being done in the name of the
European Arrest Warrant? Children's programmes must be subject to stricter standards, for obesity is an increasing problem. The age of consent varies between countries: 13 years in Spain and the Netherlands,
17 years in Northern Ireland and in the Republic of Ireland. There will be an extraordinary meeting of the Council during the Hungarian Presidency in 2011, with primarily energy policy issues on the agenda. At
the moment the Commission is involved. At present, knowing that approximately 30% of families, at least, do not even have access to the Internet, and that 20% of people within the EU live in poverty, how
does the European Commission intend to ensure this objective of broadband for everyone by 2013? Work is the most important route of escape from poverty, and it is therefore particularly worrying that the
1975 directive on equal pay for male and female employees has still not been implemented. For that we also need cooperation with Russia. Whereas one would have expected the European Commission to limit the
role of these agencies, on the contrary, their role was upgraded and formalised in a new regulation in November 2009. As a bad example of such a futile measure, I would remind the Commission of the cod
contingency plan which it launched for the North Sea in the winter of 2000. Should we abolish interest? Neither the soldiers who have revolted nor the Gbagbo Government have the legitimacy to represent the
mosaic of peoples gathered together in Côte d'Ivoire. (PPE-DE). - (DE) Mr President, I voted in favour of the report because I believe firstly that it is a good one and secondly that it points in the right
direction. Let me start by saying that serious scientific studies have shown that there is no reason for anxiety in relation to the issue of the harmful effects of depleted uranium ammunitions on health. Romania
will be accepted ... Looking at other parts of the world, in particular - large parts of Asia, for example - boys are more highly regarded than girls; they yield more for the family. Mr President, conflict
prevention has hitherto not been a real priority. European Union delegations must include an adequate number of officials specialised in human rights and dedicated to pursuing the universal abolition of
the death penalty. They concealed this information from the others, and yet we are all in the same boat, and such things affect many people. The goal is to do away with the practice, common in the railway
sector, of resorting to national standards to obstruct the approval of rolling stock already approved by other States. You can vote for the views of a few angry old men - and I say that of men and women,
but mainly men - of the extremes in this Parliament and the extremes in this European Union, on the right and on the left, and you will get plenty of noise and plenty of colour photo opportunities and
headlines, but there will be no work done in this House. I want to start by discussing my own report. I have therefore voted in favour of this report. If the summary is false, misleading or inconsistent,
it must be possible, in consequence of this, for those responsible to be brought to account. My vision of the internal market is that all countries, irrespective of the distance between them and the centre
of Europe, should be able to compete on equal terms. The repressive measures, however, will not be able to stop the fight by the workers against this warmongering, anti-labour, autocratic policy and the
promising march to claim satisfaction of their contemporary needs. As far as some other details of the questions are concerned, we will give a written answer. The Charter will influence the development of
law in the EU and, gradually, it will probably acquire more and more support. Because legislation comes into effect in the EU by means of a Council decision resulting from the social dialogue process, the
fact that the European Parliament is not involved creates the problem of a lack of democratic legitimation for such legislation. It will, of course, take place in full respect of Community legislation and
the institutional framework. The total catch quota for the Baltic is high, however. We supported a safety net proposal. The Commission should not hide behind the Council any longer. Because that is what there
will be around the table. Both large and small boats can do that, and small boats may even be more likely to do so. I would like to mention three things in particular. Yet when we get down to details, the
plan as it currently stands ought to be based on the fully realistic opportunities offered by current energy resources. We are making sure that whilst there will be upgradings in line with the promotion
aspects of the service commitments, we will not be allowing the fast-tracking that was destined to lead to this enormous extra cost in the coming year or two. If the EU had the same road safety records
as these two countries there would be 17&#160;000 fewer road fatalities a year, a reduction of 39% on current levels, going a great way to achieving the 50% reduction in fatalities by 2010. Considering
the three texts as a package, I would say that - thanks to the three rapporteurs and to very thorough discussions in all our committees - they successfully reconcile opening the internal market, in other
words removing barriers, with the concern for safety which has become so evident especially since last summer. This makes what you are doing here an expression of organised irresponsibility. For example,
in the communication entitled "Retail payments in the internal market" of January 2000; in my reply to Parliament on the Peijs report of 26 October 2000; and further in the Commission's round table conference
entitled "Establishing a single payment area" of 9 November 2000. Thirdly, the assertion that the European Central Bank's cutting of interest rates and the introduction of the euro in Europe could nip an
international financial crisis in the bud, is one that I consider incapable of being proven. Commissioner Frattini mentioned the Fourniret case a moment ago. Let me once again stress how important it is
that the European Parliament produce an opinion in respect of a new directive on pig keeping, and I am very pleased to have Mr Whitehead' s support on this matter. The report issued by the Task Force has
been adopted by its members, including the European Commission representative, Commissioner Rehn. The Council is committed to continuing to strengthen export control policies and practices in cooperation
with our partners in various export control regimes and in other third countries. Both left- and right-wing extremism should equally be rejected. If you really look into it you will see that three quarters
of all the world's nuclear energy is produced in just six countries, while there are one or two others that have a marginal share of the nuclear power market. If education achieves this practical aim and
makes a person better prepared for work, and if that person can keep up with the competitive environment, that is certainly a good thing. In fact, a supposedly civilised society such as ours, which flies
the flag of human rights, cannot tolerate the manipulation of the human being, even in its embryonic state, however noble the objective may be. Mr President, the most important aspect of this budget is
how it aids and supports the economy of Europe in its entirety, as well as developing and strengthening the economy - something which is really needed at present. There can be no legislation on takeover
bids that is not in some way grounded in the fact that a company is also its employees. This is a process that will take some years, two phases during which Europe will finally come into being or will cease
to exist! In contrast, we all know that in the European Union, half a million people die prematurely from the effects of smoking every year. Madam President, I would like to thank Mr Mulder for his report
and all the work he has done on it. We condemn Russia's disproportionate and indiscriminate use of force against the Chechen population. Mr President, the process by which we have come to the point of prolonging
the European Agency for Reconstruction's mandate does not merit high marks for artistic performance. In our opinion, one of the most important problems in the Mediterranean area, in other words, illegal
immigration, forms part of the six main strategic projects and, therefore, urgently needs to be included. I am not aware that the present basis of recruitment has meant any problems in recent years for
the European institutions in maintaining a body of high-quality personnel. The problem facing us - and this is also the verdict of the scientists who have been working on the cases of this so-called new
type of Creutzfeldt-Jakob syndrome - is that we cannot rule out the possibility that this strain of CJD is transmissible or that it is caused by BSE. This report puts men and women on a par with animals,
unable to control their sexual impulses, which drive them inexorably to copulation. It means to impose this on the Member States without the option of exemption, and on the candidate countries, without
taking account of their specific geographic position. The Committee on the Environment demands that the legal basis be changed from Article 130s to 100a, which is not based on environmental care, but solely
on the wish of the European Parliament to change the decision procedure from cooperation procedure to codecision procedure. The Commission later also began initiatives in this area, and a working group
was established in 2008 between Parliament and the Commission. We Europeans, however, can only drive forward this process of weighing up the situation if we have a common view. By ensuring that the ban comes
into force as soon as possible, we shall increase the chances of achieving a result swiftly. Certainly, the text could have been worded somewhat more concisely and succinctly at some points, but we should
see the report for what it is - an interim answer. This is a problem which, as several Members of Parliament have said, does not only exist in Africa. - (GA) Madam President, could the Commissioner expand
on what he has said about volunteering or volunteer work in sport and about how the Commission will promote this? I believe that during the current time of economic crisis, the EU enlargement process offers
a solution for revitalising the European Union's economy. I welcome the initiative to ban exports of mercury because, despite the restrictions imposed in recent years, its use has not declined significantly. So,
we will not accept that, under the guise of ecotaxes, an attempt is in actual fact made to create a European tax. Mr President, President of the Commission, we still have a practical work programme for
2009, on which we could comment. Since the breakdown in peace talks and the subsequent declaration of martial law in this province in May 2003, the Indonesian security forces have launched a significant
joint operation against the Free Aceh Movement. I address this to President Santer and to the Irish Prime Minister. Intervention in Sudan must be based on a UN mandate, affording the greatest possible international
support. On behalf of my Group too I also deplore the violence shown by both sides, not only by the Islamic fundamentalists but the rebels as well, with constant abuses of human rights and constant abuses
of young children drafted into the army. We have no say over the matter. Mr President, this is a question which I will pose under Rule 112(2) in relation to a request for the declaration of an urgent procedure
which I tabled three hours ago with regard to the Napolitano report in accordance with Rule 115, in order that the presentation of this request for an urgent debate may be announced to the House and should
go ahead accordingly, so that we may respect the timetable for debate and voting which is laid down in the agenda. And I wish to ask the Commission, is it prepared to submit an initiative to the next World
Trade Organisation round, that guarantees the elimination of competitive and legitimate advantages that American products will gain as a result of their economy not being covered by the Kyoto Protocol? They
actually introduce discrimination between the players: rail undertakings would continue to bear investment costs, and often the debts of the past, while being relegated to the role of a sub-contractor
vis-à-vis these new intermediaries, which would be free to select the most profitable market segments. With this, we have created a good foundation for future cooperation and we will also insist emphatically
on this dialogue as an equal partner. In this matter, we simply have to remember, for example, that in 1997, within the European Union, more than 200 million people crossed the borders of their State of
residence into the territory of other Member States. We are now on the verge of finally adopting the FP6, as the Council has already given us its written approval of the 34 compromise amendments that you
are to vote on tomorrow. Since 1992, respect for human rights and democratic principles has been regarded as an essential element of foreign policy, and we can see how it has progressed from initial recognition,
through inclusion in the Treaty, to finally being seen as an essential policy component. I want to discuss how we can build, from a world which today looks unsustainable, unsafe and unequal, a truly global
society which is sustainable for all, secure for all and fair to all. The action plan presented is a step forward; it notes the similarities and highlights the differences so as to draw attention to the
need to reduce those differences. National collecting societies would not disappear; authors would still be members of local collecting societies and revenues would still be distributed through collecting
societies affiliated to the new licensing platforms. I am very happy about this debate, because the situation in Asia and also in East Asia is indeed a major strategic issue. The European Parliament does
not improve its standing with this vote: it has now lost the opportunity to make its voice heard on how the discourse on human rights should be applied in practice. I realise that, but I have to comply
with Rule 144 of Parliament' s Rules of Procedure. At the very core of the Western Balkans lies Kosovo. Lastly, there is one thing which is of major importance, precisely because the market is becoming more
and more 'single' in the area of public services too, and that is the social dialogue. The geographic scope of the aid activities will be determined as per the identified priority needs. Not until the end
of 1995, with the Barcelona Conference, did we attempt to open up prospects for cooperation, though with pre-defined commitments and an unlimited time scale. But no: he opted for a much broader philosophical
approach, and I think he was right to do so, for it has everything to do with the European political area that the Commissioner himself highlighted. I would particularly ask Mr de Silguy to bear that in
mind. The Council President has announced that the intention is to reach conclusions as early as March. Merely because of these two options, I decided, contrary to my convictions, to vote against this resolution. It
is on behalf of the whole House that I express our most sincere condolences and deepest sympathy to the families and friends of these people. Or is this simply a way of dealing with public opinion, as the
public is increasingly suspicious of the food chain? However well-intentioned these proposals are - and I am sure they are - yet again, this is an EU solution desperately looking for a problem. This is not
only growth based on restocking, recovery programmes and exports. On the negative side, and as regards issues we should criticise, what has happened to the leading political opposition leader Mr Sarsenbayev
is of the utmost concern to us. In Finland, a rural programme was adopted in 1991 which is comprehensive and progressive. The quality class system for butter would be simplified, the strict classification
for fat content abolished, aid for school milk made independent of its fat content and the intervention system clarified. I believe that a Member State that is celebrating on 1 May 2008 the fourth anniversary
of its accession to the European Union should not adopt laws that are contradict the basic democratic principles of the European Union. It should certainly not sound warnings of any kind, as suggested in
one of the proposed amendments. For the first time now, these guidelines do not stress that principle which, in my opinion, was one of the causes - perhaps the main one - of so many negative developments. European
financial support for school fruit is therefore important. That is what Parliament approved and what we want to see. Turning briefly to the reports, the proposal from the Commission to allocate an extra
ECU 1.4 billion to the beef sector is very welcome but I cannot accept the method of funding proposed, namely to reduce aid to cereal farmers by the same amount. Mr President, the Euro-Mediterranean Partnership
launched in 1995 has broken down. Furthermore, our commitment to it has always been to ensure that it does not cause the universal movement defending human rights to take steps backwards, to regress, especially
in terms of humanity's achievement, which is considering human rights to be a universal value, a universal value that should be defended over and above borders, traditions and diversity, because it is
something that is linked to the very essence of human beings. I wish to express the opinion that the dialogue which we need to hold must revolve not around the Constitution but around the existential problems
of the European Union, which are: firstly, the degree to which the European Union is still necessary; secondly, if the European Union is necessary, what type of European Union do we want and, thirdly,
how enlarged a European Union do we want. &#160;&#160; Thank you, Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, in Austria the Conciliation Committee’s decision was received with anger and dismay by the government,
Parliament, the entire population, by all parties and all the media. If you were to repeat that it is politically balanced then under no circumstances would you be increasing the likelihood of your team
being endorsed, although it may well be thoroughly competent. Water is also a valuable resource for Europe. Now we obviously need to take further action, especially as regards the application of Community
legislation, and we need to highlight the human factor, the number of inspectors and surveyors needed to apply the legislation, inspector training, staff and crew training etc. We must incorporate these
concerns into every aspect of external relations, in particular the new neighbourhood policy, and in this context the Union must have a permanent seat on the United Nations Security Council, as has previously
been said. It is accepted in the Commission work programme. (PL) Mr President, five years after the Tulip Revolution, when President Akayev stood down, a bloody revolution has taken place. We cannot, therefore,
be satisfied with giving preferential treatment to relations with Community or national organisations while merely offering support to regional bodies: the latter must enjoy proper representation within
the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Policy, as well as corresponding financial aid. Patients' rights within the EU and crossborder cooperation in this field among the Member States
constitute a significant part of the new social package. But I think it is quite reasonable that they themselves in Ireland have come to the conclusion that they might be willing to reconsider if certain
conditions are met. There have been initial agreements between the Commission and the Member States on huge information campaigns about the euro. Compared to the Euro 4 emissions standard in force today,
this corresponds to a reduction of 80%. The present administration is taking particularly vigorous measures to deal with it, under the new director of the customs service whom I happen to know rather well
because he was my private secretary for a number of years. In order to preserve the status quo in wealth distribution between rich and poor, they call for everyone to get more. The best example of this is
Chile, but Brazil, under Fernando Enrique Cardoso, also seems to be coping under difficult circumstances. This is politically impractical from an Irish perspective, as indeed it would be from the perspective
of other EU Member States such as Portugal, Greece and Spain. Until now they have landfilled massive amounts of waste; basically, pushed it away so that it would not be seen. Responding to the question may
mean that I take a little more time than was originally anticipated. I hope we shall decide by a large majority that this cannot go on. We should not get used to this situation. Increasingly, we hear reports
from Bangladesh about brutal and arbitrary behaviour by the police and about the inability of the organs of state to defend the rights of the victims of this violence. In war, you must be commander-in-chief
of all the generals, for, without UN permission, it should again be prohibited to go to war. If we discover in our review period, when the Commission does this, that cross-border re-use has either not happened
or been very limited, then we might well have to revisit some of the elements in this particular proposal. Fundamental rights must be secured where they can be protected as effectively as possible and where
they can be embedded in the social fabric, that is to say within the Member States. It would make sense to allow countries expressing their national sovereignty by determining their own immigration policy
to also reap the fruits of their labours. Nobody in Europe today would understand that those who are and were able to define objectives and binding policies in monetary, budgetary and exchange rate terms
were able to show such contempt for the people of Europe by not also defining binding objectives in terms of social policy or employment. Mr President, most of my London constituents have little interest
in or knowledge of what an MEP actually does or what purpose the EU serves. (NL) The follow-up conference on climate change in Bonn produced two extremes. The crisis in NATO will make any common defence
policy for the European Union impossible; A week ago, my colleague, Mr Cohn-Bendit, said that Greece needed more time to put a reconstruction plan in place. I did not in any sense concede the case for democratic
legitimacy. All sectors are potential candidates, even though some unprofitable segments can, and even must, be left in the care of the Member States and taxpayers. It is the Member States who are dragging
their feet on Lisbon and on the European arrest warrant. Let me address one last comment to the Swedish Presidency: we place our hopes in you to ensure that the citizens of Europe, most of whom are very
worried, can face the introduction of the euro without fear. (HU) Mr President, during the 2009 influenza pandemic, EU Member States were the most prepared. Export Credit Agencies are an important instrument
for the European Union in terms of supporting trade and investments of European companies. The June List believes, however, that, when a country actually has become an EU Member State, the same rules should
be applied to it as are applied to the other Member States and their citizens. There were many problems and excesses, the strategic direction could have been better, but in the last few years it has improved
considerably and the last call, the third one, was excellent. I am not sure if my observations were always intentionally humorous, but I shall take the compliment in the spirit in which it was intended
in this holiday season. In spite of the disputes which sometimes arise in connection with practical policies, our core values are the same. After 30 years of underinvestment, we need to make a quantum leap
- a leap that will require EUR 230 billion by 2020, which the market will have to provide - quite simply because there is not enough public money for it and because it is in fact the market's responsibility. Where
does the OSCE bring an added value? If we do not want to have a jobless recovery, we need to look at how we can reform our labour market rules and how we can remove the obstacles to higher employment in
Europe. I welcome the compromise text on the sustainable use of pesticides and I would like to congratulate Mrs Klass for the fine work she has done. The issue of monitoring is not just a regulatory and
hence a bureaucratic issue, the fishermen's associations and environmental groups have also to be brought in. Madam President, the December elections to the Duma will point the way for developments over
the next few years in our largest continental neighbour. The strategy of the two large parties in this Parliament does not allow for this. This proposal for a directive should be understood as an attempt
to put an end to this perverse situation, and it is high time to do so. It was the American Hoover Committee that first talked about the concepts of performance, cost/benefit, efficiency, targets and results. The
fifth point I wish to emphasize is that in order to tackle a medical complaint a proper diagnosis must be carried out. The Committee on Regional Development is also reminded of the excellent experiences
of the partnership principle in cohesion policy. It is essential that the fund is used productively and efficiently and implemented to maximum effect. I and my colleague Mr Liikanen intend to submit the
final version of the Green Paper in June, once it has been approved by the Commission. We made a proposal. We have to know that and prepare for it. Therefore, I was happy to follow the recommendations made
by Mrs Kauppi - in her speech, not in my dreams, I am afraid, Madam President. However, considering the situation, we need to look at the issue differently. The environment ministers, who are often very
ambitious, are in many cases left to their own devices. International terrorism exploits the advantages of pluralist societies to attack the very foundations of those societies – our freedoms. Nor is it
an artefact that exists only to be used as a justification when unpleasant but necessary reform measures have to be taken. Mr President, the resolution in front of us naturally reflects concern for the
environment in Indonesia and the region, but in my view the resolution focuses almost exclusively on the environment and completely ignores the needs of many small farmers in the area who have to find
land to make a livelihood. The second comment is that despite the fact that the Commission denies that it needs more resources, particularly human resources, to deal with infringements, the reality is that
in almost all the meetings I have had with your fellow Commissioners, everyone has told me that they do not have sufficient resources, sufficient people, to deal with this matter. Perhaps you or the Bureau
might ask the Commission and the Council to justify this practice. I therefore consider cooperation between these officers and Frontex to be urgently necessary. Madam President, this is essentially the content
of the amendment our committee is presenting to the report we are debating. It is also evident that the battle to maintain rights to defence is not over yet. The old generation of these agreements, however,
really deserves a black mark, and it is thus extremely important to change this situation. We should also be very pleased about the fact that many developing countries would benefit from the liberalisation
of the sugar market. Mr President, I think we also have to thank Mrs Fontaine. Europe's institutions want more clarity and transparency without waiting for the Convention. Very briefly, as you know, the decisions
relating to the use of resources fall to each of the national authorities. Whatever the necessity of resolving the problems Russia has with transit - and there is no doubt that Russia has a major interest
in this - it is important for us that we make sure that Lithuania does not get the impression that we in the European Union are now making decisions over its head. We talk about pimps and brothel-keepers
as entrepreneurs, and we normalise prostitution. Moreover, it is important to emphasize the fact that, at present, we cannot create the premises for sustainable social development if we don't have the necessary
financial resources. They are extremely concerned at this state of affairs, and indeed the government and other authorities have expressed similar concerns. Mr President, the Barcelona Process was not lacking
in good intentions or financial resources. Mr President, I wish to thank all the Members who made observations. If a patent is subsequently issued, the data will remain completely secret. For special services,
agriculture also needs special remuneration. The first is the Perry report concerning the activities of the Committee on Petitions in 19961997. I note that the concept of social dumping does not exist either
in international law or in economic theory. My second question relates to the problems in the car industry, which several other speakers have also referred to. Bearing in mind the nature of the other measures
which it usually supports, the Commission cannot commit itself to the protection of farmers from reprisals which drug traffickers may take. in writing. - This is a major report with important consequences
for EU citizens. However, we must do this in a way that involves the Afghans and that respects their dignity, and as a top priority this of course includes - whether some people like it or not - the dignity
of women. If we are to establish an area of security, freedom and justice, these three dimensions need to be fully effective. Georgia, Azerbaijan and Turkey, Armenia's immediate neighbours, are conspiring
to isolate it. Next is the number of MEPs. I have received eight motions for resolutions pursuant to Rule 37(2) and Rule 40(5) of the Rules of Procedure on the European Council meeting in Cologne and the
oral questions on institutional reform. These are not criminals, but refugees, i.e. people who are seeking protection. The work of the European Research Council was officially launched in Berlin on 27 February
2007. While we welcome the Russian Federal authorities’ commitment to allocate significant funds for reconstruction, a number of other actions need to be taken if these elections are to be a step towards
more peace and democracy. But who are they poking fun at?! It is absolutely right that at this stage we get our procedures into line to make sure we can take full advantage of that. At that time there was
widespread support in the House for the Commission being forced to take this way of reducing regulation in Europe seriously. On 27 May, the Committee on International Trade was informed of the state of
play of the reform of these rules for the Generalised System of Preferences. This could be achieved by authorising Commissioners to address requests for dealing with infringements within their particular
sphere of competence directly to Member States. This is the kind of thing that the Socialist Group has already designed and would be of great value to every European citizen when making their way round
the single market. Commissioner, these are the conditions then for stabilising the Republic of Moldova, but they do not offer any grounds for optimism. None of us can reasonably deny the need for legislation
on this; as to whether the protection scheme set up should be optional or compulsory, I think that question does not arise. As far as geographical indications are concerned, we need to keep the three EU
systems for agricultural products and food, alcoholic beverages and wine as they stand. We are currently carrying out a study to identify and analyse policy measures taken by Member States to prevent financial
exclusion. Now and in the future, aid can be given at once when disasters strike. Why the price crisis? Passengers have been stranded, airlines, the travel industry and companies which depend on air travel
have all been hit hard, and all this comes on top of the economic crisis. In the last five years, in the European Union, there have been 302 cases of death caused by the 'old form' of this disease in the
United Kingdom alone, as against a Community average of 30-50 cases. With regard to fixed guide-line prices, it is essential that we retain these, and likewise the compensation system for tuna. Mr President,
Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, there is so much agreement about this no doubt quite excellent report by Mr Castricum that I need not take up much of your time. Thirdly, Madam President, let me add
a small footnote in regard to your approach to Albania. I know that the Israeli Government is very clear and adamant about certain things it demands of a future Palestinian Government. We will spare no efforts
to help the people of Guinea in this critical moment and we are determined to support a return to civilian, constitutional and democratic government through free and transparent elections. I witnessed and
took part in many discussions concerning the new possibilities opened up by territorial cooperation on the basis of the new legal instrument. The combined work of our Committee and the European Commission
means that, by dealing with the problems, what is felt to be injustice can be corrected. I do not believe that the citizens of Europe benefit from this continuous demand for new authorities under the auspices
of the EU. The German writer Peter Schneider is constantly being disappointed in his hope for a perfect Europe because the dynamic of a strong and viable internal market created by a single currency is
not being reflected in other policy areas. In the environmental Grenelle, for example, we have made provision for classifying all nanoparticles, for setting up a compulsory declaration process for those
nanoparticles that are being put on the market, for providing a better regulation and monitoring system for indoor air and for introducing better controls for all interior equipment and furnishings, some
of which present problems for indoor air quality. This is the signal we must send to our consultative partners and we want the regional dimension of the Barcelona Process to be strengthened in the action
plans to address cultural and human relations, economic and trade aspects, social aspects, rights and security. However, in its activities the European Central Bank will be completely independent. Children
have the right to speak with their parents in their mother tongue. Our dependence on Russia for our energy needs continue to worry those who have an interest in security of supply. It seems to me even more
startling, having participated in the last mandate of this Parliament, when we had a colleague, Mercedes Echerer, who spent months, even years, working on an own-initiative report in this area. What is
also very important on behalf of my group, I think, is that we included the notion that Member States may make additional demands, but that they are not allowed to transfer this to the operators. I propose
to put Mr Farage's speech today in this Parliament on my website, because I believe the more Irish people hear what he has to say about Ireland and about Europe, the more likely they are to vote 'yes'
for the European Union. We would find it incredible if this Parliament were to vote in a majority vote against something with which it actually agrees in principle. Despite this, we found common ground and
also achieved some specific objectives, for example, the protection of certain parts from land speculation, greater protection of forests which are prized for their biodiversity, such as the northern Boreal
and Mediterranean forests, and a ban on building on land cleared by arson. That is of course a good prelude to a successful launch of the euro. This is just one part: as I think the rapporteur said, we are
stuck when it comes to the rest of the asylum package. But before we approve those higher speeds, we need to understand what the full implications are: it would be inappropriate for us simply to assume
that everything will be fine. This discussion is particularly important for finding ways of avoiding a repeat of the financial and, ultimately, economic crisis that hit the whole world in 2008. In the same
way, Iran, which executed 66 people last year, would have us believe that the dozens of students arrested and the 13 Jews, were spies. Madam President, on behalf of the British Labour group of MEPs I would
like to stress that we fully support the principle of enlargement and the greater part of the Oostlander-Barón Crespo report. You have the floor, Mr Sasi. Mr President, Commissioner, I would like to make
three short suggestions about open dialogue. Payment appropriations for the suppression of violence against children, young people and women - line B3-4109 - have been increased very little, from ECU 2
million to ECU 3 million. Apart from the geopolitical situation, however, another cause of friction with Russia is, objectively, the oil and gas pipelines in Georgian territory, designed to carry Azerbaijan's
oil and gas westwards. We must not, by passing it off as an otherwise desirable decentralization, privatize this sector by entrusting it to external offices made up of experts from outside the Commission
and Parliament, and thus without any form of control. Austrian Chancellor Schüssel, President of the European Council, issued a statement, also on 8&#160;February, expressing his consternation at images
on the website of an Islamic emigrants’ organisation in Antwerp and at the call by the Iranian newspaper for a Holocaust-cartoon contest. Science and practice have shown for some time now that such a measure
does not prevent high emissions of hydrogen chlorides and dioxins. I am in favour of making the best of the opportunities offered by the dynamic development of relations with China, especially following
my visit there, when I was able to see first hand this fast-developing world power. And we are far too sensitive because we have to come here via a transport system which is also inconvenient and our inconvenience
in the face of this transport system is added to the inconvenience that we find here. The new programme is more comprehensible and more citizen-friendly. But, above all, we still need an integrated EU network
of supplies. Today I convey to you the historic will of our people to achieve a solution to our problem, in a place where equal rights for Greek Cypriots and Turkish Cypriots are already being applied,
and I assure you of this. Perhaps he can tell us why the Council has come up with such an incomprehensible position, claiming that sanctions come under the third pillar and therefore cannot possibly be
used here. I therefore take the view that the express call to continue measures to integrate the Russian minority contained in point 14 of the Belder report is unnecessary. International trade agreements
are to some extent at the expense of this fruit and vegetable sector and therefore benefit other sectors. This needs to be ratified. I am therefore confident that the proposal can be adopted soon and that
the timely application of the EMCS is ensured. Despite these efforts, the situation has continued to deteriorate. The reason was that I do not believe that the intergovernmental conference is any longer
the right way to further the development of the European union. I should now like to reaffirm the Portuguese Presidency's absolute determination to continue monitoring closely the events developing in Burma
and also to assure you that the Presidency will of course propose any measures which, in its opinion, prove our unequivocal solidarity with the people of Burma and which, at the same time, also unequivocally
demonstrate to the Burmese authorities that there will be a price to pay for any further deterioration in the country's situation. Europe should make a point of remembering that, if Spain has been able
to close this dramatic chapter in its history by consensus, then it is through reconciliation and peaceful dialogue. I am talking about the external borders of the European Union. Many people also think
that weapons containing depleted uranium also pose a risk to public health. And it is not subsidies which we are calling for, it is investment aid, because 20% of final energy consumption is not 100%, it
is not 50%: it is just one fifth, and we need this technology to be applicable. Who will end up paying for this? There are many ways to integrate, and language and the promotion of it are the gate that leads
to all of them. No progress has since been observed in the release of EU funds. I should also like to return to an idea which was mentioned, in particular, by the last speaker, namely the importance of the
institutional aspect. This also applies to Turkmenistan. ECHO is one of the biggest contributors to the High Commission for Refugees. And like the French bar, we are opposed to the absence of genuine controls
and restrictions on the activities of migrant lawyers in host Member States. I also agree that proper control of external borders is essential. It goes beyond the strong political debate we might have. It
might be better if you had my sister Anna Maria come here: perhaps, as she is a woman, she would be listened to more than I am! We must pursue an integrated policy in regard to social security costs. There
are four elements to this programme of economic reform. There are individual amendments by Parliament that are commendable, for example wordings concerning the sustainable management of fishery resources. In
conclusion, I do not think that we will solve our water quality problems by opting for quality objectives and limit values without providing for the economic instruments to achieve them. You must move. Since
the collapse of communism the main focus of attention for the United States and NATO has moved to Central Asia, and the EU is developing its own defence cooperation strategy. I come from the Cognac region
in France and more than 30 % of its production is sold duty-free on the world market. Any further delay in resolving the conflict risks compromising Israeli and Palestinian hopes of reaching a fair solution
and compromises the future of such a fragile area of the Mediterranean and the Middle East. We need to work together on the second reading to ensure that this dangerous practice is stopped, and also to
ensure that valuable European metals remain in Europe. But while it may be the prime responsibility of Member States, is there no contribution that we can make here at European level? Regardless of the parties'
position on the Goldstone report, I hope that it will not be used as a pretext to stonewall discussions aimed at resolving the Palestinian problem in a peaceful way for good. However, the good news is that
there has already been improvement. We not only have in mind, but support very actively, the least developed countries. I am therefore expressing an opinion neither in favour nor against, although I personally
am in agreement with the rapporteur. We see reports that some countries which claimed a year ago to be BSE-free, now anticipate up 500 cases in the course of the next year. Of course it does, for they can
then produce more cheaply to the detriment of the environment. We should give them a boost, by putting right the unfair competitive practices at global level, by maintaining the system of State aid, and
introducing Community preference for shipbuilding, in order to promote the purchase of ships built in European yards. The vital thing now is that those who are aware of the importance, and hence also of
the limitations, of patent law should prevail and that this Directive can soon be adopted. In view of the relatively low troop strength and the size of the border area, this means that outstanding intelligence
and transport capabilities are required, for the force must be able to determine quickly where there is a threat and must be able to reach the relevant location swiftly. That can be solved, in effect, through
structural reforms and also, of course, through public finances that have been straightened out by means of political willpower to contain public spending to the point where it becomes sustainable, so
that European citizens can pay reasonable, modern taxes. The negotiations process resembles a farce, and seems far from likely that the court will lift its sentence violating human rights and set them free. The
risk of accidents, with which Mr Seppänen's report and your draft directive are concerned, has also been strengthened because of 11 September, as has the even more serious security question which is now
facing us. Colleagues, I feel it is especially important to get the United Nations Human Rights Council to use the mandate, given to it by the United Nations, unilaterally and purposefully in order to defend
human rights and ensure the maximum transparency of institutions and the participation of civil society in its work. According to him, the main country in this arch, a sort of linchpin, is Iran. We all know
that the European Social Fund 'was set up to reduce differences in prosperity and living standards across EU Member States and regions, and therefore promoting economic and social cohesion'. Can we agree
that I will make a statement at the end on what has been decided, so that we really can get on with the vote just now? ECU 35 million would enable, at the most, five thousand young people to do so. The fact
is that Kosovo has become a protectorate. This, of course, requires everything from intelligent, simple and smart collection strategies to ecodesigns which make it easy to take batteries out of devices
that are to be recycled. They may achieve a majority in Parliament, but the Member States want to work on a voluntary basis and they are still a long way from agreeing to the binding targets decided on
two or three years ago. But Nice, Mr President, is not the end of the road, but the starting point for a new phase with many challenges. In addition, the Court has undertaken an internal reform of its organisation
and structure in order to make the institution more effective in the performance of its duties and to make a Court of 25 Members more flexible and efficient. Now we have to make the political decision whether
to use it. At first sight, establishing a legislative text concerning the right of resale would seem to be justified by a desire for equity and in order to benefit creative artists. However, awareness-raising
is not enough. So the relevant event which logically produces the necessity for an end to the dutyfree system is not the future definitive VAT regime but is something which has already been substantially
in place since 1 January 1993. What has happened since the well and truly hysterical dramatisation of the crisis in most of our Member States will surely do nothing to motivate young people to remain in
farming, let alone encourage them to see their future in rural areas, where, as the report so admirably states, they have a very important role to perform in the social life of villages and rural communities,
promoting and maintaining the countryside and contributing to the economic, social and environmental needs of the community, Here, too, I shall call for cooperation between the institutions to find flexible
solutions that ensure the best terms for our new Member States. In presenting the MAI to the Council I can assure Mr García-Margallo y Marfil that the Commission will analyse the compatibility of this agreement
with the important international agreements to which we are a party, including multilateral, environmental and social agreements, and with our own legislation and policies in areas such as fisheries, transport
and development, as well as with the European Community Treaty itself. Lastly, I wish to make an observation on the issue of the European database. What is most interesting is that in doing this we are addressing
the Security Council, and Burma's protectors, the Chinese, are in fact talking a rather unintelligible language. I say to everyone in advance: if it is a question of making sacrifices in the sphere of agricultural
policy, if it is a question of making sacrifices in the sphere of the structural funds then all the Member States and all our colleagues from the corresponding Member States here will speak a completely
different language than that being used in many contributions to today's debate! I think I have the assurance from them that the strong commitment that has been expressed is a reality. We have made a start
on the energy policy. … and that this must allow such a budget to shape the second half of the perspective up to 2013. Because I assume that your admonitions have been directed repeatedly and publicly during
your contacts. The new proposal sets out both clearer and stricter criteria which integrate some new elements into the process of eliminating waste: reduction, pre-treatment, control of methane gas emissions,
recycling and recovery, etc. We call on Romania to take decisive steps to restore the dignity and human rights of these people. Its failure to be adopted was, as you know, described by Moscow as a 'triumph
of good sense'. The US went around Eastern and South Eastern Europe penalising countries with loss of military aid if they refused to sign opt-outs from the International Criminal Court for US personnel. Should
there not be enough time on Wednesday afternoon, I am also prepared to say that the sitting will continue until 8 p.m. It is also a crisis of values. The Agenda 2000 reforms proposed by the Commission make
up an exciting programme to modernize the European Union. I shall comment briefly on a few issues that were raised. Mr President, let me begin by warmly congratulating the rapporteur, Mr Bowis, and let me
also inform the Commissioner, David Byrne, that we appreciate the proposals he has put before us in this White Paper and the relations he has established with Parliament with a view to preparing the best
possible legislation in the field of food safety for the future. I believe we need to reconcile these points, and have the courage, not to stop an important train in its tracks, but to intervene to prevent
a derailment. I am perplexed by many parts of the report and I want to go back to the crux of the matter, which I feel has been comprehensively defined by Mrs Bonino in her speech, and state my views clearly
once again. Temporarily based in Brussels, the regulation provides for it undertaking, inter alia, the following duties, which are currently being revised: management of the contract with the operator charged
with running the European Geostationary Navigation Overlay Service (EGNOS), inherited from the Galileo joint venture; coordination of action by Member States on the frequencies necessary for the system
to operate; cooperation with the Commission on drawing up proposals in relation to the programme; modernisation of the system; management of all aspects in relation to the system's protection and safety;
activities as European authority for GNSS safety approval; and management of the research activities necessary for developing and promoting European GNSS programmes. It must be made clear both by us and
by the Commission that companies which receive state aid need to stay where they were when they received the subsidies for at least five years. Firstly, are we going to dilute these instruments into more
and more areas, more lines and more themes, or are we first going to set out a clear strategy, and then concentrate on a guideline that drives us forward and on fundamental priorities? Another ambitious
programme, which was last discussed on Monday at the meeting of Agricultural Ministers, concerns substantial changes to current foodstuffs legislation. I can hardly cope with three! Mr President, strangely
enough, this is the first time in many years that the discharge is likely to be given on time. We have much in common, not only from an historical perspective but also with a view to the future. And to go
one step further: the time has come for the Commission to draw up an integrated defence strategy to coordinate national action and measures against natural and man-made disasters, in line, of course, with
the principle of subsidiarity. With regard to the other conclusions of the report, I agree with Mr Piecyk that the Council' s position is more restrictive. To sum up, the actions referred to in the Security
Strategy in respect of such things as the non-proliferation of weapons of mass destruction or defences against terrorism, the ways in which we deal with failed states and regional conflicts can be successful
only if they form part of a wider policy of conflict prevention and conflict resolution. In other words, the whole internal market ought to be transformed into one efficient domestic payment area. However,
once the people have been stripped of their powers, the central decision-makers, who are in the driving seat, are themselves not monitored by anyone and do what they like. Not only do eight million Dutch
people and two million Flemings stand to lose their residential areas, but so do the people living in the Po plain in Italy, Les Landes in south-western France, and parts of cities including Helsinki,
Copenhagen, London, Hamburg, Barcelona, Lisbon and Thessaloniki. Mr President, fellow Members, we have not associated ourselves with the signing of the motion for a resolution, but we will vote for it,
since I am at least as despairing as the fellow Members that I have just heard. As regards the free movement of workers within the Eurozone, I will say - together, I might add, with the President of the
European Central Bank, which goes to show you just how completely aligned our positions are - that, yes, there is a contradiction between the fact of being part of the same monetary area and of not sharing
fully in the four freedoms. It is a matter of ensuring an immediate political response based on tangible European solidarity – and I stress the word ‘tangible’ – and a sharing of responsibilities and burdens. All
the detainees at Guantanamo Bay have been held in unacceptable legal limbo for far too long. It is therefore not fair to claim that the Mexicans accepted the agreement a long time ago. If citizens are to
gain any advantage from EU cooperation, it should be precisely in tackling these sorts of problems. Looking back, we have to say that terrorism is a real threat to the people of Europe. In other words, it
was clearly inadequate for tackling the economic, social and environmental situation facing the EU, where inequality has increased and where there is also, therefore, an even greater need for cohesion. Mr
President, I shall be voting against the Dell'Alba report, and more generally against the ECIP and MEDA programmes, which were basically designed to finance subsidies and loans to private companies investing
in Latin America, Asia, the Mediterranean and in South Africa. The average cost of renovation is 580 000 Slovak crowns for one prefab house and approximately EUR 17 000 for one flat. But while Europe is
currently in the lead of on-board chip technology - as the rapporteur reminded us in his introduction - is it not true that the very sinews of electronic money are the manner in which it is to be controlled
and supervised? I believe that this procedure introduces clarity and transparency, not only for Member States, where there are modifications, but also for third countries that export the products in question
to the EU. It is about treating human beings in a decent way, it is about their rights, and the rights-based approach is the right one. It goes beyond the self-congratulation syndrome of the European institutions
and is aimed at making, if at all possible, all documents - even those in which people are really interested - publicly accessible. We currently need a political moratorium on shale gas activities until
we can answer the questions which many citizens are asking, because they have realised that action has been taken too quickly in the USA. Thirdly, there is a certain complexity as regards the enforcement
of criminal measures, given that, as we know, the beneficiaries of the transplants of illicitly obtained organs are, more often than not, European, although those transplants are carried out in third countries,
which raises the question of criminal punishment based on the principle of the national territory in which the criminal act was committed. I have recently visited Roma settlements in Serbia and it is inconceivable
that places like this still exist in Europe. The report of the Committee on Constitutional Affairs on the Statute of the European Ombudsman is unusual because the Treaty makes the European Parliament the
legislator and also entrusts to it the power of initiative. Mr President, I am sorry that most of those who sought to stop this debate did not bother to stay to hear it. Mr President, I naturally agree with
much of what has been said at great length today, but I would like to draw your attention to a very practical issue, which concerns last week's flooding in the north-west of Italy and in Spain and France. The
sad truth is that these businesses have suffered greatly in the past two years. The proposal also covers the vocational training sector, setting entry conditions for unremunerated trainees such as those
who come to take up a placement with a company. The Commission must continuously monitor, assess and publish the bank fees charged by the financial and banking sectors to ensure that no overcharging arises. The
benefits of broadband need to be extended to every section of the population of Europe, including Ireland. This is why I think that the European Commission's specific strategies, measures and action plans
need to be improved. &#160;&#160; Mr&#160;President, this draft directive raises several problems. The suspension should restart discussions on the need for a suspension mechanism, as I mentioned, under
conditions which are clearly specified. I will remind the House that the successful slogan for the Irish 'No' campagin was 'If you don't know, vote no.' What you said at the outset about privatisation, though,
is not something that this House should accept without demur. The majority of our politicians do not want to look reality in the face and they try to make people believe that international conventions prevent
us from protecting our peaceful and decent citizens. Both have the purpose of maintaining and promoting the quantity of high-quality European works in television broadcasts. The Agreement of Cotonou underlines
the role of civil society. I would also like to say how pleased we are at the speed with which Parliament's Delegation for relations with Central America and Mexico met, at the request of Mr Salafranca,
and with the large number of Members that attended this extraordinary meeting along with the Vice-President of the Commission, Mr Marín, and Commissioner Bonino. Member of the Commission. - Mr President,
the Commission is aware of, and has seen reports about, mass graves in Indian-administered Kashmir and we are following closely requests from NGOs to the Indian Government to launch urgent, impartial and
independent investigations on this matter. Completeness demands, then, that the statements by Mr&#160;Solana and Mr&#160;de&#160;Fries at their respective hearings to the effect that they were not aware
of any breach of the law on the part of any Member State, be included in the report along with the fact that no evidence has been provided, to this day, of the existence of so-called secret prisons in
the European Union. President Klaus now has no excuse and has to respect democracy and the parliament which elected him, and which has already approved the Treaty of Lisbon. They travel to the US. Everyone
is aware that this institution's 2009 budget was investigated by OLAF. These amendments are in line with the Europe 2020 strategy, which encourages job creation and supports investment geared towards environmental
protection. I was very pleased to see my colleague, Commissioner Barnier, in the room because of the effort he has put into this topic. If we were to use Article 175 it would make marketing of products containing
these gases almost impossible across the whole of the European Union. I believe we have found a good compromise in the committee by lowering and changing the categories and by using more or less the categories
of resolution ECAC/25-1. The universal service - as we all know - is a fundamental bundle of services of a specified standard which can be provided at an affordable price and without distorting competition. Diesel
vehicles consume less fuel and produce fewer carbon dioxide emissions. Agreeing to the integration of the two directives would amount to allowing hazardous waste to be burnt in plants intended for household
waste, and vice versa. This is not a change. I therefore have the impression that the interinstitutional agreement has placed certain restrictions, but we in this Parliament must continue to insist on the
need, on the one hand, to improve the quality of Community legislation and, on the other, not to throw the baby out with the bathwater and not to give up the progress made in our Europe through the development
of the liberal and democratic State, which ensures that decisions are made by legislative bodies elected by popular will. This will be our working practice. Madam President, I will now turn to the Commission'
s decision concerning the revision of the financial perspective. For example, Parliament intends to lend the Commission EUR 43 million and the Council EUR 18 million. There is no doubt at all, this is a
sign that the administration of the Fund is not working as it ought to. My proposal clarifies the second ground for detention (Article 8(2)(b)), placing it within the framework of a preliminary interview
in accordance with the guidelines for detention laid down by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. However, the democratic legitimacy of increasingly important European institutions and the
effectiveness of EU policies create the need for a more ambitious blueprint, based on a strengthening of Parliament's powers of codecision, greater use of majority voting in the Council and proper implementation
of the Amsterdam Treaty in respect of the Commission President's role in selecting the Commissioners and sharing out responsibilities among them. It is impossible, particularly in this area, to continue
to demand better and faster information and studies and at the same time to try to reduce resources for Eurostat. These issues need to be handled at the highest level and remain on the political agenda
until this scourge that knows no race, creed or age is eradicated. - (HU) We are rapidly approaching the first anniversary of the gas price war between Russia and the Ukraine, which, along with minor distribution
problems caused by a shortage of Russian natural gas reserves, awakened Europe to its energy dependence and the vulnerability of the security of its energy supply. The text negotiated with the Council,
which Parliament should widely agree to, is a balanced compromise that should enable the directive to be adopted in just one reading. Firstly, the Lisbon process is balanced, which also means that the pillars
are interdependent. We have already identified this as an area where we should push forward. This is not in dispute. However, this decision is not going to affect any other type of operation. Yesterday's vote
was an extremely difficult one and I fully sympathise with there being the odd mistake, but I would like this corrected. I firmly believe in an EU that is anchored in its various parts of Europe. Against
the background of major global challenges such as the international economic and financial crisis, climate change and energy security, the Union for the Mediterranean will have to deal with the political
situation in the Middle East, launch the operational functioning of the Union for the Mediterranean Secretariat and take stock of progress made by the partnership since July 2008. It has become essential
to consider the economic aspects of this problem. B5-0570/2001 by Mrs Boumediene-Thiery and others, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, on the asylum seekers on board the 'Tampa' in Australian waters; After
all, cooperation across borders is what the European Union is all about. I must congratulate the Commission on its clear presentation, which is why we had to reject the request by the Committee on Budgets
to delete the stated aims from the appendix. It was in this spirit that the Committee on Development and Cooperation made me responsible for drawing up a further report on the said communication. It says
'in any democracy'. For that purpose, a certain number of ideas have been advanced, primarily that of replacing the destination country rule with the so-called country of origin rule. Consumers are worried
about getting involved in transactions because they are worried about the security of their payments. Member States have to specify what level of income they obtain from the charges and what they are going
to do with that money in order to bring about a better transport system. This is a process that is under way and I understand that the Spanish Presidency will also take initiatives in this respect. How then
can we refuse to give our remote departments and territories the funding they need to make up for the costs involved in transportation, dealing with cyclones and investing in universities or hospitals? However,
there is one thing that I do not understand. The European Union opposes the death penalty everywhere, and whatever the case. Is the European Council aware of reports by Amnesty International concerning two
Guatemalan girls, Sonia Esmeralda Gomez Guevara and Carmen Velasquez? This is not a forward-looking concept which would stop people from worrying about the loss of their livelihoods. It is a good idea: for
us to take decisions where diplomacy cannot, for us to take decisions where denial is particularly distressing. However, all the EU is doing is protecting taxpayers at a time when the banking system has
taken care of its own interests on many occasions, ignoring those of the consumers. The cost of a palliative is small, the absence of it will cost us much more and if the Irish presidency can achieve one
thing, it should be to administer the painkiller. With regard to the pre-accession strategy that I wish to discuss this morning, I feel that we desperately need to take an overview of this. When the Council
agreed the new transport rules in June 1995 reference was made to the importance of extra veterinary inspectors to be taken on by the Commission to enforce the directive. We all want citizens to be able
to really demand justice in the free movement of workers. There is absolutely no doubt that the American economy is in good health and we look a rather sorry sight next to it. Despite the perception that
some procedures and technical definitions concerning the use of cogeneration remain contradictory, I believe the principles guiding the drafting of this report to be broadly correct, and I agree with the
compromise approach that ultimately emerged from the work undertaken in the Commission. I have to say that I can only find a few general documents. Finally, national patent offices and their participation
should be restricted by clear quantitative limits. Beyond the rationale of cohesion policy which is, and should remain, a central pillar for achieving the new sustainable development goals, and in order
to help regions to face forthcoming global challenges which will impact more and more on their development, the Commission believes we should all keep on strengthening the delivery mechanisms of cohesion
policy built upon the principles of an integrated approach, partnership and multilateral governance. People in different life situations, for example those who are parents of small children or who are unemployed,
ill or old, must not inevitably become poor or socially excluded but must be able to participate in society. Temporary employment agencies offer a flexible solution in the way they fill vacancies promptly
and speedily in sectors suffering from a shortage of manpower. Mr President, the absence of Mr Fischler, which is justified, as the chair of the Committee on Fisheries made clear earlier, prevents me from
going into too much detail. My reasons for supporting this report are many and deep. We were particularly aware of the importance of the Treaty in the period before it was signed. Rather, we appeal to him
to take measures to combat the impunity - a word which, sadly, we shall hear again many times in this Chamber - of those responsible for the murders. I must stress, as Mr Carlgren said, that the European
Union will achieve an even bigger reduction than we originally undertook to achieve on the basis of our forecasts, alongside economic growth. We must go on providing support not only until 2014, but also
beyond that time. I was present in this House throughout the proceedings, but did not take part in that vote because I do not think it was a reasonable way to conduct a vote in a democratically-elected
Parliament. Perhaps that is where it should have always been. Madam President, I believe that the promotion of employee financial participation is very important both for company employees and for the development
of companies. I believe this must be active through the second pillar of the CAP. By 2003 we will need to review the effects of the regulation and adjust things if need be. Mrs Soltwedel-Schäfer, as you are
aware Parliament, in its wisdom, has the right to vote for whatever position it thinks it should take, without taking into consideration either the position of the Council, or the position of the Commission,
or the positions of many of us. The next item is the Council statement, on behalf of the Vice-President of the Commission/High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy, on the
World day against the death penalty. Secondly, what will you do over time to try to get the Member States that do not currently do so to recognise Kosovo? Safety of life at sea, however, should be our priority. Statements
by a European Commissioner, by the European Parliament or by individual Members do not constitute interference in Cyprus's domestic affairs or pressure from outside. We were mired in generalities for a
long time and were slow to launch specific projects. There we are supposed to receive a statement about the environment and air transport. In my opinion, this is catastrophic. Frahm Report (A5-0075/2001) Another
'typical' report ... What we must not do, though, is act as if agriculture were the only thing going on in Europe, and there were no research and development being done. We do, however, have very strong
views about the nature of any agreements made by the EU. The proposals contained in the White Paper, which are to a large extent drawn from the second report of the Committee of Independent Experts, should
make it possible for the Commission to equip itself with the optimum organisational structure and operating methods so as to fulfil to the best of its ability the tasks assigned to it by the Treaties,
without, however, encouraging it to exceed the limits of its prerogatives as defined in the Treaty, which has all too often been the case in the past. We can draw on the experiences of the Union's efforts
in Afghanistan and I look forward to seeing a united Europe behind this new, big challenge in Iraq, starting with the lifting of sanctions. Certainly Parliament has been informed of these efforts; certainly
these efforts have always been deployed in close coordination with the United States; certainly there has been a common vision behind their development: security for everyone in the area, recognition of
the existence and the right to exist of all the peoples of the area. In the light of that, what matters is not political tactics or defending one's own party: what matters is the need to do everything possible
to ascertain the truth and prevent any possible repetition of these events, and here we must be guided first and foremost by our own consciences. In addition, amendments which ban the transfer of water
from one hydrological basin to another would condemn many areas in my country to water shortage. And that includes quota reductions. The effects and risks of radiation from X-rays are well known in medicine
where repeated exposure to this kind of radiation is not recommended. That is why the European Commission could table some ideas with us for the operational follow-up to the summits and the need – in my
opinion – for relations between the European Union and Asia to be institutionalised. Will the Council take steps in response to this serious breach of rights? Moreover, there is integration, since this policy
also benefits the environment and animal welfare. Therefore, if the words of a speaker who says no, protecting his or her constituents' interests, may be taken to mean that the UK will soon join the euro
area, then this day deserves to be joyfully celebrated and written with red letters in the annals of the European Union. The thresholds that apply today are far too low in many areas. I will set out the
Commission’s overall position on all amendments at the end of this morning’s debate. I believe the hunt for new indicators and more figures on employment simply delays the necessary renewal and liberalisation
of European markets. These cases are under discussion under the auspices of the transatlantic business dialogue, in which I am also participating. And in this respect, Commissioner, there is a phrase in
the communication which worries us. We do not have time to wait for the Americans, but we know that the day will come when, for both economic and ecological reasons, they will be forced to commit themselves
to this work. I therefore think that everyone involved with this matter should sign a code of conduct. There are others which are regional in their nature yet have an enormous significance for the European
Union: energy security, trade and economic links, relations with common neighbours. The subject-matter is most apt for Lahti, an area which for a long time has had a high profile as a centre of excellence
in environmental technology - because there is no point talking about energy without energy efficiency. The resolution we approve will consolidate Parliament's vision in this area of neighbourhood policy,
developing the lines we defined in January 2006. Whilst I accept the doubts and recommendations of our rapporteurs regarding the presidency of the European Council, I still have concerns about the solution
proposed regarding the Commission and above all on distributing the seats in the European Parliament, for which neither the resolution nor the draft Constitution offer a satisfactory response. Lithuania
has already experienced this. Broadly speaking we have accepted what has been said by those states who are most alarmed by the package. &#160;&#160; I did not give you the floor for a point of order, Mrs&#160;Duthu,
but simply because yesterday when we opened the proceedings, given the solemnity of the meeting, the MEPs who intended to speak, as usual, for one minute on matters of interest to them, did not have the
chance to do so. Mr Gorostiaga, this is not a debate. They can be found amongst the exponents of many governments who promise at every official meeting what it is in their interests to deny in the corridors
outside. Mr President, the report by Mr Fabra Vallés reveals, penetratingly and unambiguously, how European tax-payers' money has been used irresponsibly in connection with the MED programmes. If they had
looked more closely at the different kinds of problems facing farmers in the various regions of Europe, I feel sure that this undifferentiated approach would never have occurred to them. In short, is it
prepared to carry out an evaluation based on the criteria of effectiveness, proportionality and necessity, and also to examine the possibility of combating abuse? The controls applied to the old Member
States regarding their implementation of these commitments are not at all as strict. In its conclusions the Turin European Council agreed the methods for associating the European Parliament with the work
of the conference in terms less ambitious than the presidency had hoped, certainly, but nevertheless representing significant progress compared with the position the last time reform of the Treaty was
negotiated. That is wrong! Jericho is at peace because the Israeli and Palestinian leaders have together decided to reopen the casino ... As you know, my country, Luxembourg, is in favour of multilingualism,
and perhaps on more than one account. The current recession comes within an extended and gradual slowing down of the European growth trend of twenty years. I also emphasized the fact that workers and businesses
from outside France were being badly damaged by a dispute in which they had no part and over which they had absolutely no influence. (Parliament adopted the motion for postponement of the vote) Human Rights
in the World 2007 and the EU's policy on the matter - EU Election Observation Missions (debate) A comment, now, on the famous telephone conversation between Mr Prodi and Mr Aznar. Along with the trade unions
and employers' organizations in Denmark, the Danish Social Democrats consider that the EU institutions should not have powers to amend agreements concluded by the social partners themselves. But, in reality,
he only proposes tinkering with the internationalist logic. I think that parts of these preconditions were such that Turkey could not be a member without loss of face from the start, because border questions
which are disputed between Greece and Turkey were made the yardstick, and not, Mr Oostlander, a question of the rule of law or human rights. To invoke the Treaty of Lisbon is therefore an expression of
unacceptable arrogance. If you have read Agenda 2000, you will see that the Commission proposes a new international conference. We have - I repeat this too time and time again, and I learned it in the parliament
of one of the countries soon to become part of our Union - unified Europe on a different basis, which means we can attract smaller countries too, we can attract minorities as well, for ours is a Union
of minorities, it is a Union where no one person or body is in command: that is the immense, unique splendour of Europe. By the very nature of things, we must therefore be able to differentiate. It is also
important that we achieve proper enforcement of the legislation. Now it is time for action on the part of the Community, and above all on the part of the Member States. I therefore cannot accept the proposal
in this report that even the limited provisions relating to external costs should be deleted pending an all-encompassing measure. We must firstly strive to be efficient, and, in this respect, it is easy
to understand that for certification work, the European Agency must work in conjunction with the major European design and manufacturing companies. We have an equally high regard for the work the Commissioner
is doing, but, as I said at the very outset, we do have to do some fundamental and general thinking about agencies. Your Presidency, however, will be remembered, above all, by Europeans for the failure
to achieve agreement on the Convention’s text. But unfortunately the human development report shows that the spread of technology, trade and wealth has not been equal, with the world's richest nations accounting
for 20% of the world's population but 86% of the world's GDP, 82% of exports, 68% of foreign direct investment and 93% of Internet users. We saw all too clearly that there were some Member States that wanted
to remain in control of the supervision and did not want anyone to poke their noses into their business. on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group. - Mr President, I come from Latvia, a country hit heavily by the
financial crisis. Rather, the problem relates to their ability to apply them and their effectiveness in doing so, as is the case in most similar countries. Everyone supports energy savings, everyone is in
favour of motherhood. According to the Committee on Development and Cooperation, this amount is altogether too little, not only for the purposes of obtaining the necessary flexibility and going in and supporting
the Global AIDS and Health Fund, but also for ensuring that the EU's own work, via the resources of our own secretariat, is as ambitious as possible. The security of the civilian population in the event
of possible incidents of a chemical, biological, radiological or nuclear nature is a very important matter and ambitions in this regard should essentially be supported. It does not add up. Under the terms
of these agreements, we are now negotiating the entry into the World Trade Organization of a number of countries, which requires several conditions to be met, and we see in the enlargement of the World
Trade Organization a strengthening of the 'multilateralization' of trade which is a good thing for the European Union which has every interest in preserving an open and multilateral trading system. I am
certain that, in doing this, we will show our citizens that Parliament is capable of finding solutions to the challenges posed by opening up borders and by the free movement of people. Bhutanese refugees
in Nepal I, too, am pleased about the decision that has been made not to fire Mr Van Buitenen, but I would ask you to put the matter on the agenda for the next meeting of the Conference of Presidents, as
the grounds for the decision are completely unacceptable. It is we, our own people, who keep the war going over there. At the last part-session we discussed ways of improving the implementation of the common
fisheries policy and, in approving the Provan report, stressed the essential part which monitoring had to play in it. We think that this is one of the most fundamental issues within the concept of multifunctionality
which is now associated with changes in the common agricultural policy, and the EAGGF, of course, has a crucial role to play in this. On classification, I have no problem with the two points that were raised:
pensions are compulsory expenditure. It appears to me that we have a real problem on our hands. I am voting in favour of this report as I agree that better cooperation in response to pandemics is needed,
and I agree that a review of the prevention plans drawn up by the EU and its Member States is necessary. The first presidents, Wim Duisenberg and Jean-Claude Trichet, did exceptionally good work here. While
we are on the subject of fair growth, it is important to emphasise that the European Council also gave its verdict on the possibility of levying a tax on international financial transactions. Enlargement
is, then, not a charitable act or a work of mercy. It is perfectly clear what is going on: the figures have been adopted in an attempt to get a pseudo-draft accepted. Just as this House insisted on Iberian
enlargement some 15 years ago, despite doubts in certain national capitals, so we will militate for an early and successful eastward enlargement in which 2002 will be crucial. I am most concerned by the
weak economic growth, because it is decisive for the other goals, and by the fact that in only two of the strategy's ten years of life did growth exceed 3%. In the Council, Commission and Parliament, the
gas directive, in respect of which the Council’s common position was determined, was circulated last year. If we take a look at Europe, it becomes clear that the crisis has had a huge impact on the labour
markets in the Member States and that action really is needed. This is important and constructive. I do think it is rather worrying, especially after talks with the Info-Point in my home town, that there
are obviously different budget lines from which the Info-Points can draw funding and that not all of them are affected by the problems relating to the new budget regulations. However, farming is in a unique
situation: even though farmers have to cope with climate change, livestock epidemics, natural disasters and global sectoral crises, much of which they cannot even predict, let alone plan for economically,
they still need planning security. Of course people want to protect civil liberties but we also want to protect the reality and the reality is that if we make the wrong decision very few people in Europe
will be thanking us in a month's time. (NL) Madam President, this Parliament keeps criticising the Commission and the Council, but I have to be honest and say that I am very impressed with the statements
made by both the Council and the Commission. It is permitted to have doubts and worries. This ambiguity in the role and responsibilities of surveyors across Europe needs to be rectified in order to ensure
a harmonised system and a level playing field. I will not elaborate any further. The EU Member States, and above all my own country, have very limited ambitions in this area and believe that it is not necessary
to make such demands of the Member States and of Europe's citizens. It has one, of course. The recovery plan is now a bit Keynes, a bit green, but really underneath it is still the same old thing. Despite
the solidarity shown by people and the help of the state, there is an urgent need to draw on the resources of the Solidarity Fund. The situation can be rectified and nobody should question the viability
of the independent, sovereign State of East Timor, which also enjoys independence and sovereignty over the country’s significant natural resources. German hospitals too have been involved in the care of
the wounded, dozens of whom are still in hospital. That is why we believe this measure is so important. Mr President, we are debating three Council regulations which confer enormous powers on the European
Central Bank and which should be considered very carefully indeed by the European Parliament, especially at this time. Indeed, within this international organisation, which is considered one of the biggest
and most authoritative, time appears to have stood still for more than 50 years in terms of structure, operation and mentality. This proposal fixes the premiums and guarantee thresholds for the next three
years, changes the scope of the Tobacco Fund and slightly simplifies the common organisation of the market. The second has to do with the institutional dimension of the area of freedom, security and justice,
because this is going to entail a 'before' and an 'after' in the activities of this Parliament. Seen from that aspect, I believe our proposals to a very large extent satisfy your requirements. It is really
no progress towards peace that the Klich-Report calls for a minimum annual community budget of €1 billion for armament and so called security research. The 20 million unemployed and the hundreds of millions
of people who fear for their jobs attribute their circumstances more to the European Union than to globalisation. I want to draw Mr Liikanen's attention to the whole question of what he and the Council
of Ministers are going to do about the recovery of subsidies paid to pits in the United Kingdom which were subsequently sold off or privatized. The Member States should pay in proportion to the size of
their catches. It has refused it until now, but the proposal by Mrs Muscardini to make a pilot project out of this for a five-year period, with an evaluation after four years, is a very good step in the
right direction. In the end, it was demonstrated in practical terms that the development which the Government had been opposing was the right one and good for Europe as a whole, and not just Finland. After
all, we have got rid of the symbols of the Treaty, but symbols can be put back in a calendar. As for Mr Le Pen, what an affront to the dignity of the European Parliament and for any true democrat to hear
Mr Le Pen using the word 'dignity' ! Cars inherently cause a large number of environmental problems. The report highlights priority areas that must feature in the strategy, such as the fight to have the
Roma people's fundamental rights respected. We are now paying for mistaken judgments within the European Union institutions. We have not put a foot wrong over the last few years. The fight against biological
weapons must, in this context, be pursued at a more sustained pace, particularly given the threat of potential bioterrorist attacks. Both those entitled to benefits and those actually in receipt of them
must be entitled to receive information on the way in which their scheme’s capital is invested or on the state of the stock market. Nevertheless, I recognise this is a very sensitive question. In keeping
with the spirit of the report, I would say that the European Institute of Technology should create the necessary conditions for connecting centres of knowledge with companies by means of an emphasis on
innovation and efforts to foster competition in economic sectors focusing on innovation. Of course the language used is to be condemned, but we must make sure that we ascertain all the facts. They want to
convince us of something, and, most important of all, they want to warn us about something. It is happening that there is some indication that the level of errors for the EAGGF Guarantee Section is lower
than the average for the budget as a whole, but for the Structural Funds it is higher and this high rate of errors is a cause for grave concern. For example, only eight students from GCC countries came
to Europe last year as part of the Erasmus Mundus programme. From the bottom of my heart, I want to thank you, Taoiseach, your Foreign Minister Dick Roche, your team, but also a number of people sitting
further back in its second, third and fourth rows, whose extraordinary dedication and expertise have made it possible for us to have a European Constitution. Since these have already been mentioned by others,
I will not repeat them. In this area we think that every country of the Union, and in particular France, has a role to play in terms of the defence of small traders and the promotion of labelled local produce
in the face of the hypermarkets and their central buying, even if, once again, the defence of our identity clashes with supranational community regulations. We are primarily striving for a global approach. Now
the Commission is trying - too late, I fear - to restore its reputation by making dramatic attacks on the banks. Mrs Niebler has quite rightly pointed out that there is a considerable difference between
technical measures and strategic decisions on policy, and that when it comes to strategic decisions the European Parliament really ought to play a greater role than provided for in the report, so that
transparency is guaranteed and democratic structures are actually established. I want to say how grateful I am for that, because it broadens to some degree the somewhat narrow view that we in Europe sometimes
take, and which leads us to focus on purely European interests. By this, I do not mean that Thabo Mbeki does not have god-like characteristics. &#160;&#160; – I would like to discuss the report on the agencies'
budget implementation. Mr President, I wish to thank all the speakers and, in particular, to thank the rapporteurs once more. What once looked impossible is now a reality. For 40 years, Mr Arafat was the
symbol of his people’s struggle for self-determination. One interesting aspect of this issue is whether this controversy will cause China's Muslim partners in Africa like Sudan to reassess their links to
the country. Thirdly, and this is a particularly important point, women must be more involved in the world of work. The Stability and Growth Pact, which is now to be revived and strictly adhered to, can
only be sensibly monitored if Eurostat receives data which has not been falsified and which corresponds to reality. On category 2, we are duty-bound to find a solution with the Council. Traffic lights that
can be red and green at the same time - since high sugar and low fat are not mutually exclusive - are of no help to consumers. Mr President, partly thanks to the Montreal Protocol, ozone-depleting substances
can be phased out quickly. I have some knowledge of this – they are French businesses. Moreover, it is vitally important that all 27 Member States should have a minimum level of legislation in this area
and that education and awareness-raising campaigns be introduced. I would like to make one thing absolutely clear: the vast majority of those affected were good farmers whose husbandry bears no relationship
to that of the few described by Mr Adam. It is a fact, and we must find a solution if we want the consumer to have confidence in the internal market. in writing. - (IT) I will vote against the proposal for
a decision, for the following reasons which, I am certain, will be accepted by the Court of Justice. Mr President and Members of the House, it is clear that during the course of the debate a number of issues
have been touched on that go beyond the strict terms of the second interim report of Mrs Aelvoet. Fighting terrorism also means defending human rights and democracy. I do not want to stir things up unnecessarily,
but this is totally unacceptable for a directly elected Parliament which has responsibilities and which has to answer to its voters. EULEX, the Union's mission in Kosovo, is, in the case in point, merely
the UN's 'military' arm, in charge of overseeing the implementation of a permanent Kosovar government and administration, in breach of UN Resolution 1244, which recognises Serbia's sovereignty over this
province. There is a whole host of programmes which are crying out for money and where contributions from the EU could be of use. That, at the moment, is what this is all about. First, I have made the Commission's
standpoint on this quite clear. We should also take into account a point raised by Mrs McKenna which is that zoos look after part of the general environmental heritage. I hope that this idea is an example
of an opportunity for many representatives of different institutions in Greece to get together and really to think about whether this is entirely necessary. Those responsible will be called to account in
accordance with Polish democratic procedures. Mr President, it is unusual to speak twice in a row in the same day. I have to say that the reason, or worthy compromise, if you will, that lies behind our swift
adoption of the proposal in the forms to be presented here is in fact in this, it is in being sure that the Commission will honour its commitment to return to this subject in a more thought-out, in-depth
way, to tackle once and for all what is a crucial issue not only for overcoming the current crisis, but also for completing the process of restructuring and liberalising the global air market, and for
building a better air market within Europe. For if we stop talking to each other, it is only the weapons that will be left to speak. During my recent trip to the Middle East I was made aware of the great
expectations which people have placed in the European Union and all its institutions. In addition, a protocol was attached to the Treaty. on behalf of the PPE-DE Group. - (IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen,
I thank the Commissioner for the comprehensive and exhaustive speech she made, effectively explaining what has already happened in this area. Moreover, to what extent are third countries now really all
dependent upon EU funds? I must remind you that the most powerful weapon at the disposal of any parliament is the spoken word and, in my opinion, we can send out three messages. What is important in this
is that consideration be given to the advantages and disadvantages of all systems deviating from the 'one share, one vote' norm, whether pyramid structures in Italy, preferential shares in Germany, double
voting in France or the 'A' and 'B' shares found in the Nordic countries. That is why I welcome this proposal. Having said that, there are still certain differences between the common position and the proposed
amendments: some proposals can be accepted but others call into question the structure and logical basis of Community arrangements and cannot therefore be accepted by the Commission. As the rapporteur,
Mrs Frassoni, rightly pointed out, this new working method of the Commission, in other words the handing back of the complaint, carries an inherent risk of the Commission renouncing its fundamental responsibility
for the application of Community law. In view of issues relating to the multiplicity and the readability of Community legislation on the Common Fisheries Policy, it is crucial that this legislation be improved
and simplified. It would be a demonstration of international solidarity if not only the G7 but all affluent countries were to agree on a plan to make these dangerous power stations disappear from the face
of the earth. A large number of the 500 million voters in the European Union live in the valleys, and voter turnout continually drops year after year. It is true! The result is that there is no single approach. What
is particularly important is that we use the successful launch of monetary union in order to reduce the democratic deficit in the European Union. I think that the reasons why a free rein has been given
to cooperate with external suppliers are unjustified and create the risk of visa trafficking. Mr President, I too should like to congratulate Mrs Kratsa and the Committee on Women's Rights and Equal Opportunities
because not only is this a report of substance, it also puts the question of women's rights straight back on the Euro-Mediterranean agenda. That said, I think that it is only right that I should assess
the package from the point of view of the Council. To be quite honest, I cannot understand it either, because in Question Time on the issue yesterday the Council and the Commission were in agreement with
it. However - and this is a point which I also wanted to comment on - it is true that we should not overly complicate the procedures. I believe this resolution shows our support for them; it is a recommendation
and we must help them to put it into practice. Parliament agreed to the request Unless they do so, revocation action will have to be taken in the absence of agreement or dialogue. I think a possible conciliation
procedure would be the best way to smooth off the sharp edges that still remain unresolved. They still receive very little money for their products, below the viability threshold. On the other hand, we have
shown the difficulties that arise when funding is rigid. &#160;&#160; Mr President, I am pleased to have an opportunity to speak on this own-initiative report by Mr Agnoletto on the human rights and democracy
clause in EU agreements. So far the debate has been dominated by arguments over whether the contamination found in the salmon was legal. Let us ensure that this tragedy is not a terrible waste, too, by learning
important lessons from it: we need to decide on the best ways of implementing a robust cross-border traceability system and establish a European communication unit and a crisis management unit. We shall
gain the citizens' confidence in this treaty if we haul the decisions in force in the internal policy sector out from the back rooms of the Council and bring them into the bright light of this plenary
sitting. It seems that it was agricultural subsidies in the EU that yet again broke one of the deals on the table. The Committee on Budgetary Control, under the annex to the Rules of Procedure which lays
down the powers and responsibilities of the committees, has sole responsibility for all questions concerning the implementation of budgets and all questions concerning the financial management of the Commission. All
this is not really directed towards reform of the CAP for, although it recommends an increase in the competitiveness of European agriculture at world level and the adjustment of the potential production
to market demands, it does not really ensure protection of the environment and the development of underprivileged rural areas. Under paragraph 2 of that article, a conference of representatives of the governments
of the Member States shall be convened by the President of the Council if the Council, after consulting the European Parliament and, where appropriate, the Commission, delivers an opinion in favour of
calling such a conference. The website also contains the new standard form for making a complaint. The budget is also of major importance to the governments and citizens of Europe since it sets out Europe'
s broad guidelines for action in 2001. We owe our voters and the European ideal total commitment. We reject the ‘basic choices’ described by this report and to be implemented not in the interests of the
people but in opposition to those interests. I supported this motion which asks the Commission to review the current legislation, and also to draft new legislation to ensure that passengers will not be
left in dire straits as a result of airline bankruptcy. Because of the heterogeneous nature of the building sector as a result of differences in climate, culture and building traditions, subsidiarity and
flexibility for Member States are important in the implementation of this directive. Irresponsible leaders exploit these feelings of unrest, sometimes with the help of major financial sources and terrorist
networks. The agency will not be empowered to determine policy guidelines or to approve the reconstruction programmes. The second-generation agencies were put in place by the Commission with statutes which
did not contain the financial safeguards which exist for the two first-generation ones. Nor is it relevant to my argument that Mr Ribeiro Campos may have a private interest in proving that there is substance
in what he said, and that there really was a case of corruption. I think that if the Member States want this and if we really believe that education is an investment in the future, we can achieve this goal. However,
the call expressed in Amendment No 19 for the abolition of the stability pact does not reflect the views of our committee. Such important matters require a full understanding of the options for future developments,
and the consideration of precise information. It is time for action. In principle, the proposal to substitute lead, mercury, cadmium, etc. is welcomed. He said that the resolution of these problems is a question
for future generations. Therefore, Madam President, Mr President of the Commission, we do not participate in the threats made by some political groups in this Parliament, who want to take the Commission,
which presents itself to our scrutiny, hostage. Having received these gruesome reports, it now falls to us to find out whether the reports in circulation are actually true. Member of the Commission. - Mr
Paleckis, I am convinced that the BONUS Article 169 initiative is expected to substantially improve the effectiveness of environmental and sustainable development policies for the entire Baltic region. However,
the operating rules of the Committee on Petitions are not clear and the impression is being created that selfish and/or political objectives are often pursued through the committee. In the 2004-2005 academic
year, the percentage of immigrants in compulsory education was 10.3% of all children, while in sixth-form colleges it was just 4%. We are unwilling to take remaining inmates and we must get clarity on the
participation in renditions and extrajudicial acts, including torture, on European soil. We stressed the Union' s commitment to the reconstruction of Kosovo and to the creation of a democratic and multi-ethnic
Kosovo. Improvements to the procedure used to obtain electronic confirmation of operators' VAT numbers and the corresponding names and addresses are also planned in order to guarantee greater legal certainty
for suppliers. If, as I said, the opposition wants to talk then we will support this, but there will have to be a prospect of fair elections which will put an end to what is currently an extremely odd constitutional
situation in Belarus in which there are two parliaments and a President reappointed by "referendum" . It may be that in a situation where the debate on net balances determines the solutions, it is somewhat
utopian to demand that all Community policies should be aimed at achieving greater economic and social cohesion. We are confronted by the paradox of a Europe with a very strong currency but a weak economy
in a deepening crisis and a society in great difficulty. Genuine condemnation of the crimes of Communism and a resolution of their consequences are needed in the name of Europe’s future stability. We had
hoped that the rhetoric of his speech in June would now be matched by some solid progress. Claims about nanoparticles and cosmetic products are a good example of this. Nor is it necessary to create more
units in the Commission to be responsible for monitoring the application of the principles of a common tourism policy. It is important that we continue to improve transparency and clarity and strengthen
the legal protection of citizens. Madam President, globalisation is blamed for everything, from population explosion to climate change to exploitation. Mr President, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen,
it is with great pleasure that I can personally bring you up to date, as I am sure you were hoping I would, on the great debate we started on 31 January in this very place, when I came to present you with
the second report on economic and social cohesion that the Commission had just approved. I wonder if she would like to confirm to the House that she will be resisting the calls from certain operators and
even regulators for a regulatory holiday for certain levels of investment in broadband? Here too, we therefore proclaim our solidarity with the women who are victims of such violence and add our voice to
the call to see women's rights upheld, and their dignity respected; we naturally support the report of our fellow Member, Mr Romeva. The first time it asked for this was only two weeks ago and, by that
time, the international press had already pushed the alarm bells and the President finally had to admit that there was a catastrophe in the region. Those MEPs who have supported the Italian opposition should
focus on issues that strictly concern their own countries, without looking at the Italian situation through the deluded and deluding eyes of my fellow countrymen. I understand that Mrs Suda is appealing
the decision of the trial court, and the EC will follow the case very closely. Mr President, Mr Watts, ladies and gentlemen, we welcome the fact that the draft resolution approves the concluding of this
agreement, and I hope, on behalf of the Commission, that maritime relations between the European Union and China will be encouraged and successful as a result. Well, the Structural Funds have helped to
apply a brake to this process. That is why Parliament requested that 'only those agricultural imports that comply with European consumer protection, animal welfare and environmental protection standards
and minimum social standards should be admitted to the European Union'. However, we are, unfortunately, still going over far too much old ground. Instead, we have asked for a detailed examination of how
we can best include foodstuffs in the ecolabelling scheme so as to ensure that we have done everything correctly from the outset and do not cause confusion with other forms of ecological labelling. Among
other measures, we need a fundamental overhaul of the EU's agricultural policy, which currently absorbs half its budget. The development of new applications for the Internet of Things will depend on the
confidence European consumers show in the system. That gives us a common goal to make real progress in the coming years. The imputations made by that Dutch television company were repeated by a member of
the Spanish press, and it is now extremely difficult to put the record straight and defend the parliamentary work carried out by Mr Medina Ortega, Mrs Nicole Fontaine and those others of our colleagues
who are involved. Our common agricultural policy has to be planned on a long-term basis and capable of being worked out by anyone, which means that we must not lose sight of the objective of using streamlining
as a means of dismantling bureaucracy. We failed in Amsterdam, despite excellent work by the Dutch Presidency. These have been developed by public and private bodies with the participation of those affected,
in order to maintain the principles of good governance, subsidiarity and proportionality. Yet state emergency laws have been in place in Egypt for the past 28 years. And if people in Europe do not eat potatoes,
what do they eat, Commissioners? The work of the Special Court sends an important signal to everyone that serious crimes against humanity, genocide and war crimes will no longer remain unpunished, no matter
where they have taken place. Even so, the Presidency needs to seize with both hands the reality of the European Union, and not content itself with making an assessment like the ones we can read every day
in the newspapers. Customs 2000 I spoke about the participants - both developed and developing countries. While it is settled that the City of Strasbourg has not committed any legal irregularity, the charge
of discourtesy is too convenient an excuse for some Members who simply want to take advantage of the occasion to raise the question of the seat again. A European Single Sky from 1 January 2005 will provide
clear confirmation that Europe is growing, that the process of integration is developing and that that process is also synonymous with the quality and safety of our lives. The Union will, however, determine
its final position only after it has received further information and reports from the countries in question on the scope and consequences of the requests. Finally, I am a staunch advocate of the subsidiarity
principle and believe that many of the subjects analysed in this report, while important and relevant, must remain under the Member States' jurisdiction. The EU' s four freedoms cannot be applied to the
whole of Cyprus following the partition. Although the State Secretary has gone, I am sure that the representatives of the Council will pass this on to him. &#160;&#160; Commissioner, although I do of course
agree with you that military operations are excluded from funding under the EU budget, my question relates to the police operation in Bosnia and Herzegovina. In this respect at least, the public demonstrates
that it is rather ahead of politicians' thinking on the issue, though sadly not quite as far ahead as the criminals. It is hoped that the Commission will be able to confirm this today. Commissioner, I have
asked this question and a number of other questions on the same subject in order to ascertain whether we are living up to what we say, and whether we are prepared to accept the logical conclusions of those
things we continuously maintain are so important. When the Americans donate a million dollars somewhere or other, then the whole world gets to know about it. Finally, there are approximately 600, 000 refugees
missing in the region. Here, it is useful to remember that in Edinburgh the Community budget's own resources were set at 1.27 % of GDP, with the intention of increasing them over the period 2002 to 2006
to 2.5 % against average Community inflation of 2.2 %. The new phrasing sets out in a clear and immediately understandable way the conditions for procedures with joint meetings, eliminating the need to
refer to other provisions. After thirteen years, it is time to make an assessment. But I would like to say that we must not indulge in a sort of pessimism about the European Union's inability to reach common
positions. I shall concentrate on that of enlargement which is our outlook and also for us a political obligation. in writing. - (EL) The motion for a resolution, which was passed by the large coalition
of centre right and centre left political forces in the European Parliament, uses piracy as a pretext to promote new imperialist interventions by the EU in the area of Somalia and the Horn of Africa. President
Pastrana has given us renewed hope and has injected fresh impetus into the peace talks. It is actually because this debate has overrun that he cannot be here now. We will, of course, give these careful consideration. It
is barbaric, it should not be countenanced and we need to ban it once and for all. ACP countries should not have to choose between trade agreements which may damage their local/regional markets or barriers
which cripple their export markets. As has already been said, we have had heat for centuries. the report by Raimon Obiols i Germà and Charles Tannock, on behalf of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, on strengthening
the European Neighbourhood Policy; and If we are talking to China, we should therefore also be stressing that Chinese firms should be relieved of this pressure. Let us hope that the underdeveloped countries
will never again get caught by them as they were at Cancún. (PT) Mr President, it is unacceptable that, using the pretext of the application of patients' rights in healthcare, in truth the European Commission
and the majority of Parliament want to call into question the national and public health service, as is the case in Portugal. I would like to thank Commissioner McCreevy for his statement today and to say
that it is very important that we think of the European Union as a community. In reality, as is clear from the recent Commission report to the European Parliament and the Council, Member States are opting
for the fastest possible opening up of the market, with the widest possible range, in relation to what is called for by the directive on the electricity market. In addition, the risk of erosion of state
revenue will become a real threat, which is certainly not a good thing in times of budgetary constraint. I am very pleased that Parliament has followed suit. As a matter of fact, it is important to provide
some clarity in defining the concept of social economy and ensuring its legal status through the wide range of national experiences. Question No 3 by Josu Ortuondo Larrea (H-0268/02): The fact that this
was even a possibility is a serious matter. The EU has played a central role in the creation and development of the World Trade Organisation, and we are now engaged in the Doha Development Round. Ladies
and gentlemen, we must think about this carefully. It also opens the possibility that, in future, non-ODA activities may be financed from budget lines which are intended for genuine development activities. That
is my objective answer to Mrs Gill's comment that she would like us to make economies of scale. The Black Sea region arguably is of strategic importance for the security and diversification of energy supply
in the European Union and requires a comprehensive approach with that in mind. The third challenge is how to promote the creation of a viable Palestinian State, for which the implementation of the roadmap
is a necessary condition. Partnership is a fairly recent invention by the European Union, which did not exist in the Europe which the founding fathers of the Ventotene Manifesto wished to see, or in the
Europe of the initial periods after the Second World War. It is important to make progress and to add a political dimension to this administrative level. The Treaty of Lisbon provides for an opportunity
to approximate the provisions of criminal laws and other legislation of the Member States. Mr President, my first words are words of thanks, and I can also add my thanks as Chair of the committee, for the
work carried out by the rapporteur. Nor, at the same time, must we of course forget that we are concerned here with health and safety in the workplace. Firstly, in relation to an integrated maritime policy,
we have already established a working group on such a policy, involving all the Mediterranean coastal states and regional conventions. on behalf of the IND/DEM Group. - (SV) Madam President, tax evasion
is not our main problem when the world economy is being shaken to its foundations. One of the aims is to improve the way in which the Eurozone operates. You should be aware of the report drawn up a few weeks
ago by an independent specialist group – which I have of course made available to Parliament – which illustrates what kind of behaviour in each country runs counter to our common desire to fight discrimination. Although
small in comparison with national public budgets, the European Social Fund has been helping the Member States weather the recent economic crisis. We do not see any reason in encroaching on the regulation
of fees and duties that are paid by companies for services or on the regulation for amending the scale of fees. However, the question which was put to you - to you in the Council - is this: what political
response do you, as the Council, intend to make to this conduct since Turkey has stated on numerous occasions that it does not intend to comply? And, in terms of the initiative we are to adopt today, this
will be all the more successful the more cities cooperate with other European cities on their projects and involve creative artists from other cities in their campaigns. The report thus seeks to preserve
the status quo and does not make real progress in any particular direction. Debt relief is one of the millennium objectives for development. Irrespective of any considerations regarding the objectives of
the new European microfinance facility, it is unacceptable that it should be financed by reducing the funds available to existing programmes, in this case Progress, a Community programme in the area of
employment, social inclusion and equal rights. It has only fleetingly been independent in modern history. I expressed my very real concern about the slow pace of the present negotiations. The fourth point
is that, with enlargement, we want our relations with the Arab world to be maintained and expanded and the Barcelona process and neighbourhood policy to be relaunched. The overwhelming majority of this
House considered, when we voted on the Riis-Jørgensen report, that this was the right approach. This positive and balanced report gives the Treaty a favourable verdict. Poor people - women, men and children
- living in developing countries encounter a wide range of interrelated sexual and reproductive health problems. I am doing that. I think there is no doubt about the message, either as regards the EU taking
a lead here or the need to do more than just talk about the matter. Despite technological innovations and solutions and waste management programmes, the problem represents a greater challenge every day. I
believe that this idea should be considered at a European level too. We also wish to extend the duration of the programme to 31&#160;December 2008. The environmental groups in Europe are deeply concerned
by the attempt generally to condemn them here. I am referring, in particular, to social exclusion projects. This procedure casts an interesting light on Paragraph 5 of the new Article 133 of the Amsterdam
Treaty, currently being ratified in France. We have to engage the citizen, and this is a fundamental challenge for all the institutions. It has also made it possible for the Bank to reassess its operational
priorities and gradually build the promotion of small and medium-sized enterprises or local financial institutions into these priorities. While it is difficult to meet an overall target of 3 %, if 8 % growth
is accepted for one-third of the budget, it is not impossible. On the whole, when I have not been at that altitude, I have been in this Chamber. The answer to this problem should not be found in a complete
removal of the duty-free system, but in proposals for a more efficient manner in which to carry out such sales. If we compare the way we have tackled employment during various phases of recession, we can
confirm that this recession is a great improvement on the last, even if unemployment is rising at present in some countries. &#160;&#160; The competent Italian authorities have communicated a request for
the waiver of Mr&#160;Marco Pannella’s parliamentary immunity in view of criminal proceedings before the Rome District Court. It also fascinates me because it demonstrates that parliaments, national parliaments
that is, are not getting things moving quickly enough. Madam President, as we all know, it was the issue of a comprehensive and rapid ban on animal experiments carried out in the context of cosmetics testing
that was the big issue in this conciliation. I would, therefore, be interested to know what the situation actually is regarding the inquiry into the legal bases, that is to say the current legal bases according
to the and the provision for the intended legal bases, for example, the infrastructure costs directive as well as vignettes, toll, road pricing, ecopoints – in fact, the whole caboodle. The problem is that
unless we have some democratic scrutiny, in a post-election system where we may see deterioration of the situation in the DRC, there is a danger of mission creep and being sucked into a quagmire. I use
this word carefully: we have worked constructively on European integration, on what the European institutions really do, on what this House does and on to what extent we in this House feel responsible
for the extremely important task of representing Europe' s citizens. This finding could very soon be proven in the following four lines of action: Take Linate, which is in dire straits with 160 000 positions
in difficulty. But there are many concrete responses, intentions to invest, even from businesses and associations of businesses, but we have to make our proposal full. I hope that all the other groups, today,
will be able to support the PPE amendment. Every year British Cellophane puts approximately GBP 20 million into the economy from wages, direct and indirect goods. Mr President, I should like to propose an
oral amendment to the original text of paragraph 14, to replace the words "...of the Cohesion Fund' with the words "...of a cohesion fund' , and I would request Mr Berend to withdraw his Amendment No 4. In
accordance with the principles of the rule of law and good governance, in the Union we have to expect these supervisory bodies also to act in accordance with the regulations, and insist on it. The male
forms tend to look better than mine and the female forms tend to look better, say, than some Members of this House. We saw, indeed, in our most recent debates on the necessary size of the European Union’s
budgets, that there is in this sector a need for both revenue and for costs to be apportioned realistically, in other words, that railways, which have to pay their way, must, as regards costs, be put on
an equal footing with roads, and that HGVs and other freight traffic must also pay to use roads. Moreover, to quote the well-known biblical saying, it is better to give than to receive. Industry and science
are clamouring for it, as it will boost competitiveness and employment - especially in the new sectors we need most. Concerning the Baltic Sea strategy, I would like to react to two very concrete points
which were raised. What everyone is asking about is legal certainty. We did not find you to be particularly enthusiastic on these two points. Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, Mr Ebner's report deserves
credit for having emphasised the value of regional languages as components of our cultural heritage and wealth. - (PT) During the debate in plenary, my colleague Mr Mussa said words to the effect that intelligence
cannot be patented. It does not only call attention to the fact that the role of women has changed, but also to the fact that – and I would like to place special emphasis on this – mass rape has become
an instrument of war, and I can only support the proposal that mass rape should be treated as a war crime and punished efficiently. The Commission for its part is prepared to support any initiative which
will lead to such a code of conduct being established, and the White Paper is intended as a contribution to these efforts. In the country's constitution, there is a special mechanism for placing power into
the hands of the incumbent government during the preparation of elections. I do not agree with that and hence will be supporting the amendments of my colleague, Mrs Weisgerber. It left behind a poisonous
economic legacy. However, the fact that the use of these tissues and cells can result in the transmission of diseases has focused attention on the need for increased safety measures. In fact, most of those
in genuine need remain in their regions of origin or in border areas, where they are subjected to persecution, distress, indignity, hunger and death. But it is also right to say that we should help the
long-term prospects of the Pakistan economy through trade measures, and the Commission will be making specific proposals next month. Does it make sense to maintain the principle that it is possible not
to apply the maximum 48 hours by means of individual opting out? Ultimately, we decided otherwise. It is quite simply too expensive and complicated, as we have heard. I would have liked to delete Article
25, but I have conceded that it is not feasible or appropriate, and I have conceded the need for a pre-trade transparency requirement. It is indeed the topic for debate, Mr President, for Euratom is doing
the very same that we are doing here in this Parliament in which we hide ourselves away, where we do so much to ensure that nobody hears us doing it. Nearly 70% of the working population in Europe is involved
in the services sector, which represents 55% of the EU’s GDP, but, at present, services account for only 20% of trade between Member States. The report certainly makes for very interesting reading. Of course,
every Member State can determine for itself how its own constitutional system should be organised, however, and that naturally means that decentralisation in one country is organised differently from decentralisation
in another. If that had been done by the government of a Member State, think what a political upheaval it would have caused! Next year Europe will be united as it has never been before. Under Egyptian law,
Shadia Nagui Ibrahim is a Muslim, because her father was once a Muslim. I attended the IMCO Committee meeting on 26 November and I am now pleased to address the European Parliament meeting in plenary. Particularly
worthy of notice are the points about respect for human rights as well as a demand, which is important for Poland, for the suspension of the impasse as regards Polish agricultural exports to the Russian
market, which is a confirmation of the much-desired solidarity between European Union countries in relations with Moscow. Soon there will be nothing left that you can eat! Firstly, given the deterioration
of the mountain ecosystem, we should call on the Member States to be more vigilant when granting building permits. Without their political will and commitment nothing will change. The Summit will provide
a further opportunity to underline the benefits for Russia of improving her image in these areas and our willingness to support the development of democratic institutions through Tacis. We are providing
a lot of money, but this is also what complementarity is about, what donor coordination is about and what ownership is about. All Quartet partners should be able to contribute. The mere possibility that
women may be forced to use their bodies as part of an obscene new trade should be enough to make us all commit ourselves to combating this practice by acting without delay. In order to find a donor who
is at the origin of a contaminated donation, it is important to set up a register to include the name of the collection centre and precise identification of the donor in the form of a code number which
would guarantee confidentiality of information. In particular, the Commission can accept in full Amendments Nos 6, 16, 21, 28, 31, 33, 34, 44, 45, 46, 48, 52, 53, 65, 67, 68, 75, 76, 78, 80, 84, 85, 88
and 102. South Africa is a key player and the Union, as Mr&#160;Collins suggests, must engage with South Africa in that regard. (PT) I believe that, in this crisis, we have to understand that the rise in
fuel prices is the catalyst for a situation that was already far from healthy and that was already raising some major concerns. If Parliament approves this, I hope that the Council will take a more favourable
stance despite its policy of not changing the allocations for the ten new Member States from what was agreed in Copenhagen. Europe must drastically reform its own development, trade and agricultural policy
and the ACP countries must put all their efforts into democratisation, political stability and conflict prevention so as to allow their countries to develop socially and to make them fully-fledged trading
partners. The time has come, therefore, to react. The Irish vote is a definite vote in favour of Europe. It does not claim to provide an overview of future EC-policy in these areas, but does - as similar
initiatives earlier (like the Commission's communication of 1994) - try to ensure that in determining such policy, the decision-makers have at their disposal as broad a basis as possible on which to take
their decisions. As part of the overall EU commitment, the Union's pledge was initially announced at EUR 460 million, and we consider it necessary to increase that to EUR 522 million. Alcohol and drugs are
two elements that endanger the lives of too many young people on roads all over Europe. He gave up these activities in 1990 in order to set up a foundation dedicated to environmental protection. I hope that
1999 will be a year that we will remember, when Europe as a whole began to combat violence against women and show respect for human rights. I very much agree with Mr Collins that when you run into difficulties,
there is little else to do but try to redouble your efforts, and I think we are in fact trying to do so. This has been confirmed by what we have heard today and in recent days, such as the suppression of
demonstrations in Beijing on the 60th Anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights - there was a presidency statement concerning that; the blocking of foreign websites - for instance, the BBC
website; and a very negative report by the United Nations Committee on Torture three weeks ago. Lord Inglewood has taken soundings of the industry. We will inform our services of the matter. After all, it
is also in the European Parliament' s interests to ensure that sensible use can be made of this building in Brussels in the long term. Madam President, I would first like to welcome the President-in-Office
of the Council. Furthermore, little attention is being paid to combating immigration on Europe's southern border where, for instance, the agreement with Libya, which is now operating as far as Italy concerned,
could run into difficulties. In Syria, we should have imposed stronger sanctions, but here, we also needed unanimity. In Amendment 3 it is noted quite rightly that it is vital that the notion "temporary
use of nutritional supplements' is not to be taken as a reference to a random limited period, but that the length of use should be determined case by case. Regarding the political consequences that the
Council envisages in the admission of Burma to ASEAN, I can indicate to honourable Members that at the General Affairs Council on 26 June last, the following conclusions were drawn, which I think everyone
already knows. It is extremely important, and I am glad that both you and your Minister for Foreign Affairs have mentioned recently that you want to look carefully at our neighbours and take what I hope
will be a sympathetic view of the idea of enlargement of the EU. I would like, once more, to take this opportunity to express my gratitude for the good work that Mr&#160;Simpson did during the previous
Parliament, and, in particular, for the constructive cooperation with all Members during this one. It is the most modern in the world, and it has been drawn up in the world' s largest continuous legal area. This
preparatory mission comprised representatives of the Dutch presidency of the Council, the European Commission, the OSCE and the Council of Europe, plus members from the United Kingdom, Italy and Greece. Experience
has shown that the creation of a single market based on the system of healthy competition is fully compatible with socioeconomic concerns, of which services of general interest are one of the most practical
elements. The project is the only one of its kind and the Commission's support is fully in line with the Council's 1999 decision on efforts to combat child sex tourism. I have personally come to realise
that where the United States might be a melting pot, the European Union is a very rich, colourful and beautiful mosaic of diversity. In this context, therefore, we need to speak about prices and taxes. In
the next debate in Parliament with the Council, on the ERDF criteria, for example, I think that we should elaborate on how the Lisbon objective can be specifically fleshed out. In conclusion, I hope we
can now proceed with this proposal and that citizens will soon get the benefits of a safe single market in vehicles and their trailers. It really does work! Commissioner, you state that the European budget
is not a duplication of a national budget. In the absence of that, I have to say that this Parliament must take the view that this is a matter which should concern us all and to which we should return in
the next mandate. And proof that we were right lies in the fact that I was told, last night, by e-mail, that the legislative programme had arrived as an annex. The Conference of the Parties to the Convention
on International Trade in Endangered Species has already begun its deliberations, and so it is rather late in the day for us to seek to lay down some of Parliament's views, but I trust that the services
will ensure that our views are forwarded very speedily to the negotiating team in Harare, since they are actually working on it at the moment. The citizens of Europe have a right to expect not just better
legislation but the best legislation that is humanly possible. I therefore hope - like many speakers - that the firmness of the rapporteur will not go unnoticed, and that if the Commission fails to give
a concrete response to the demands set out in the resolution, a vote of no confidence will effectively be passed, so that our good intentions are not short-lived. Here lies a task for the Ukrainian Government
and its people. Before I finish, I would like to make it clear that, although this report is not the right place to deal with the situation of the minority languages or of other non-European languages,
but that it is intended to improve the language competency of the citizens, the quality of teaching and learning systems for the official European languages, it should not in any way prejudice the recognition
and protection of those languages that are not official in the Union, but which are official in certain Member States. I am broadly satisfied with the conclusions we have reached. What we need now is a sensible
way out of this situation. It is also clear that as more countries integrate their taxation and social security systems, we need to take action to tackle the resulting anomalies, which can result in double
payments. In fact, on several occasions, particularly in the McMillan-Scott report, Parliament has given its opinion on this movement that takes part in terrorist activities. Even some of the payments that
appear to be correct are actually supporting grotesque projects. They steered this difficult dossier safely and decisively through the committee and were able to achieve an excellent and convincing result
for consumers. That means that the euro is at present the only project for strengthening the Union. Certain amendments, however, appear to attempt to slow down, and even to paralyse, the efforts made to
promote this stimulation of European ports, aimed at improving, as I said earlier, the potential of long-distance maritime transport, aiding our exports to other parts of the world, but also short-distance
maritime transport, providing an alternative to land transport. The certification system must be founded on social and environmental considerations. The Commission launched a second feasibility study in
1995 aimed at updating and deepening the first one. Finally, I will say something about subsidiarity. Quite rightly, he raises the issue of the safe-country concept being based on human rights considerations,
not on diplomatic links. Question No 53 by (H-0336/01): It is evident that the fight against organized crime and corruption will be an important component in the coming membership negotiations. The latter
involves a Europe which is politically absent but economically present; it is a strategy for simply monitoring crises, which leads nowhere. Many events have cast doubt on our ability to deliver in this
great undertaking. In fact, the Commission's 2007-2013 new generation of programmes, namely the lifelong learning programme, offers a broad range of financing possibilities for these languages. Finally,
the third conference, which was held in Helsinki, introduced long-term promotion of transport systems which are efficient, respect the environment, and can meet the economic, social, environmental and
safety requirements of the public and of businesses. rapporteur. - (HU) I feel honoured to have been a participant in this process which proves - as Mr Frattini has just said in concluding his speech -
that, beyond the formalities, it is possible to cooperate productively if there is a common will. You need to have the compressors on the pipelines and, if you do not, then it causes trouble. Another sector
where we see the need for further action is the implementation of the EU Waste Shipment Regulation. And, by way of an indication, 10% is caused by natural pollution. It is no use to anybody if the EU expects
them to go through complex bureaucratic procedures or points them towards committees that have yet to meet, when what they really need is quick and unbureaucratic help, which would achieve much more than
expensive information campaigns that only end up running into the ground. He is probably an even worse dictator: the destruction of the town of Hamra, the assassination of the French ambassador Delamarre,
the assassination of our paratroops from Drakkar. We will continue to pursue this issue. Yes, we do need international coordination. I should like, on behalf of my group, to pay tribute to the work carried
out by Mrs Lenoir and her colleagues in the group of advisers. (EL) Mr President, I have listened carefully to all the speakers. We also oppose the plans to privatise large sectors of the Colombian economy
as well as the measures to reduce the purchasing power of the population, such as cuts in retirement pensions. Mr Medina Ortega has asked for the floor. Once again, after the immigration-related accusations
made against the Italian Government in this House by those who are on the opposition not because of a strange conspiracy that they see themselves as the victims of, but because of the sovereign will of
the people, an opportunistic, ridiculous and self-serving attempt has been made to distort the reality of the situation in Italy, with the sole aim being to denigrate the government and our country in
the person of our Prime Minister, Mr Berlusconi. I think it is a disgrace, it is a waste of money and as for the ridiculous ... Immigration is a reality and we will always have to deal with flows of migrants
into Europe seeking work or fleeing persecution. Youth unemployment is one of the most important and urgent problems faced by Europe, currently affecting 5.5 million people under 25 throughout the European
Union: a structural problem that has seen its economic and social impacts greatly increased by the recent economic crisis. However, if it is an improvement on what we have at the moment then we should support
it. We now hope that the Commission will in future comply with the values in the proposal and, faced with each new initiative, ask four questions: Is the measure proportionate, that is to say appropriate
to the problems that are to be solved? The Treaty of Lisbon brings with it new requirements of the European Parliament and, with that in mind, it is logical for Parliament to expect some increased costs,
because there will be an increase in our activities. Following the disappointing turnout at the last European parliamentary elections, the June European Council decided it was time to return to this matter. These
petitions which reach a favourable outcome give us members of the Committee on Petitions the courage to persevere in applying all our energies to defending the interests of our fellow citizens. The agreement
provides us with greater reassurance about the continued suspension of Title 3, which it is assumed will remain in force during the whole term of office of President Clinton, which is spelled out in the
agreement. The members of the EU delegation to Ukraine made it clear while we were there that we believe that rivalry between the exponents of the political blocs must not be allowed to continue to dominate
the political agenda but that they must come to an understanding about what measures they want to take to stabilise the country. It may be argued that a clause resulting in consumers paying in practice
for something they have not consumed is unfair. The Commission firmly believes that respect for human rights would enable peace to return to Sudan. We now have to provide the Taiwanese with all the help
that is humanly possible. We have accepted great support from the European Union since we joined it and we are prepared to give back a great deal of what we received. In this resolution the European Parliament
made the following declaration on the basis of my report: Since the signing of the Maastricht Treaty each Member State of the European Union has made substantial progress towards convergence. Madam President,
Iceland is one of the oldest democracies in Europe. I would like to know if the Commission is making these threats and, if it is, whether it feels that it has an entitlement to do so. Controlling our migratory
inflows is becoming a major issue, particularly on the eve of enlargement when a number of third country nationals will soon become full citizens. That is a win-win situation in legislation. Although there
is generally great diversity in this Parliament, there is in fact unanimity that the creation of jobs is the principal economic, political and social objective of this Union. This report is due to be presented
at the debate at the beginning of next year that I mentioned. Furthermore, the European Council took note of the study carried out for the Commission on maritime borders and invited the Justice and Home
Affairs Council to draw up a working programme on this issue to be adopted by the end of the year. I would say this, however: please bear in mind that if part of this strategy is that a new proposal is
brought forward after the turn of the year that is substantially different to the first then we, Parliament, would need to be consulted from the beginning once again. Amendment No 65, in line 04&#160;02&#160;12,
is accepted with an increase of EUR 1 million. Those Member States share a common good called the euro and it would not be acceptable for the misbehaviour of some members to put all the others at risk. Then
we come to the aspect dealt with in Article 2(1) of the proposals where the amendment before us - Amendment No 10 - proposes that we should move to majority voting in Council rather than unanimity. Traditionally
we have lumped this together with the Commission expenditure. Secondly, it is recommended that we prioritise the study of Almadén as the location for the mercury store intended for the safe storage of all
of the metal in existence in Europe. I am also certain that we shall not forget that, in the last analysis, the EU budget is funded by the citizens of Europe. We can hope for an improvement in relations
and for continuing progress towards a strategic partnership. I therefore call for long-term political, social and legal measures to do away with gender-based violence and to achieve true equality between
the sexes. In regard to state aid it certainly needs emphasising that this aid is still needed. The two labour market problems which the honourable Member has raised, namely, traineeships and labour market
segmentation, are among the topics 'Youth on the move' takes up. As this is an important report, I should like it to be voted upon this morning. Until now almost all resolutions, which I have had an opportunity
to vote on in this Parliament, were based on this very viewpoint – strategic partnership. Rather, we are seeking to deny the Union the right to plunder external fisheries resources at the whim of those
fleets who will fish anywhere - and will fish until there is nothing left to catch. Vice-President of the Commission. - Mr President, several honourable Members referred to the issue of proper regulatory
supervision. These projects involve not only car manufacturers, but also suppliers to the car industry. From 21 December 2007 travel will be possible from the Iberian Peninsula to Poland, from Greece to
Finland without border checks. In no event may it exceed a maximum of 50%, of operating costs and, furthermore, they must be decreasing for a maximum of five years. In any case, the Commission closely follows
all court decisions and judgments, including in the area of termination markets such as the decision of the Cour d'Appel to which the Honorable Member refers in his question. In calculating the net costs,
account should also be taken here of the "pay or play' approach. We constantly attempt to promote and push these values through political dialogue. My concern is that, in the run-up to the final negotiation,
as a consequence of the difficulties raised by this text, the result might be rather more modest. First, we shall examine the text of the initiative from the Republic of Finland. Whether the price drops
again in the short term is of no consequence because there will be a steady upward trend in the long term. So I believe that it is high time the Union Member States assumed their joint responsibility and
together approved this temporary status for displaced persons. In accordance with this principle, each and every Member State decides for itself which services will be provided by public institutions and
which sectors will be liberalised. In a very important area for Union security, certainty that the law is being applied should be the priority. It is nevertheless true that the outcome of the Vienna meeting
is no different from that of previous ones. If this money goes into the milk fund, the cut will hurt even less. That is, rationing, the deliberate fabrication of scarcity. Mr President, in March the European
Parliament adopted my report on industrial relocation both within the EU and worldwide. Based on this effort to be transparent and establish dialogue, in the light of the new powers it has been granted,
the European Parliament has a key role to play, with its duty being to give the negotiations a political and moral mandate. It is a supplementary question. Last week the Council gave the final go ahead to
the new regulation on the control of mergers: as Parliament’s draftsman on that subject, I must express my regret at the fact that the amendments – which I consider important – suggested by Parliament
were not adopted, in particular as regards the automatic transfer to Brussels of some of the most important concentration and merger operations and powers. In 1989, when the first text was adopted, there
were only about 50 television channels in Europe. Having said that, with what we are doing in the field of development aid and technical assistance for training, with what we are doing to encourage trade
and with what the European Investment Bank is now doing - and God knows it is putting enough effort into it! - in this region, the volume and the number of instruments available to the entrepreneurial
initiative are, I believe, experiencing rapid growth. At the same time, it is important that passengers' rights are respected, regardless of the type of new aviation security measures introduced. This would
in some way be a bonus for joining the euro that could make it even more acceptable to the citizens of the countries taking part and encourage those countries that are still reluctant to participate. That
in itself is a considerable step forward. It seems to me that there are two especially important points. The autonomous communities are also States. Those who advocate such utter foolishness - because they
have run out of ideas and people are running away from them - are also, and with a complete lack of responsibility, leaving the 6 % who still work in rural areas to face the anger of the remaining 94 %
of Europeans, who then rightly point out that a 'philosophy' of this kind will not only cause jobs and social security to disappear for ever, but will eventually cause the downfall of the successful model
which is the European Union, and which is unique in the history of Europe and the world. We hesitate, saying that we must be afraid of the Germans, that we must be careful, that we should try to be calm
and negotiate nicely. Agreements on this issue will provide the policy coherence and stability which give the private sector the confidence to invest properly in developing countries. It would be good if
they could stand up, be identified and, ideally, say something. However, we should also have a corresponding environment for our citizens and the two must be created at the same time. Consumers can feel
at ease that this technology, which is highly monitored and tightly regulated, will ensure that Europeans continue to be the best fed people in today's world. I feel that if we stop to discuss whether,
every time a Member wishes to speak on a procedural motion, it actually complies with the Rules of Procedure or not, then we shall waste a great deal of time. We consider - and I think we all agree on this
- that the transfer of charges from land to sea transport should be taken as a priority objective of the European Union' s transport policy. We need to start by recognising the various alcohol cultures
that exist and finding effective solutions to real problems, i.e. abuse and underage drinking. It was not acceptable, and indeed we refused to accept, that in the very heart of Europe human rights should
once more be flouted in such a barbaric manner. I would like to tell my fellow Members a little about the issue of nominating the members of the European Court of Auditors. We did not quite manage that but,
thanks to the work of our rapporteur, it would seem that we have obtained as good a solution as we could. It has been established that many delays and unnecessary debates are avoided when Parliament, exercising
its responsibility by means of the Committee on Budgets, is involved in this issue from the outset. However, I would like to repeat that we should and we will give a positive example, but we are all aware
that we cannot solve the problem without looking beyond the research portfolio. Real progress can only be made in the fight against terrorism if we ensure that all parties respect these values. Firstly,
the civilised world abhors terrorism and condemns it whatever its aims. Thus, all of our partners know what the European Parliament wants and they can incorporate that into their ideas as far as possible. It
is an illegal decision, because the final status of East Jerusalem will have to be discussed during the third stage of negotiations, and because both sides have undertaken to refrain from any action that
might change the situation on the ground. Mr President, I am glad that at least Mr Patten is here to follow this important debate, because there are urgent matters which require discussion. Colleagues have
also pointed to the article on non-discrimination. It is now 20 years since it became compulsory in Britain for car drivers and front-seat passengers to wear seat belts. Would you support this idea? Rumours
are spreading that the government of Prime Minister Meles Zenawi is dragging IGAD into violating the arms embargo imposed by the UN Security Council in Somalia. For me this is an incredible proposal and
one I would like to hear explained this morning. Certainly, we need a new Treaty in order to make Europe more democratic and more efficient, but there is no rush. The third and most important principle is
what I call the healing process. I would have liked Taiwan, in return, to immediately grant visa-free entry to all citizens of the European Union, too. If there were no clear need for this, the Council of
Ministers last month would have given some indication that this were the case. With this proposal, the Commission has proposed three measures: to provide a legal basis for relations between the Community
and the United States in the field of air transport, to create a legal framework for ongoing negotiations and for all other agreements and to ensure an appropriate division of competences between the Community
and the Member States. The rules of the Amsterdam Treaty apply here. We believe that a common policy framework and regulatory environment is necessary: alongside containment measures we need integration
measures and legal immigration channels. All these subjects require a knowledge of financial terminology and its correct application in the management of their finances. We have always backed initiatives
that the Commission has taken in this domain, and we shall continue to do so. If we do not want to see a large-scale conflagration, we need now to demonstrate solidarity with Greece. Lastly, if the monopoly
on information is to be broken, we certainly need to support radio stations and future television stations broadcasting to Belarus. We cannot let up or compromise where aviation safety and security is concerned. Parliament
is ready to find any possible solutions through regulatory means. That they put aside their ideological differences in order to vote for a constitution for everybody. During my time in the British Parliament,
I was Co-Chairman of the British-Somali All-Party Group. The focus then was placed on prevention, research, law enforcement, effective sentencing of traffickers and support to victims. In our view, the principle
of free movement of persons between Member States is as important as the principles like the free movement of goods or of services. In this respect, we hope that our Parliament and the Commission go a little
further than the stage at which common reflection has arrived today and will envisage that, alongside the introduction of a common monetary policy, instruments for joint economic action other than purely
monetary ones should, in the near future, be made available to the Union. It is unfortunately the case that assaults upon women within the family are not illegal in all countries. In many places, river levels
were higher than they have been for hundreds of years. The need for transparency in the IGC and in other areas of the Union's activities remains a major focus of attention. Mr President, ladies and gentlemen,
may I first and foremost express our deep respect for the rapporteur and for the way she has brought about this well-founded report? Parliament has cooperated in negotiations with both the Presidency and
the European Commission and one of Parliament's main achievements was obtaining a substantial increase in the financial resources dedicated to territorial cohesion, an important objective in the context
of enlargement. I want to emphasise that the majority of the Group of the European Liberal, Democrat and Reform Party supports her and the amendments she has tabled on the Group' s behalf. Madam President,
Commissioner, honourable Members, despite my belief that not all stones were left unturned in our joint efforts to bring the Serbian side to support the final deal, I welcome the Lagendijk report because
it emphasises the need to obtain the consent of both parties involved. (PL) We are distressed to see that the proposals of the majority of the members of the Committee on Foreign Affairs concerning balanced
geographical representation in forming the Union's External Action Service are encountering serious problems and outright determined resistance. (PT) This report should call for testing to be imposed, in
order to end the tragedy of the around 2 000 deaths and the more than 18 000 serious injuries that occur in road traffic accidents across the EU every year. Back on 14 July, the European Parliament stated
that the Commission's plan for this sector was insufficient and should be more practical and above all more concrete. Illegal immigration will be trivialised if, in future, every illegal immigrant is seen
simply as a person without a valid work permit. That is not my last word on the matter. Something had to happen. On the follow-up to the 1994 discharge, I just want to say that I expect the Commission to
keep Parliament informed on our requests in the resolution, not least concerning the few outstanding actions relating to the 1994 DAS. It is time to tackle the deep-rooted causes of poverty in Haiti once
and for all. In order to keep below the 1% of the Union’s gross national product – so dear to certain Member States – the Council has cut EUR 4&#160;300 million. An amendment on stakeholders that I tabled
in committee was rejected. In this report, we see similar ideas being projected at international level. If we are not mature enough to extend the directive to the self-employed, we could at least extend
the scope of the directive to employees who are self-employed but who are treated as employees under special legislation. I quite understand the concerns expressed in the draft opinion of Parliament; that
is why the Commission will amend its proposal as far as possible in order to respond to this opinion of Parliament. But giving the public real rights in proceedings under Article 169 will clearly involve
an amendment to the Treaty. Furthermore, we believe that budgetary discipline and the pursuit of savings are needed more than ever, and European citizens also expect this, in the implementation of this
budget. And that those, like President Santer, who have pointed out that sound economic policy in itself clears the way for social policy must bring that point to the attention of members of the Duma -
not for the first time either. The Commission proposes that, for the time being, only the EUR 40 million that are also available in the budget this year should be allocated to Serbia for the year 2001,
for example, to finance the Energy for Democracy programme. (FI) Mr President, as draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Budgets, I would like to draw attention to the economic effects this legal
decision will have. Madam President, our report on the first ten years of the euro - EMU 10 - which I have had the opportunity to present to the Members in this House and to Parliament's Committee on Economic
and Monetary Affairs, includes an analysis of the course of inflation and the instruments used in monetary policy, among others. Finally, I appeal urgently to the Commission once again in the light of the
unmanageable crisis in the United Kingdom to change the non-vaccination policy. The joint work by the two co-rapporteurs showed that even ideological divisions can be overcome when work is carried out effectively
and in the interests of citizens. This system would encourage ships to deliver their ship-generated waste and cargo residues to the port reception facilities rather than discharge them at sea. Will it be
a judicial authority, and will citizens have the possibility of court proceedings, which they are guaranteed in Europe? The way individual governments allow particular lobbyists to manipulate and take advantage
of them to a certain extent, in the course of negotiations, is sometimes unworthy of them. There is no need, however, desperately to cling to so completely ill-conceived and discredited a project as KEDO. However,
I want to make clear to Mr Prodi today, on behalf of my Group, that if the next Commission makes a genuine attempt to reform with the courage and vigour which he has expressed this morning, then it will
receive the support of my Group. That is always the way in which Mr Meciar tries to avoid a definite answer. We who sit in Parliament may disagree about a lot, but we can all agree in paying tribute to you
as Secretary-General of our common, worldwide organisation, the UN. &#160;&#160; – Mr President, the 2003 annual report submitted by the European Ombudsman to the President of the European Parliament and
presented to the Committee on Petitions deserves to be approved by all of us in keeping both with Mr De Rossa's report and the relevant resolution. Therefore, it is indeed essential that we do our best,
do our utmost, to protect and reinforce this European construction. &#160;&#160; Ladies and gentlemen, I would also like to make a further statement relating to certain events of this weekend. But, frankly
speaking, can I be positive, knowing that we urged you, and I called on you in this place before summer started, to be ready for a humanitarian crisis operation and for contingency planning? Specifically,
the new Erasmus Mundus programme lays emphasis on the possibility of attending masters' and doctoral courses, the creation of partnerships with educational establishments in third countries and the pursuit
of particular communication and information activities. The Committee on Petitions deals with the specific concerns of the citizens and, in this respect, as has been pointed out by Mrs Lambert - who I warmly
congratulate on her report - the petitions presented to Parliament illustrate the problems of the citizens in relation to European administrations and also, in many cases, national administrations, at
the same time highlighting the legislative vacuums which exist on both European and national levels. Europe will no longer be absent from national debates. I should like to ask the Commissioner three questions. It
would mean, too, that the European Union's rules on competition, the environment and public procurement were being respected. It is obvious to everyone now that many mistakes were made in the past. Now that
there is a clear need to establish strong partnerships on the international scene, now more than ever, since the end of the Cold War, the European Union must not shirk any of its responsibilities or the
challenges placed before it. We still think, however, that, although age affects the general condition of a vessel, all the experts emphasise that maintenance is a better determining factor than age. Mr
Aşçı is now very near to death. Clearly, this can hardly be interpreted as anything other than an insinuation that Mr Asp did something he ought not to have done and that he might perhaps even deserve a
reprimand. In the context of the budget forecasts for 2007-2013, this is a very bad sign. On the other hand, the Council always gives its opinion in sufficiently general terms in order to leave a certain
amount of leeway for the Member States concerning their domestic priorities. On 3 December, at its twenty-second meeting, the committee responsible for Directive 90/220/EEC requested that the Commission
put in place harmonized control and inspection measures. This is a very important part of the EU 2020 strategy that I mentioned before, and it was included in the conclusions of the meeting of the Employment,
Social Policy, Health and Consumer Affairs Council that has been mentioned so many times here and took place this week. It will help to open up Member States' markets, strengthen trade relations between
the EU and third countries, and also enable SMEs to cooperate on the Community's internal market. The principal way to combat illegal immigration is to open up legal channels for entry into the European
Union. Let me say again: it is extremely important to adopt measures to step up the fight against fakes and piracy, to enforce intellectual property rights, to establish an action plan in response to the
existing trade barriers in third countries, to promote high-tech and ultra high-quality textiles and clothing, including via the EU's research and development programmes, and to guarantee lifelong learning
and vocational training and development. Before the vote on paragraph 31: The ten richest regions continue to differ from the ten poorest in much the same way. We are working together with President Prodi,
Commissioner Patten and Bodo Hombach to improve the coherence and efficiency of our activities in the region. We also differ in our landscapes. &#160;&#160; Mr President, the terrorist attack in Madrid was
an attack on all of us who believe in democracy. Thanks to the non-legislative resolution which was adopted by a huge majority, the European Parliament has sent a very clear signal to both the Commission
and oil companies, specifically for them to take the necessary measures to eliminate the current shortcomings in terms of safety standards and liability in the oil extraction industry. The Commission recognises
the logic and the opportunity of opening legislative debates with a statement from the rapporteurs. Mrs Weiler, once Parliament accepted Mr Crowley's amendment, it took the place of the original text. We
must not forget that about 5 000 women are murdered ever year by male members of their families for reasons of honour and that the perpetrators go unpunished. Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, Mr Morgan
has given us a masterly demonstration of the very important decisions and deadlines that the information society represents. There is no doubt about the fact that it is important for Iraq to change its
policy and that the existing arms must be monitored and decommissioned, but, in this regard, there is abundant documented evidence that the nuclear and chemical weapons have already been decommissioned. Ideologically
they are promoting capitalism as the only 'democratic system'. How, President Putin, are we to do this, however, when you are giving a show of strength to a small country like Georgia? (SK) Madam President,
honourable Members of Parliament and guests, it is indisputable that tax evasion causes significant disruption to competition and the functioning of the internal market, and reduces public revenues. That
is why it is also necessary to involve citizens, and that is to say Parliament, and I am therefore very prepared for cooperation with Parliament and with Parliament' s committees when it comes to the next
steps we are to take. The potential of growth of the European economic and its huge internal market should be better exploited. Every year since 1990, the world has seen at least 20 weather-related events
classified as major disasters, a figure which only occurred in three of the previous 20 years. It is, in particular, a snub to the tourism industry. The Commission accompanied the United Nations development
programme mission to Zimbabwe to examine the farm reforms and expressed its wish to support transparent and fair reforms predicated on the needs of the poorer sections of the population. Senior citizens
have special needs and society must undergo a change in order to satisfy such needs. In case these two safety measures fail us, we need to do more to protect our planes and avoid in-flight incidents. Further,
I shall do all in my power to provide the scheme with more of a Community spirit. It goes without saying that there must be some who have not yet got that far, or else we would not need to prescribe it
by law. It must help us to fashion a new culture of partnership and purpose, to use our common leverage to offer a real advance for the European project. I would point out that - as current President of
the EU and, at the same time, the person who took the initiative to arrange this conference - Prime Minister Persson has a unique opportunity and a special authority for getting even more countries than
those which Mr Danielsson has just mentioned to establish annual days of remembrance and perhaps to agree upon a common day of remembrance. This reform will improve the competitiveness of the EU sugar sector
by removing the artificial supports to production that have encouraged overproduction and dumping of subsidised EU sugar on world markets at prices often below the cost of production. I believe that any
removal of export subsidies would be a mistake entailing serious consequences and I call on my fellow Members to vote against this paragraph. &#160;&#160; – Mr President, I would like to thank Commissioner
Mandelson for the information he has given us and for the particular sensitivity which he has demonstrated over the last period on the major and serious problem of textiles. We cannot accept the idea that
European citizenship is all well and good as long as the citizens do not commit the sin of asking permission to speak. We will publish this material and bring it forward in the debate on the Swoboda report
later this week. After all, for years the Schengen area has been offering potential terrorists and criminals an ideal environment to carry out their criminal plans, often with impunity. Vice-President of
the Commission. - (FR) Minister, ladies and gentlemen, the European Union-United States 'justice, freedom and security' ministerial Troika, in which Mr Mate and Vice-President Frattini took part in March,
was an excellent opportunity to discuss certain important issues with our American counterparts. Greece has to accept that and then we will take a vote. The proper functioning and competitiveness of the
European market means the consumer is able to make use of the system of competition by choosing products, services and lower prices. We should admit that the internal market would not have succeeded were
it not for the initiatives displayed by the European Commission. That applies just as much to the social as to the environmental criteria. &#160;&#160; Mr President, Commissioner, circumstances are such
that we are speaking this evening about safety, the safety of our fellow citizens. Also, the European Parliament has ultimately been excluded from colegislation, examination and control of measures relating
to individual rights and anti-terrorist policies, thereby weakening its role on crucial issues. In return, the rapporteur expects Angola to observe the interinstitutional agreement on budgetary discipline
and to improve its budgetary procedure in connection with financing the expenditure arising from this fisheries agreement, which is extremely important as far as we are concerned. Implementation and decisions
on matters of detail will remain within the remit of the Member States. I have always believed in the need for Europe to equip itself with common and effective rules and instruments to overcome the financial
crisis and launch the economy anew. Therefore measures are to be introduced to tell an illegal immigrant even before his or her departure that the risk of drowning is all too high. Mr President, the Commission's
first objective must be to restore consumer confidence in beef, but it will never do that if documents keep emerging which cast doubt on the Commission's position. None of these questions, however key,
is addressed. Europe can provide this aid, and it must play its part in alleviating this terrible distress. Although the Court of Auditors has acknowledged that in general terms the financial report of the
European Communities is an honest representation of the financial situation at the end of December 2006, and that it did not find any flagrant inaccuracies concerning own funds and expenditure incurred,
it did find many errors both in sums recorded in accounts ledgers and in reports supplied by the Member States. It is persisting in its anti-grass roots policy of antagonism, privatisation and liberalisation
of the markets, which increases the profits made by big business and exacerbates the situation of the workers, understandably provoking them to react. I have these two items with me today. We have become
net importers of cereals. Reformulating the recovery plan for hake and lobster is another fundamental point which should be considered. The new agreements do not only offer advantages to the Baltic states,
for example with the Community's financial assistance and the opportunity to modernize their fisheries industry. True, government aid to industry often results in distortions of competition, delays with
the necessary structural adjustments, and the passing-on to healthy enterprises, through taxation, of the cost of unprofitable support for lame ducks. I look forward to hearing your comments. The parliamentary
group of the Communist Party of Greece is voting against the directive on the Community Air Traffic Controller Licence. The Treaty of Lisbon has laid the foundation for the new European citizens' initiative,
which had so far been lacking in the European Union's decision-making process. Very often, however, products coming from third countries do not meet these food safety standards. on behalf of the Verts/ALE
Group. - (DE) Mr Barroso, within the last week the Commission has set down limits based on a regulation that is always triggered whenever problems arise with radioactivity that affect food imports, in
this case from Japan. That would be more ecological and would be much more beneficial to the dairy farmers than what we are doing at present. We heard Mr Fischer, the great general of the European Union,
who is in command of the incursions in the Balkans, speaking about Turkey and the only thing he said was that in Helsinki Turkey should be upgraded to a preaccession state. However, we are all fully aware
of the fact that this issue can only be debated in a wider context, particularly in the light of the information received last night to the effect that President Bush has finally admitted that secret CIA
detention camps actually exist. The concept of reciprocity is very much applicable here, and it is useful to make a special mention of this in the report. That must be pointed out; we can accept as a temporary
measure you using a communication for a new dynamic but that is no substitute for a permanent relationship. I should like to mention once again the recent setting-up of a new permanent court. The strategy's
objectives can be achieved more easily through increasing the synergy between the research, development and innovation programmes, on the one hand, and the cohesion programmes, on the other. At the same
time, the development of the European railway system will contribute to compliance with European policies in the field of energy and tackling climate change. With visa liberalisation, we will be taking
a major step forward towards building confidence among the people and continuing with the urgent reforms still needed to bring them to fully-fledged membership. The costs of dual pricing as projected by
the trade associations will amount to over ECU 25, 000 million, a gigantic sum if their calculations are even half-way accurate. In order to prepare and implement new interventions in the name of combating
terrorism, of 'restoring democracy' and other pretexts, it promotes further militarisation, the completion of the formation of battle groups and the preparation of military occupying forces in Kosovo to
replace the NATO forces. They do not remain in force for no good reason, but because one of the objectives of the Economic and Monetary Union must continue to be budgetary stability as a condition for the
effectiveness of the extremely important political decision we took when launching the Economic and Monetary Union and, in particular, the creation of the single currency. Mandatory origin labelling of
meat, poultry, dairy products, fresh fruit and vegetables and processed products made from one ingredient, which is called for in the report on the provision of food information to consumers, puts an unreasonable
burden on food processing companies. I was hoping to highlight some of the everyday problems we encounter. &#160;&#160; Mr President, the EU’s shambolic liberalisation of the energy market has already resulted
in gross distortions. I can see that the Commission is not paying attention but I hope, all the same, that the question was heard. Within the framework of the EU too, the trend is now in the right direction. I
confirm that I will and I also confirm what I said in the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market some weeks ago, that I was involved in the work on the sales promotion directive. Unfortunately,
the way these measures are being applied is far from optimal: the penalties for an infringement are completely different in each Member State. Spain is causing problems in the association agreement with
Jordan over a few tons of tomatoes. We know that this is ambitious, but Croatia deserves to see justice at long last. We must respect our obligations to the original people. The environmental directives that
we are now debating, on PCBs, nitrates and habitats, are examples of this very problem. However, nature is not mute in this conflict. Would you perhaps like to repeat the question to someone from the Committee
on Agriculture? Let us remember his requirement in June 2001 that seven days should pass without violence before he would make any political concessions. It is important to note that Airbus has paid back
40% more than it has received from the European governments since 1992 and has actually repaid in excess of EUR 7 billion. I have voted against because I am opposed to the word 'voluntary' which appears
in the title. I also want to emphasise the need to exchange experience gained through tourism projects already put into practice, which offer an opportunity to learn from incorrect approaches used in unsuccessful
projects and to avoid similar errors in other European regions. draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Legal Affairs. - (DE) Mr President, marine pollution is only the focus of interest when there
has been a dramatic accident. Needless to say, I cannot be enthusiastic about the results of Berlin summit in terms of the common organisation of the markets in milk, beef and cereals. I wonder whether you
could confirm that flights are leaving from Strasbourg airport, or if there is any problem? Incidentally, Poland is currently planning a new nuclear power station. These technologies, however, have been
imported from the West. You also referred to the Commission possibly providing specific guidelines on this issue, should the need arise. We should have examined this one-off case rather than discuss a matter
here which is already something from the past. (DE) Madam President, the ruling by the Turkish Constitutional Court that prohibits the pro-Kurdish party for being in violation of the constitution is a clear
sign that Turkish domestic policy does not approximate to democracy as we Europeans understand it. My talks with the Church, the French Government, the Secretary-General of the United Nations, Kofi Annan,
and the families of the victims, led me to accept the quest for an agreement on the basis of negotiations held under the auspices of the United Nations, the release of all hostages, and the commitment
on the part of terrorists leaving prison not to return to offending, with effective guarantees, such as their residing in a country which respects the agreement. Allow me to ask a few questions: why is
there a desire to eliminate these cohesion funds in the future? A Green Paper came out more than three years ago. We will closely monitor this appointments policy, which must be open and decisive. But this
also illustrates that we need to estimate the absorption capacity of the countries bordering the Mediterranean more realistically. I hope that other groups, too, can see that this represents a serious infringement
of our citizens' freedoms. They do not let the adverts stop them from simply becoming independent. Following the introduction of the toll for heavy goods vehicles in Germany, plans to introduce a toll for
cars in the near future are also under consideration. Since the time allotted to Questions to the Commission has elapsed, Questions Nos 43 to 74 will be replied to in writing. 18 million unemployed and 50
million living in poverty provide a damning verdict on political leadership and government responsiveness in democracies which depend on political consent. Mr President, I had the honour of participating
in the meeting of the Committee on Fisheries when it voted, albeit by a very narrow margin, against renewing the fishing agreement with Guinea, precisely because of the massacres, rapes, and all the human
rights violations which have taken place and have yet to be investigated. We must accept a China that will rise with or without us. A tiny piece of difficult-to-read information, hidden on the back of the
product wrapper. I welcome the message that this report has managed to get across: the solution to the crisis is the assertion of the Union's status as a global player. Secondly, concerning the Kurdish issue,
there was considerable hope in 2007 that, following the accession of the Kurdish-nationalist party DTP, a solution would be found between the DTP and the AKP. Would it not be fairer to use the European
Fund for Refugees, as Spain proposed, and give it more financial resources than it has at the moment, in order to help the Member States receiving more refugees? We need to use and concentrate all our forces
and abilities. At the end of this month, the Commission is to publish its proposals for the EU's budget after 2014. This was brought home to us in Ireland very recently with the shooting dead of a brave
journalist who fearlessly investigated criminal wrongdoing. This reverse aid policy must be brought to an end. The only real solution to the problems in Israel, Palestine and the whole Middle East region,
is to bring the combatants together. The own-initiative report presented to us today, which has my complete support, enshrines the idea that artistic and cultural education, including education in the visual
image, is a fundamental element of the education system. It is necessary to pull all these strands together and to strike an appropriate balance. Finally, we have to go into this issue with our eyes open
about the likely cost. At best, this factor would mean that the renewable energy sector would be given an increase in its tax-funded EU and national subsidies. Funds are currently being channelled into large-scale
surveillance, the big fish, instead of those specific investigations, and I think that that really is a wrong choice. Reference was made repeatedly to both New York and Porto Alegre. Regarding the commitment
on the EU side, we have made a political commitment and we will deliver. I also noted that you consider it appropriate to provide a reserve in the agricultural budget. I would therefore urgently call on
the Commission to closely monitor the application of this derogation and to submit a report to Parliament in a timely manner on the impact on Papua New Guinea's development and on the European canning
industry. When an effort is occasionally made it is usually far too little and absolutely too late. It is through working together at EU and international level that we can do something important for children,
who must be protected from such crimes. African states' refusal to take the initiative on Zimbabwe means that it is even more critical that EU sanctions against the ZANU-PF regime be strengthened. The latter
is particularly welcome. This is tantamount to the systematic dismantling of amateur sport, even at school level. With this in mind, the Commission is of the opinion that all the Non-Proliferation Treaty
rights and obligations must be reviewed without exception since the Treaty is the cornerstone of the international non-proliferation mechanism. That runs through the report. There is a second phenomenon
which worries me even more - and that is the challenge to the rule of law community which our Union is and must remain. The current long-term budget, which is valid until 2014, was, in fact, determined
in 2005. Please could you take suitable action here. Yes, Mrs Doyle, I do think that we have respected the confidence pact. Fibromyalgia and chronic fatigue syndrome are not the only diseases that mostly
affect women. In an amusing article, an Italian journalist wrote: 'I thought I had bought a little telephone, but found myself with a tamagochi, that Japanese toy that needs looking after like a baby. The
Commissioner has surprised me by going as far as he has done and I very much welcome the response that he has given. Only this sort of coregulation can fully serve to speed up the development of the European
internal market, and, ultimately, guarantee that consumers actually do benefit from legislation projects and the adoption of the euro. As the first Vice-Chairman of the European Parliament's delegation
to these three countries, I am concerned about this development. Several speakers have mentioned enlargement of the Union. Immediately afterwards, however, I recognized that no majority of delegations existed
in the Council to reject the Commission's proposal, so on the basis of the rules of procedure which apply in this case, the proposal will be adopted by the Commission under its own responsibility. It is
a tool for assisting development but, first and foremost, it provides assistance to those who cannot help themselves. Now, the danger for EMU is certain. This proposal is an attempt to tackle the lack of
information about horse mackerel stocks by establishing a formula for vessels involved in the horse mackerel fishery, taking into account an annual ceiling of maximum allowable landings and catches of
horse mackerel from defined areas. I will end, Mr President, by thanking all those people who have been in this House during my three terms of office: Members of Parliament, officials and colleagues from
the groups and other Members, representatives of the Council and the Commission, and all the authorities with which I have had the opportunity to work. On the other hand, if we provide development aid we
should also expect cooperation. Whatever one thinks of their opinions, it is extremely serious that, in the European Union today, citizens, and lawyers to boot, should be given such sentences for having
disputed an historic fact. In this report, Parliament also calls for the introduction of a 'European guarantee for youth', which would give each young person in the EU the right to be offered a job, an
apprenticeship, a supplementary training course or a job combined with a training course if that young person has been unemployed for four months. The first is demographic change, partly the result of social
achievements and their success; the second is the changes in the structure and forms of employment, partly as a result of the application of the IT revolution to manufacturing and the processes of globalization. I
am confident that the strong revival in transatlantic relations, achieved during the visit of President Bush, can continue during this summit and that we can achieve solid results which will place the
future of these transatlantic relations, a vital pillar for the European Union, on a sounder footing. Teams of experts and other materials have already arrived in the United States. The placing of biocidal
products on the market - New biocides revision proposal (debate) Ladies and gentlemen, in 2006 the European Union devoted 39% of its budget, EUR 38.9 billion in all, to structural spending. And we also take
up the case of a person who is mentally ill, who was about to be executed and who has been spared. The investment indicators are good (plus 8 % for 1996). The next item is the continuation of the debate
on the declaration of the Council regarding the situation in East Timor. Slash and burn the living standards of working people; slash and burn public services. The EU can and must speak out. This resolution
still allows the positions of those we seek to condemn to be strengthened as a result of this manipulation and victimisation, and I regard this as foolish. There are changes on the labour market, technological
changes in society, demographic changes, ethnic diversity, changes in the make-up of households and the redefinition of the roles of men and women. I do not know why progress with the Member States is so
slow. That notwithstanding, whereas Mr Novelli made a few critical comments from his standpoint, I do so, of course, from my own, for any agreement on the details does not indeed prevent us from having
outlooks that differ overall. It drives salaries down, causes unemployment among adults and prevents children from receiving an education. The amendments are along these lines, and it is therefore the amended
form of this text that will receive my vote in favour. As you know, Europe is the leading power in terms of trade. The postponement of Lithuania’s entry is an insensitive decision. (DE) Mr President, I would
like to use this opportunity to highlight two crucial points in both these reports. In parallel, there is a pressing need to strengthen economic governance in Europe. I would have loved to have voted in
favour of this, if only the European institutions were doing something useful in sport. In addition to this, we should support the Elders Group, so that its members can obtain permission to enter Zimbabwe. There
is an unfortunate misprint in the joint motion for a resolution, which says that it was tabled on behalf of the ELDR Group by Messrs Bertens, Fassa and Cunha, whereas the last two went over to the PPE
Group a considerable time ago. Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to make two requests for the Council and the Commission to take with them as they leave for Amsterdam. It is only half
finished. I would also like to thank him for his presentation today and for not forgetting to mention health workers who may be among those most affected. Leaving aside our differences in approach, I would
like to point out that better upstream consultation of Parliament would have made it easier for us to understand the strategy being pursued. The past has shown, however, how meaningful programmes under
European regional policy can make an important contribution to creating similar living conditions. So I propose to begin by examining the main dossiers on which progress has been made during these six months,
which the European Council will ratify or close. We want to find a good solution to this problem. Since then, the Commission has done little. I believe this communication from the Commission, together with
the directives which already exist, is quite sufficient. It is a European nation, yet European standards and our fundamental values are still not fully adhered to by all levels of society. At the request
of Mr Cox, I should like to welcome Mr Dedaj, chairman of the Liberal Party of Kosovo and Vice-President of the Kosovo Parliament, who is present with us in the official gallery. There can be no doubt that
this country, if it were to launch a war of aggression, would suffer dreadful destructive reprisals from Israel and the United States immediately. Yet are the funds which, as far as I know, amount to only
1.5% of Union spending, sufficient? The fact that the Basque newspaper Egunkaria has been banned for six months makes one wonder whether the Basque country is still within a country where the Rule of Law
prevails. We thought that the Commission was rather reserved in this respect. The final report that Mr Berlusconi gave here for three-quarters of an hour – 82 points ‘with one exception’, which must be the
success of the IGC – is a clumsy way of giving us an extra dose of misery. Credit card organizations act in a similar way. On the other hand, we want to take account of the regional situation and drive development
forward here. The constructive relations that we shall be able to develop with our neighbours in fact represent the only prospect for creating peace and security around our borders. And we have already forgotten
this, since, at the last session, we adopted an association agreement with Egypt, without batting an eyelid, disregarding the warnings and requests for additional information on a number of serious human
rights violations, which have also been voiced today. Such interests are registered in the written declaration of Members' interests, so they are there for the public to see; that declaration will also
soon be on the Internet following the vote in the Committee on Constitutional Affairs last week. The extent and the deeper causes of the global financial and economic crisis prove that global macroeconomic
management of the financial markets and the legal frameworks which apply to it need to be revised - at national level, in the EU and worldwide. I shall report it at the Bureau meeting this afternoon, and
I shall urge that we issue an appropriate statement clarifying the situation and clearing up any misunderstandings. In many Member States, the national parliaments have double the democratic legitimacy
of the European Parliament. Unfortunately, this was not reflected in the Vienna documents. Some of them have received substantial financial aid to set up in regions such as Aveiro, Coimbra and Leiria, and
to that end signed contracts with local authorities committing them to maintain activity there for a certain number of years. It is subordinating cohesion policy to the Lisbon strategy. It started work this
year and many had high expectations of it. It will not be a surprise to you that the Commission cannot agree to the proposed change to a directive, for the following reasons. In this context I would like
to stress that I am supported by my colleagues in the GUE/NGL Group and I also draw on my own experience as a military expert; but most importantly I am supported by the majority of citizens in my country,
where 70% of the population are against the installation of the American radar system. Madam President, the European Parliament should also take action to adapt not only the individual legislations of Member
States but also the functions of the investigative bodies. This claim is not backed up either by statistics or references to scientific studies. It is extremely hard for European citizens in the 27 Member
States to withstand and understand the austerity measures imposed on them if they do not understand the value and importance of the internal market. That goes for agriculture as well, and I am grateful
to Mr Färm for taking up the essentials of the suggestions that the agricultural sector has made to him. At the present time, these are totally monopolized by the executive powers. Mr President, Mr Commissioner,
ladies and gentlemen, there are not many of you left. Mr President, religious freedom is a fundamental human right and, as a previous speaker said, the Chinese Constitution claims, at Article 36, to allow
for freedom of religious belief, yet the rhetoric is not the reality. Gifts from firms and interest groups are not compatible with positions of public trust. First of all, can we apply our prices policy? And
who better to consult on issues such as trade union rights in multinational businesses than the unions in which millions of our working people participate? There is a political issue here, since the media
are currently highlighting a suspicious case regarding humanitarian aid and irregularities in that field. It is therefore vital that Community structural fund aid continues in these regions after 1999,
when the present programme ends. I would like to inform you - and I am talking about facts here, not dreams - that we have already asked the Council, as you are well aware, for this is not something new. I
have heard that a committee of the European Parliament has once again visited Moscow. This will give an opportunity for cooperation between different programmes. To end, I would like to say that our Group
supports the 19 amendments and the legislative text, but asks that we do not proceed to a second reading, but that this regulation be approved within the time limits laid down. So I believe ambition is
needed. Therefore, we are not here to demonise antibiotic use in animal husbandry, but we want to ask the Commission to provide a concrete response for the more efficient and effective use of antibiotics,
in order to reduce resistance in animals. I should therefore like to propose, in paragraph 7 of the resolution due to be adopted tomorrow, a wording which reflects the current state of the project. If you
are familiar with the fact, Mr President, that the current President Khatami was the Minister of Culture nine years ago and the fatwa against Rushdie came under his responsibility, then one has to seriously
question the call this same Khatami now makes as President for dialogue and relaxation in the sphere of culture. The administration of structural policy warrants a thorough re-evaluation when the new regulations
are drafted. Such a mode of punishment is inhuman. If the measures plan becomes a compulsory element of competitions in different development sectors and certain regions, this would contribute greatly to
ensuring and encouraging equal opportunities for disadvantaged social groups and those that are falling behind. He has seen this difficult dossier, which involved an extremely difficult fight in the Council,
through two institutions and the Conciliation Committee, and that is most important. If we are too over-protective, we will retain our old industries and miss out on the change and renewal that we need
because we do not dare to take new decisions. When the work of the police and customs has been completed, it is time for the prosecution services, the lawyers and the courts to play their part and the differences
in criminal law in the various Member States then become relevant. In practice, it reinforces the transparency of decisions in environmental matters directly affecting citizens and the latter’s chances
of actually even influencing these decisions. Historians will point to the role of the European Union in offering support and guidance and comfort to these countries so that civil war did not follow on
a widespread basis. Thank you, Mr Lannoye. The main reason why they do so is that the old directive is unworkable and, in environmental terms, pre-historic. What I regret is that the attempt to reflect this
same idea in the final recommendations has failed. In 2010, they account for EUR 39 billion in commitments, and approximately EUR 31 billion in payments. We know what we want. Last, but not least, accounting
and management systems are being interconnected between headquarters and the delegations concerned. For a moment, allow me to deviate from the protocol for the sake of a historic reference. What does the
European Union intend to do to ensure that the community draws more attention to this bullying? Therefore, I urge colleagues to give a strong vote to this report in the plenary tomorrow. The fall in world
cocoa prices risks being catastrophic for many of them. My chief concern - and I wonder if at some stage we will get an answer from the Commission - is how the new arrangements which the President of the
Commission has announced for food safety and the monitoring of food safety will relate to other parts and other agencies within the European Community? Without doubt, this proposal sets specific objectives,
together with procedures and dates for achieving them. Mr President, it is a fact that, if every SME created one extra job, unemployment would finish in Europe. Europe is lagging behind somewhat: it should
pass on this message! The Commission acted in full compliance with EC competition rules and to the benefit of English consumers. The basic prerequisite of the common agricultural policy is a respect for
the principle of subsidiarity. Mrs Vergiat of the Confederal Group of the European United Left - Nordic Green Left; and Mrs Weber of the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe. - the
oral question to the Commission on forced prostitution in the context of world sports events, by Anna Záborská, on behalf of the Committee on Women’s Rights and Gender Equality (O-0006/2006 B6-0008/2006), In
addition, I believe the fact that the appropriate Spanish authority - namely the governmental authorities - referred this case to me is a most encouraging step towards a very positive outcome to this matter. I
am grateful for all the comments made regarding the speed of enlargement, the Copenhagen criteria and everything else. I do not understand how the Commission can be so reticent, particularly with regard
to the media, a sector in which we certainly need the associations and their support in order to combat all forms of discrimination. I was pleased with aspects of the deal, the compromise over nuclear power
for example was as good as we could get. A new agreement has been reached with the ACP countries. Unfortunately, this momentum in relations between the Russian Federation and the EU has come up against a
counter force - cue Chechnya, which has seriously hampered relations. For all these aspects, the Council has strived to present a position which is clear and easy to communicate. It is important to remember
this, and sometimes I think the consumer side is not getting as much attention as is necessary. I therefore call upon the Commission to present a proposal implementing Article 13 outside the workplace as
well, and, at last, to force the States which are not yet applying it to do so. Recently, the European Community signed the protocols on soil protection, energy and tourism, and they now need to be ratified. Above
all, I am concerned about what we are doing now. But I believe that the European Union should also look into the support which the Member States could provide to help get rid of old vehicles on the road
which are severe pollutants. One of the aims of this plan is to create a single market which will benefit all citizens. We cannot have passport swaps. Madam President, it was quite depressing to listen to
the representative of the Council, given that she appears to believe that the Middle East conflict is being played out between equal parties whom we ought to treat equally, adopting a policy of equidistance. One
of the possibilities is, as my report suggests, to have contact points which are readily identifiable in the different nation states. We call upon the Commission to bring the case of forced labour in Burma
to the attention of the World Trade Organisation, pointing out that, in the Singapore Declaration, the WTO stated that the ILO is the competent body to deal with matters of respect for labour law. Before
the end of the year, we are to present a Green Paper describing a system for trade in emission rights (one of the flexible mechanisms). We must redouble our efforts to train our forces, not just in security
matters but also in being accountable to the people. I can simply confirm that, as soon as we became aware of signs of possible fraud, we ordered a detailed audit and communicated the information assembled
during this audit to both Olaf, the monitoring body with which you are familiar, and to the Lesotho legal institutions. At the same time, we also need the commitment of the international community to get
down to business and build a lasting peace for that lovely island. That appreciation must also be reflected in pay and working conditions. I voted in favour of this resolution because the United Nations
Human Rights Council plays a very important role throughout the world in addressing issues relating to human rights. Several Member States have dealt advantageously with this and are now in a better position. However,
what I do not agree with is the length of the withdrawal period, which is now 30 days in the committee's report. Only small and medium-sized firms can realistically make a contribution to improving employment
levels in Europe and it would make a mockery of the summit to concentrate on other sectors and overlook this one. These should not be carried out on young women under the age of 18. But in today's world
I would like to see the European Union set up a full department concerned with peace and conflict resolution in the European Commission, with its own Commissioner. That is, of course, in so far as collective
bargaining exists, is effective and guarantees a regulatory foundation that can combine the requirements of flexibility and the specific organisation of working hours by sector with those of health and
safety, which must be protected at all costs. What other practical measures will it take to put a stop to ethnic cleansing? The effect of regulations that have been written down in multiple pointlessly duplicated
documents definitely depends on the effective implementation of the law in individual Member States. Faced with the WTO rulings, and after having exhausted all other means of recourse, the Union has in
fact decided to bring the COM in bananas into line with the rules of international trade. I hope that the Commission will be able to deliver on its promise to ensure that Ireland is designated as an 'Objective
1 region in transition' . This is why it is essential that this European Parliament, in which we discuss all kinds of civil affairs with each other all the time, be the place where the military components
form part of a wider context in parliamentary supervision too. Many of them do not receive an appropriate pension for this socially valuable work during their active life and this exposes them to a greater
risk of poverty. I must make it clear at the outset that I do not wish to anticipate the outcome of the discussions. We should highlight the positive effect of this proposal, which promotes debate on a crucial
subject, with the ultimate aim of combating falsified medicinal products. How are the different EU institutions in Kosovo, for example, of which there are now large numbers, working together? Mr President,
the subject of safety at sea has been on the agenda repeatedly over the last few years, following the various serious accidents that have occurred. But trading permits seem to work. Although there is this
disagreement, I should stress that all three institutions agree on the content and that every effort is being made to find a common approach to this particularly important and sensitive question which
concerns an exceptionally large number of working doctors throughout Europe. But this does not justify the European Parliament behaving like a kangaroo court without any hearing or any further investigation. This
institution is totally wrong and disgraced in accepting the unacceptable: lynching one of its members by flouting all the legal principles and legal protections relating to parliamentary immunity that
are currently in force. By contrast, certain unjustified stereotypes are still directed at women in senior posts. When the 1997 budget was drawn up an ECU 1 billion cutback was made to the Commission preliminary
draft in the headings relating to Structural Fund payment appropriations. For that reason, I would like to make three points. Nor will there be a European code of good conduct for companies. However, we have
little room for manoeuvre if - as we have cause to fear, given the latest line proposed - all our priorities are adjusted in accordance with the European Commission's shortcomings in implementing policy. The
Community contribution, which was agreed at EUR 308 million for the next Financial Perspective, is intended to act as a catalyst to draw forth resources from the private sector. Finally, we may have to
wait for a new phase of European integration to begin in order to introduce certain supplementary provisions. I am very glad that we have found a solution for that. I believe that all the countries of the
Union must comply with this Directive, and it must oblige the Member States equally: we must not allow each Member State to apply it differently. It is also important to mention minority rights, the rule
of law and the still frequent use of the death penalty. I congratulate the three on the results they have achieved, and you, Mr President, on being elected to preside over this Chamber. She united the committee
at the end of the final vote, with the exception of two abstentions and Mr Cassidy voting against the overall committee decision. Furthermore, maternity leave must be guaranteed for all women. We should
change our mindset and see our contribution to developing countries as investment in the broadest sense of the word. My group sees the value of social security, not just to assist the sustainability of
income, but as a measure of social inclusion as well. Look at developments on the markets'. But the guiding principle must be protection of the environment and the health of our citizens, who can only make
their voices heard through their representatives in the only democratically elected Community institution. In fact, according to the Treaty, it means that the citizens of each Member State may in principle
move or reside in the territory of other Member States, but it does not mean that the States of residence have no right of control or right of justified refusal. For the time being, however, the proposal
for a recommendation in question is an official document of the European Parliament, which is in unrestricted circulation within the European Parliament, and I cannot accept, either, that Mrs Oomen-Ruijten
should caricature the position of those who have signed that proposal for a recommendation, by saying that we wanted to establish a liberal position that would allow drug users to have a free choice among
all the drugs available. Every nation has a great deal to gain from sharing the experiences of each Member State in this field, by comparing methodologies and strategies, albeit duly framed within the context
of each region. There was no point in discussing it. The Parish report, with which I broadly agree, despite its lack of coherence, does not focus on the necessary changes to policy. Not all documents are
printed exclusively on paper anymore. This could have been an historic moment for the European Parliament. However, I think that that truly guaranteeing an income in both this COM and this sector that could
pay for the non-food services that this type of livestock farming provides throughout the Community would send an important political signal. We must also be very vigilant against attempts to outflank the
Lomé process and deprive it, little by little, of its content: ever-increasing concessions granted to non-ACP banana producers; a challenge to the status of cocoa in Europe by various food industry combines;
the perverse effects of trade preferences granted for strategic reasons to drug-producing regions. These teams will provide various types of specialist expertise in areas such as the investigation of crimes
and the control of sexual violence. Finally, there is one more point I should like to make about common foreign and security policy. Mr Verheugen said in the interview: "One of the almost tragic developments
of the past few years has been that Parliament has found itself unanimous in only one respect, namely in opposing the Commission." I give the floor to Mrs Green. It also urges the authorities of Bahrain,
Syria and Yemen to refrain from the use of violence against protestors and to respect their right to freedom of assembly and expression; condemns the interference by the authorities in Bahrain and Yemen
in the provision of medical treatment and the denial and limiting of access to health facilities; stresses that those responsible for the loss of life and injuries caused should be held accountable and
brought to justice; and calls on the authorities to immediately release all political prisoners, human rights defenders and journalists and all those detained in relation to their peaceful activities in
the context of the protests. For example, in the environmental field, we have a White Paper on civil liability in environmental matters. We hope that you will too. This would subvert the convention and it
would be an insult to this Parliament. I ask that the list of speakers be amended to enable my colleague to be given the floor after me, and to be followed by speakers from the groups. I believe that, as
Mr Brittan put it so well this afternoon, the United States, flaunting its obvious irresponsibility, has placed itself above the law. Both in Rwanda and Kosovo, the UN, despite the many warnings, appeared
to be overtaken by events and stood by as a helpless observer of the massacres, as President Havel pointed out this afternoon. The report, and your proposal for the Innovation Union, generate expectations. We
take the view that any further increase over and above what was proposed in the Common Position would restrict the scope of the directive, which is, after all, aimed at producing greater transparency and
more fairness in invitations to tender. &#160;&#160; Mr&#160;President, the chairman has already spoken about the adequacy of the responses given by the Commission. It must create a basis on which all citizens
- and all regions, as has been pointed out - can have access to this new network and to these new opportunities which are developing at present. I, for my part, believe that we have the legal basis for
participation. The demographic problem threatens the stability of the European economy, the European social model, as well as the solidarity between generations. In other words, the public must use all the
regulations in the most effective way possible, even if they are incomplete and also lead to disparities. This latter Regulation, which established a framework for the observation, assessment and monitoring
of damage to European forests, provided for a network of observation points, carrying out a periodic inventory of damage and publishing an annual report, as well as an additional network for the monitoring
and control of the pilot demonstration projects. In trying to defend an untenable position the Commission has shamelessly sought to gag its own scientific advisers. However, for ourselves today, we face
the question of how to ensure that the European Union will be a player on the world stage, how to handle the questions of AIDS in Africa, how to contribute towards peacekeeping, and how to ensure that
the Union has a presence in the world. It is for this reason that I support the payment services report by Mr Gauzès. Well then, I am frankly disappointed by the presence, with all due respect to her, of
the Belgian Deputy Prime Minister, Mrs Durant, whose remit is transport, not war, and though she will, I am sure, have a dramatic speech from the Presidency to read out to us. They are all interesting in
their own way, but most interesting of all is the consumer, in my opinion. The river I am speaking of is not a sewer, Mr President, but a Natura 2000 site, a genuine river wetland. To this we should add
the interest expressed by countries such as China, India, Brazil and other third countries in participating in this project. As honourable Members are aware, special space is to be reserved on the card
with a view to the possible introduction in the future of a microchip or similar computer device. One example is the proposal for socially sensitive restructuring in the business sector, which describes
the role of the Commission, the European Parliament, the social agencies, the social partners, governments and civil society. Best practice in a selected number of SME policy areas will be presented at
the annual Charter conference in Vienna on 13&#160;and 14&#160;June&#160;2006. Frontex also initiated new initiatives to analyse its measures, including their impact, and to improve the transparency and
objectivity of staff selection. The proposal helps to accelerate the rate of response by allowing for advance payments, and it contains simpler criteria for an activation of the Fund in less time. Since
March 2004, the debate on passengers’ rights has made much progress within our institutions. The European Commission has been imaginative in imposing a three-year government programme and a preferred government
on a country three weeks before an election. (RO) One of the areas of action specified by the Beijing Platform for Action in 1995 was aimed at combating violence against women. At least you are wearing the
right colours for this morning – red and white, just like me. These questions relate to the next United Nations Conference to assess and review the programme of action on small arms and light weapons that
will take place in New York from 26&#160;June to 7&#160;July, and the position that the European Union will take at that conference. Mr President, Commissioner Bolkestein, ladies and gentlemen, I am happy
to announce our group' s support for the reports by Mr Katiforis and Mrs Kauppi, whose proposals are a significant step forward in the creation of a single market in financial services, in accordance with
the Commission' s proposals contained in the action plan on financial services. I believe that we now have an excellent opportunity for the Fifteen to decide a number of basic principles on this subject
which consequently must also be accepted by newcomers. Congratulations, rapporteur; my only regret is that you do not belong to my political group. Mr President, on behalf of my colleague, Mr McCreevy, who
could not be here tonight, I should like to thank Mrs Kauppi, who has been an outstanding rapporteur in terms of her mastery of this difficult and highly technical subject and her willingness to work constructively
with the Commission and all parties. The European Union must also demand that the regime put an end to the climate of impunity, that applies to all those who are guilty of torture, forced labour, deportations
or unlawful executions. I believe that the Belgian Presidency will be able to use all the mechanisms provided for in the treaty to reach a compromise, since I believe it is essential for the new supervisory
architecture to be ready for the start of next year, so that we may fulfil our obligations not only to ourselves, but also to our main partners within the framework of the G20. rapporteur. - Mr President,
I am delighted to be able to open our debate today on my report about emissions from light commercial vehicles (LCVs). A first consideration, before presenting any resolution, should be whether such a text
would receive sufficient support to be adopted by the General Assembly. I repeat: it has never been our intention to attribute an institutional or constitutional role to consultations with civil society,
even though we are concerned to understand what is happening within that society, and thus to keep our eyes open and ears tuned, ever alert to whatever is happening. It is equally important for the European
Union to assume its share of the very heavy political responsibility for tolerating the causes of serious climate changes over recent decades. Either governmental bodies have failed to implement at all
or failed to implement properly reforms that had already been decided on, or – as happened recently – such reforms have been withdrawn by parliamentary decisions. Commissioner, we are really witnessing
a small miracle here: a Regulation that has to be approved by the Council unanimously in codecision with Parliament, the procedure of which is completed within the space of one reading. With this expression
of solidarity, in addition to the political decisions which we will be taking in the coming weeks, the people of the European Union wish to express their deep sympathy with the grief, and particularly
the pain, which is affecting the American people today. We do not have any common weapons manufacturing capability. I also believe it is important for us to have a proper map of European seaports, for the
public did not understand why we had a map showing airports, railway lines and roads, without any indication of seaports. It is important that a system of salaries and expenses for MEPs should be as transparent
as possible. To return, finally, to Mr De Rossa’s article, it is noted that Finland and Sweden also contest the listing of two allowances. The European Parliament cannot pretend to be immune from this. We
must be aware that the difficult financial situation of this region is causing these and not other actions. There was ground congestion and new infrastructure was very expensive, but anything was still
possible in the air. Do not undermine the European Union's credibility and good faith. Secondly, like you, I was in Belgrade last week, and as you have said, the longer the decision-making process takes,
the more destabilising the effect on Serbia will be. It is about their way of life, the only one possible in many areas. We need to convince people that the work of the Ombudsman is not just important, it
is crucial to the proper integration of the European Union. Until that message is received we will keep pumping more taxpayers' money into forcing people to the polling box in the pretence that you actually
persuade them to change their minds. We would have preferred one single, centralised first and second instance jurisdiction, which would have ensured greater uniformity of interpretation. The INDECT system
is intended to identify threats by means of monitoring, including, in particular, pornography, arms trading and trafficking in drugs and human organs, and it is also intended to protect data and privacy. &#160;&#160;
. – I refused to take part in the vote on the Breyer report which, taking as its basis the necessary promotion of women in all areas of the economy, has become a hotchpotch of ideas that mixes up the best
and, above all, the worst. In particular, we are focusing on an aspect that came to the forefront following the terrible accidents in the Alps in 1999 and 2001. If the EU is prepared to commit to a rapid
reform of the rules of origin - and this is something which the Commissioner confirmed in a different debate a moment ago - then this could well mean that we can make some headway in this respect. Or what
about the women and girls who are forced, by their environment, and particularly by members of their family, to suffer sexual mutilation? These communications are: firstly, the EU's freight transport agenda,
boosting the efficiency, integration and sustainability of freight transport in Europe; secondly, the action plan for freight transport logistics; thirdly, towards a rail network giving priority to freight;
and fourthly, the multiannual contract for rail infrastructure quality. What is also extremely important is that we have made the possession of pornographic material a criminal offence, subject of course
to safety valves which ensure that people who receive material unwittingly, for example by electronic or conventional mail, need not fear prosecution. The ball is in the Ministers' court and we hope that
they decide that there is that will. I think that the SEPA would be a good instrument here. On the other hand, the Palestinian Authority must focus its attention on monitoring the extremist factions that
are also opposed to the peace process, especially in relation to the control and prevention of terrorism, which, sadly, has been so prominent in recent years. From now on, self-employed women and the spouses
and de facto partners of self-employed workers have the right to maternity pay, identical in duration and remuneration to that of salaried workers. Even scientists have so far avoided committing themselves
on this point. I know that in Austria, many Bosnian refugees have found housing, work, and integration into society, and that is also another reason why they do not want to go back home. It is, of course,
necessary to respect the right of Member States to decide how to use their own territory, but I voted against. Another short-term instrument is without doubt the storage of gas reserves to bridge the gap
when supplies are interrupted for up to two months, although account will need to be taken of specific national requirements, such as whether to use geological voids, power stations or industrial premises
for storage purposes. We also recommended setting up a multilateral framework for the Eastern Partnership with four thematic cooperation platforms: firstly, democracy and governance stability; secondly,
economic integration and convergence with EU policies; thirdly, energy security and, fourthly, contacts between people. I was disappointed only from one point of view. The first obstacle we need to negotiate
is the mutual recognition of supervisory rules. We also regret that part of Parliament has still not understood the stupidity of the least cost argument, with regard to the risk of accidents with uninsurable
costs, with regard to the unresolved risks involved in disposal of nuclear waste, and with regard to the unsolved problems of safety in routine operation. The developing countries account for 70% of growth
in energy consumption, and China alone represents 30% of that growth. If we want people to approve of our policies, we have to act in accordance with them. Accession might well take a long time, certainly
into the next century. This all confirms the urgent need to put in place security plans to ensure future crises can be dealt with a minimum guarantee of success. Cancún learned lessons from Copenhagen, and
I think that is the first, very interesting, conclusion. Almost a third of the European Social Fund's allocation of EUR 21.7 billion for the present programming period goes to measures to improve access
to employment. The phenomenon of illegal immigration is not confined to one part of the world. So, if the statistics and facts justify EU action, I am sure the Commissioner will agree that he will have to
take that action and send a very strong signal to China. That is the profound challenge as far as employment is concerned. I should stress that the Council will strive to speak with one voice. (RO) Mr President,
I would first of all like to congratulate my colleague, Michael Gahler, for the excellent report he presented. It sometimes means having to compress work intended to take five years into four years in practice. This
though is an area that has really only been touched on; it is one that deserves more attention. We might also support measures that really had the effect of "increasing economic efficiency as well as competitiveness"
in the European defence market. It is my conviction that GMOs used in laboratories and not released into the environment represent no danger to biodiversity or to human health, and should therefore be excluded
from the notification procedure. We do not believe it will, however, because the 35% given leave room for manoeuvre. The development of the Capital of Culture programme as part of the European Union's new
culture framework programme is a very important and prominent area of common cultural activity, as it inspires and underlines the diverse nature of European cultures. We look forward to seeing whether the
promises made by the Commissioner responsible for agriculture in this field can be fulfilled in the short term. With thrift and hard work you can build a palace. Funding schemes such as INTERREG, PHARE and
others are a clear expression of this ideology. If other Member States have too many boats to fish their own traditional fishing waters they should address this issue themselves - and not depend upon the
EU to find more waters for them to plunder. I returned to the matter on Thursday. In view of the fact that work should begin on the mid-term review of the Financial Perspective this year, it would be important
to hear the Slovenian Presidency's thoughts about possible EU budget priorities within the context of the mid-term review. Agreement has been reached today, and in this I rejoice. Member States will exchange
information from criminal records, Europol and Eurojust will be better informed by Member States concerning terrorist offences and there will be closer cooperation with selected third countries. It was
right that we moved the debate on to the end of the marketing of products tested on animals within the European Union. Mr President, I shall endeavour to confine my comments to one point which I feel is
important and which has to do with the facility to use animal testing to check certain products where there is no alternative method available. For this reason Member States need the freedom to decide how
they will support the handicapped and the freedom to decide which rules they will apply. The inclusion of the human rights clause and the implementation of social and environmental standards in trade negotiations
are complex issues that are dividing the international community. It would be greatly to the credit of the Commission, and indeed also of this House, if we were once and for all to admit this and make the
right choices. The way the current Treaty is phrased, the reasonable public expectation for sound financial management has been undermined - automatically and almost inevitably - every year since the Maastricht
Treaty entered into force. The next item is the report (A4-0490/98) by Mr Garosci, on behalf of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy, on Since then, our relations with the
Commission have been courteous, frank and cooperative. This is why the placing of signs with information at the relevant locations – although labour-intensive in terms of maintenance – is the best solution,
because it will reach the highest number of bathers. I should like him to confirm this. Finally, I want to make the point that this issue is not the same as the issue of violence between strangers. Agreement
must be reached on the meaning of economic governance. In fact, when people started moving after the peace agreement had been signed, we saw an unfortunate increase in the number of accidents due to landmines
- a terrible consequence. Consequently, Commissioner, my question is: have you taken account of the resolution passed by the European Parliament's plenary a few weeks ago on combating this situation? Tonight
we should reflect on that. We must not forget that there are now 25 of us, rather than 15. rapporteur. - (PT) Mr President, Mr Vice-President of the Commission, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, ladies
and gentlemen, the Schengen area is one of the greatest successes in the history of European integration. Innovation needs to be something that runs through every area of policy. Such a situation is totally
unsustainable. In Karelia and other parts of Russia bordering on the Union, the situation of children and the elderly in particular has been extremely difficult throughout the winter. They are also asked
to build up effective financial control and audit procedures in order to effectively control the use of the pre-accession funds. The Internet has no borders, so if we have different online gambling rules
and provisions, it will be like the climate change problem; much talk and, sadly, few results. The Commission has also asked the French authorities to provide an initial assessment of the decree on providers
of services, and this should arrive during the next few weeks. Would it not be more logical to make it this summer? in writing. - (SV) We Swedish Social Democrats believe first and foremost that taxation
policy should be a national matter. My report is not anti-American: a viable European defence industry would be better placed to cooperate, as well as compete, with the Americans. Therefore, we are determined
to use the TEC to find solutions to questions that have remained open for years - some of them for 10, 15 or even 20 years - and which represent significant barriers to transatlantic trade. Finally, I would
like to use the opportunity of this debate on acts of God and earthquakes to mention that the European Union must at last give substantial financial backing to international cooperation for research into
systems and methods to forecast, predict and give advance warning of earthquakes. The European Public Prosecutor proposed here has to do with the protection of Community interests in the financial sphere,
whereas Eurojust deals with other types of serious crime. Mr President, how well I remember the declaration of the Lisbon Agenda in this very Chamber. I would never have expected a British Member of this
Parliament to question that great institution that is the British Parliament. Everything else is covered by the concept of food safety. How do you propose to find a fair solution to the problem of state
aid in the accession countries? Sixty per cent of the population are young people and 50% of them have no work. The report states, among other things, that the objective must be to establish EU global leadership
in ICT infrastructure and that 100% coverage must be delivered to all Europeans, giving at least 2 Mbps service to all users in rural areas. I hope these proposals will be interpreted not as a sign of peevish
radicalism but, quite simply, as evidence of our concern to improve the health of Europe's citizens. (The sitting was suspended at 10 a.m. and resumed at 11 a.m.) Firstly, I should like to comment on the
issue of a community based on law and one based on values. The second is that, if the study demonstrates that these substances have no allergenic effect, they will continue to be exempted from the labelling
requirement. First of all, a heavy responsibility lies on the government and opposition to seek a compromise and consensus for further reforms. This is certainly not something you did not already know. The
amendment I have laid before the House today will therefore help to emphasise the general licences more in the future and not so much the individual licences. We will gauge how successful you have been,
Mr Prodi, on a weekly, monthly and annual basis. I was therefore delighted that the common position of the Council returned to this House for a second reading incorporates the exemptions required for charity
shops, inspired by my original amendment, from the need to keep records of the identity of purchasers of, in particular, second-hand electrical and electronic goods which constitute only a small part of
their overall business. The ministers who were travelling with me felt the same way as I did, and our decision was a unanimous one. Our fellow Member's excellent report demonstrates its purpose in this fight
and truly moves things forward. As set out in the Negotiating Framework, progress in the negotiations also depends on Turkey meeting its obligations. Concerning possible changes to the system for ultralight
aircraft, the Commission will ask the Agency for its opinion on this matter. Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the European Council's request to open negotiations with Japan on the conclusion
of a free trade agreement must be assessed very carefully. We welcome that! We have made mistakes and we should recognise those mistakes and put those mistakes right sooner, rather than later. But I do not
think this instrument is necessarily going to achieve that overnight. In Heading 2 we are going to vote for EUR 42&#160;378&#160;million in commitment appropriations. So we need to step up the pressure. There
must be a large number of States. The priority of our political work should be the people and human dignity, and we cannot ignore the fact that there are people in Europe who are going hungry. Member States
should also draw attention to the problem of infertility, as it has an enormous impact on a process that is amplifying the growth of demographic imbalance, and to cooperation in overcoming difficulties. on
behalf of the PSE Group. - (ES) Mr President, the President of the European Parliament, Mr Poettering, referred today to this very report by Mrs Hennis-Plasschaert when he condemned the latest terrorist
attacks, both on European territory - where airports were the targets - and in third countries, such as Yemen - in the case of the murdered Spanish tourists. It brings numerous benefits to that small Balkan
country, particularly in business and trade, for it provides for a free-trade area as well as facilitating investment and business cooperation. Thirdly, the social problems of European citizens which the
PROGRESS programme is designed to combat lie at the heart of speculation about the effectiveness of our social model and the credibility and viability of the European Union. I am wholly in favour of the
report, but I also see that the European Union is doing a great deal, much more than other countries, to protect the earth, air and water. After this, the budget must be adopted by Parliament, because the
European budget is not adopted by 27 national parliaments or by 27 national governments, but by a freely elected Parliament, in other words, this House. The Council is not here but could easily make a statement
on its understanding of how these decisions come about at the forthcoming plenary sitting in Strasbourg. That is a principle that I have a soft spot for, so at first sight a ban on tobacco advertising is
indeed a matter which should be left to the Member States themselves. Your conclusion on this matter is to think that you can legislate on it, but you are only legislating in relation to the managers, and
doing nothing to intervene in the reality of these funds. Mr Niculescu, how will we succeed in ensuring a good relationship between the production of goods for the market, food products and environmental
goods? Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I am going to begin by referring briefly to the report by Mrs Klaß in order to support the compromise amendment relating to the official list of ingredients which
must appear in Annex IIIa within two years. I am glad that the text of the resolution to be voted on Thursday takes into account most of the Commission's ideas about the major axes of evolution of the Customs
Union on closer cooperation, addressing security and enhancing the efficiency, effectiveness and delivery of customs for the benefit of the internal market. This immunity also applies to Members while they
are travelling to and from the place of meeting of the European Parliament. Question number two: do we still, as the presidency has just asked, give preference to the multilateral approach, hitherto the
hallmark of EU external policies? You know the way to put questions to the Commission, so use it. However, in developing countries this demographic increase is particularly large, with social and economic
consequences too. The Committee on Legal Affairs has proposed important amendments to the scope of the regulation. In 2000 we defined a core objective through the Lisbon Strategy, which has meanwhile been
revised. As far as the European Union is concerned, we hope that it will speak with one voice and assume a more pro-active role - and I particularly refer to a more pro-active role in the political field
- and will thus contribute to the peace process. I wonder what the real outcome was. Mr President, I wish to begin by thanking the rapporteur for his report - one aspect of which has a particular significance
for my constituency in Wales - and, as other Members have covered most aspects of the report, I would like to focus on that particular issue. On the contrary, likening the perpetrator to the victims and
calling murder the right of defence both exonerates and encourages the Israeli Government. We should keep a careful eye on what the people of Belarus do in a small way to express their desire for freedom
and democracy. We must not forget that while some countries in Europe are more tolerant, others have more conservative social norms. However, the report does not draw any worthwhile conclusions from this. Why
does this fraud exist? Everything seems to suggest that Romania has a great deal left to do in the areas of corruption, protection of minorities, competition, state support and the environment, and yet
this House has been asked to deliver its verdict no fewer than 20 months ahead of accession. I think you have been a brilliant president of this Parliament. In this area, a range of measures relating to
the working environment, skill development etc. is needed if we are going to be able to increase these figures. Therefore, Mrs Ferrero-Waldner, if you feel it has already been answered, I shall give the
floor to Mr Crowley for a supplementary question on the basis of the debate which has already taken place, and I shall then let Mr Cushnahan and Miss McIntosh speak. Let me give a specific example. It has
remained unclear as to whether it will be approved. I also have a question about the distribution of competences. It is symbolic because in the future culture industries will probably become the European
Union's main competitive advantage. The shipment must be prohibited and not just reassigned to the stricter procedure for 'red' list waste! But it will only continue to be credible if the two Council of
Europe envoys really can work independently and move freely and independently around the country. I urge you, Commissioner, to take Parliament’s remarks into consideration and would be grateful if you turned
your action plan into a real action plan that does credit to its name. This does not mean, however, that there are no problems. Frontex was not created to recover drowned bodies in southern Europe. I therefore
feel able to reassure the honourable Member who tabled the question that the Commission and I are committed to ensuring that all small and medium-sized enterprises in the sector are supported and assisted
in their efforts to access EU economic instruments, as part of a political strategy aimed at making tourism one of our key economic and industrial policy sectors. We are obliged to participate in drafting
directives and also in assessing their results. Today, if a firm is part of a group and has its own experts, it can readily find the answers to a vast number of questions, but for a small firm of under
half a dozen people, this is impossible. We believe that the Commission's proposal succeeds in tackling this dual challenge in a balanced fashion. However, a document is as powerful as its implementation. Even
more children will be tricked into leaving their homes and recruited as child soldiers; even more farmers will be shot dead in their fields; there will be even more killing in general. The affordability
of the universal service should be determined more at EU level. Firstly, of this 88%, only 22% have already implemented the plans necessary for the introduction of the euro. Special attention will be given
to women and young people, with dedicated products and activities. With regard to ranking, which is an important part of the question put by Mr Mavrommatis, there are indeed several international rankings
worldwide. Fourthly, research and how to make the most of it for industry and innovation must be a central issue. Mrs Souchet has gone half-way in rejecting what the Commission is trying to do. Apparently,
you did not consult that committee, you went immediately to the WHO and you are still quoting what it considers to be desirable levels. We therefore restate our opposition to the pursuit of the liberalisation
of this important public service in each country. In my own north-west constituency, we are determined to promote equality and sustainable development wherever possible. There are specific and targeted forms
of aid with regard to the closure of airspace, and the possibility of providing even more, on the basis of objective criteria. It has begun its work and we wanted it to be totally independent. A number of
the remaining amendments proposed by Parliament are acceptable: Amendment 10 may help to promote the integration of the environment into other policies. New assessments and authorisation renewals should
be processed according to the new rules. In order to achieve this goal, I also supported the creation of a tax on financial transactions, as well as the consideration of possible options for cancelling
the debt of the poorest countries. As a result, our environmental policy is not based on knowledge to the maximum possible and desired extent. The Portuguese Socialist delegation in the European Parliament
denounces and condemns the actions of certain Portuguese MEPs from the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) who have tried to tarnish the image of Portugal and the Portuguese Prime
Minister with the unfounded accusation of interference in the media. With the world becoming more interconnected with the help of modern communications, safe and quick methods of payment and the removal
of a good deal of protectionism, ever more countries around the world are now being drawn into global trade. It will be visible in the number of tourists they receive and it will help to make Europe better
known. It is designed not as a long-term scheme but an emergency measure and is intended to help us restore a better balance between the sizes of our fleets and the available resources. It is quite inconsistent
to postpone the establishment of compulsory labelling of beef and veal for another year and, at the same time, to condemn France' s application of the precautionary principle, precisely because there is
no such compulsory labelling. Mr President, first of all I have a point of order, which I consider to be important. I would point out to Mrs Van Lancker that it was the majority of Socialists on the General
Affairs Council that decided to go on with business as usual. Various highly successful drug checking projects have been carried out in the Netherlands, Switzerland, Vienna and Germany. Yes, Mrs Plooij-van
Gorsel, you have the floor. The minimum standards are to be applicable retroactively, which is in outright contradiction to the principle of safeguarding legitimate expectations. The first aims to set common
minimal standards as regards certain procedural rights applying to criminal proceedings throughout the European Union. I am also glad that the first meeting of the High Level Group on Nuclear Safety and
Waste Management took place on 12 October. Following the technical discussions between the three institutions, the presidency is now pressing for political progress towards concluding an acceptable arrangement
on that issue as well. However, it still no doubt offers us an opportunity to link together economic policy, environmental policy and social policy and not just to see the problems, but also the opportunities
inherent in this concept. First, we have to react more quickly in crisis situations. Regarding the adoption of the Regulation on the International Safety Management Code, which seeks to promote a culture
of safety and prevention of pollution, the Commission would like to thank you for the support that you gave in the plenary in February, and I trust that at its meeting in June the Council will adopt common
positions on both subjects. Particular importance will be given to the safety of the observers on the ground. The first step towards the creation of the Convention on the Future of Europe was taken when
the French President agreed that there was a need to think about introducing a new method of reforming the EU, and the next was the Laeken decision and the work with which we are all familiar. They can
no longer communicate in confidence. I was saying, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, that my group is pleased at the approval of these two instruments. This may be absolutely right given its expertise,
but we want to ensure that these particular projects are given the priority they deserve. At this stage the Commission has only assessed the MIF in systems like Visa and MasterCard. Both establish a maximum
admissible concentration of 50 mg/l. I admit that we need more, and we proposed in this House that the effects of the Directive should be reviewed no later than 1999 and new proposals made. The amendment
is admissible, but a separate vote will be taken. However, all of this has inevitably led to a delay in the use of resources for the subsequent period, up to 1999. There is a fundamental last question. [It
was worth it in the end.] Mr President, first of all, I would like to compliment both rapporteurs on their reports, and to refer, in particular, to Carmen Fraga Estévez's report, which has proved to be
non-controversial as all parties have agreed to the compromise. It is commendable that both the European Commission's agenda and the action plan of the incoming Trio Presidency place emphasis on factors
indispensable to the programme's success, such as measures targeting undeclared work, the black economy and early school leavers, as well as improving self-employment conditions. I supported this resolution,
ahead of the Córdoba Summit on 8 April 2010, because the inclusion of Roma in all spheres of society must be one of the priorities to be defended at European level. It was also excellent that representatives
of the ACP and the EU were able to participate in the informal council of ministers for development cooperation organised by the UK Presidency in October. We have to invest better and more in education
and training. This means that the proposal contributes to the Commission's general policy of promoting the online market and online trade. I welcome the creation of a framework for cooperation between CEDEFOP
and the European Foundation for the Improvement of Living and Working Conditions with a view to ensuring that available research funding is used in areas of common interest. The first issue is the position
of the social partners. These are detailed in some of the amendments that we will be supporting. According to UNICEF estimates, 2 million children were killed over the past decade as a direct or indirect
result of armed conflicts, whilst a further 6 million children were left disabled or seriously injured, 1 million were orphaned, 20 million were forced to flee their homes and more than 300 000 were themselves
involved in the fighting. Let us give this organisation more support, enabling it to better fulfil its role over the next fifty years. Today the Danish Social Democrats voted in favour of a report concerning
uniform rules for the admission of third-country nationals to the Member States. That model cannot meet the challenges we face in the future. That is absolutely clear and as a member of the Committee on
Industry, External Trade, Research and Energy, it is something I have to emphasise while supporting the overall PSE position. Turkey must do so only if it really wants to and in full awareness of exactly
what is demanded of it. I, too, congratulate both the rapporteurs, Mr Cashman and Mr Mann, on their excellent work. I should also like to offer my warmest thanks to all the members of the Committee on Research,
Technological Development and Energy who have participated in this work. That is not something we can support. This is happening despite the fact that slavery was prohibited more than 250 years ago. This
will then also give the various groups the opportunity of concluding compromises. Will they be able to adapt to a constitutional state or will they continue to be a force within a force? I consider, therefore,
that it should be possible for industry to draft printed material on its own initiative and not only by request. I believe that the directive should impose greater obligations on the Member States to provide
information, and include a reference to the need for appropriate and correct information for drivers on the regulations which are in force. Being concerned about the general public’s disaffection with European
integration, we are trying to unite the people around major projects. The European Union, and the European Parliament in particular, consider the protection of citizens, their environment, their daily lives
and their health to be of great importance. This debate is about taking the argument much further than merely the fight against fraud to what needs to be done in order to ensure the sound and efficient
use of all our resources. My main remaining reservations concern the question of how much of a carrot has to be offered to get the system to take off, particularly for stand-alone actions. Certain military
leaders are still anxious to end legal action against those responsible for human rights violations and to uphold the rights of victims. Those are my points. Unfortunately, there is currently only one method
available and that is to adopt Council conclusions for each separate initiative. I should also like to lend my wholehearted support to item&#160;28 of the motion for a resolution, concerning an export ban
on all equipment used for the death penalty and torture. I would therefore like to put my opinion on record although, of course, I leave the outcome to the wisdom of the House. The threat of climate change
remains, so does the objective to counter this, with or without the Kyoto Protocol. Therefore, I believe that at this time it makes more sense to optimise the programmes and projects which we have in such
a way that they serve to finance the Small Business Act. The bottom line, however, is that the state, including the EU, should not intervene in the economy. Given that the main instruments of the COM in
fruit and vegetables centre on producers' organisations, we can only conclude, as this House did at the time, that what we have is only half a COM. We should learn in the name of competitiveness to refrain
from burdening and cluttering the European Union from excessive regulation or initiatives which are not strictly necessary. They must accede in the hope of sharing not only in our prosperity, but in everything
that gives meaning to Europe, above all democracy. Employment and training of seafarers depends closely on the market conditions of the maritime transport sector. It also advocates opening up water management
to the private sector. I speak too for the Committee on Fisheries. Madam President, one of my constituents in London has informed me of serious allegations against a Mr Vladimir Perisic, also known as Dr
Vladmir De Rothschild, who claims to be a medical doctor and a specialist surgeon. It is for us to publicise that need so that there is some peer pressure on Internet providers. Specific protection must
be given to individuals, children and women especially. It is because investing in energy efficiency and consuming less energy, for example, will have a negative effect on the gross domestic product. Not
to mention other objectives which had been previously enshrined and which have now been reaffirmed. Advancements made in biometric technologies will allow for speedier and more reliable identification of
travellers. That is why it can perfectly well be put to the vote tomorrow. For the purpose of determining whether or not subsidies are lawful, it must become easier to trace funds back to their source and
thereby facilitate the recovery of wrongly-obtained funding. (ES) Mr President, Mrs Morgantini's words are very moving and we cannot help but show our solidarity with these duly documented cases of alleged
violation of the human rights of Palestinian prisoners. The decline of our coastal zones is often a result of this reprehensible wait-and-see policy. We should do everything we can to make sure that the
young people of today feel completely at home in the European Community, better still that they develop close ties with it. We have just now – while in a meeting of our group – been informed that the Liberals
were making this request. Little progress is made by it, and the examination of important points is put off until later. As regards today' s debate, the rules of the game were clear. I would like to begin
by thanking Commissioner Mandelson and his services, who have dramatically improved the flow of information sent to our committee regarding the various bilateral and interregional trade negotiations. In
1980 I proposed that the Community should have a flying squad. (PL) Mr President, today the European Parliament is taking a second look at the draft directive on ambient air quality. Both I and the committee
put a great deal of work into this report. I shall therefore just conclude by saying that - like the previous speaker, Mr Blak - I too think it is heart-breaking to see the developments in Afghanistan. I
am here as a Member of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Policy and as a shadow rapporteur. We look forward to an agreement on the programme and to it subsequently being implemented. Furthermore,
if the free trade agreement is to reflect each party's level of development, it cannot overlook such fundamental standards as the prohibition of child labour, for example. &#160;&#160; Mr President, there
is something highly obnoxious about any trade in human body parts or tissue. A voice that will be heard in Geneva and which makes us proud to be European. We just need to know how things stand. Some States,
as you know, have carried out humanitarian missions in Iraq at national level. I am slightly taken aback because at other times you take your time. Frankly, I believe it is clear what the situation is in
Iraq. Mr President, I voted for the Ghilardotti report. The Commission needs to start considering now, though, what sort of mechanisms we need in order to ensure that the new Commission document can take
account of future developments. If these companies experience particular problems, then it is up to their respective governments to negotiate covenants with them which define time frames and mechanisms. We
are obliged, I believe, to conclude that this is not the case and that the few signs of unilateralism which we observed prior to 11 September - the agreement on the International Criminal Court, the ABM
Treaty, Kyoto - have not gone away, indeed quite the contrary. As my colleague Mrs Schörling pointed out, persistent organic pollutants – POPs – are chemical substances that persist in the environment. What
needs to be done so that this new country where we observed the elections ends up resisting this transition, which will be very difficult and which is now bringing echoes of war with it, unfortunately? It
was also the scene of the murder which started the First World War. The decisions were adopted unanimously. It is our job to secure a decent life for all citizens. Who is behind this natural disaster? The
Commission has adopted a proposal today. Vice-President of the Commission. - A broad safety action plan and implementation of that action plan have been extremely high priorities for the Commission, and
there really has been tremendous progress: we have substantially reduced the number of accidents in Europe. To ensure that this list of banned air carriers is enforced throughout the entire EU territory
– you have spoken about this, Commissioner – the criteria on the basis of which the list will be drafted must be drawn up at Community level. Beyond the holding of the Peace Implementation Conference, which
has been taking place these past few days in Bonn, the Council has noted and clarified the conditions to be applied for granting European Union assistance. All too often there is very poor - if any - scientific
understanding of the status of the stocks. Therefore, as you can see, ladies and gentlemen, the spirit is one of agreement and proactiveness. The European Council will also report the results of the European
Year of Equal Opportunities for All and invite Member States to strengthen efforts to prevent and combat discrimination. Prime Minister, these three marks mean that that you are drawing a conclusion here
and confirming a desire. The very fact that the latter has been a bone of contention is, in my opinion, the best argument in favour of the directive. It has already been mentioned, but I urge, finally, that,
during your Presidency, Prime Minister, you will take the opportunity to resolve the issue of land grab and other issues which cause such distress and heartache to tens of thousands of law-abiding property
owners across southern Spain. I was disappointed, but at the same time we have to be realistic. I met with President Rompuy 13 times, I had official talks with Mr Barroso 13 times, and met with President
Buzek nine times with the specific purpose of facilitating interinstitutional cooperation. The current gas crisis between Ukraine and Russia, unfortunately, not the first one, has affected 15 Central European
and Balkan countries. The task is to facilitate medium-term financial planning and not cling to the principle of annuality, which would make longer-term development cooperation impossible. (PT) I should
like to congratulate Mr Mulder on his admirable report and to thank the members of the committee, who voted unanimously to adopt the report. We must therefore find a balance and I hope that the Interinstitutional
Agreement which we are trying to negotiate will help to achieve this. The rapporteur, Mrs Oomen-Ruijten, has the floor. Unfortunately, the new discussions held over the last two months with the Council have
not enabled us to progress further on important points. The guilty parties are sitting in judgment on themselves, which does not bode well. It is in connection with these observations that I invite the Socialist
group to withdraw its amendment or reformulate it adequately with an oral amendment, which I am prepared to agree. They challenged that court to give them mobility rights and the court did so. That is why
I believe possession should also be an offence! Madam President, first of all, I should like to express my support and praise for Mr Maaten's report. Speaking for myself, an inquiry into the origins of CJD
in the UK is long overdue and I shall do all I can to try to bring it about. This will be a useful part of the reform process and I thank you very much for your support. This resolution only goes as far
as calling on the Commission and the Council 'to take all necessary steps to ensure a level playing field'. As far as the possibility of further intervention in the internal policies of these countries
is concerned, I have noted his comment, which I shall also pass on to the European Commission, and we shall bear it in mind within the framework of the Council. I must begin by thanking the rapporteur,
who has successfully cooperated with all the groups and taken into consideration the various points of view, against the backdrop of a difficult budget situation and a new procedure which is still extremely
cautious. The efficiency of the EU funds spent in the area of justice reform and the combating of corruption must be assessed. So I call upon the AAL Association to develop effective business models for
these ICT products and services, which are the key to lower prices and getting these products onto the market. In general terms, though, I do believe that the 'lifelong learning' programme is aimed in the
right direction, with simplification, lump sums and more decentralisation in line with what we demanded. It is up to Member States, in accordance with the principle of subsidiarity, to implement the necessary
measures that were drawn up within the context of the Community. It uses safety equipment and devices. You have to take sides. I doubt whether customers will actually use it to inform themselves of the detailed
terms and conditions. As this Parliament's rapporteur for Iceland, I would like to stress that this country has Arctic priorities compatible with the European Union. These proposals also comply with our
international commitments, since the proposed reform aims to separate aid and an income insurance system, which could act as a safety net. This would protect consumers by according them, for instance, the
right to a cooling-off period, where appropriate, and to information, and would also allow the industry to benefit from a market without frontiers which would otherwise be hampered by differing national
legislation. Why have an integrated approach? Instead of fixing a separate value for each foodstuff, whether rhubarb or cauliflower, we propose that there should be a single limit value for pesticides and
a total limit value, as is the case with the drinking water directive. I have one further comment on Sunday rest: I do not see why it should not be possible - in our modern flexible world of production
- for us to agree on a time of rest. Even rare and exotic breeds or the pet animals of country children were compulsorily killed. I call on the authorities to release those detainees immediately, unless
they are charged with a recognisable criminal offence. Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, in the past there have been various attempts by politically sovereign states to organise common
monetary unions. This issue was also dealt with during the recent visit by Prime Minister Kassianov to the European Commission. Mrs Schaffner is showing her approval of this proposal. On behalf of the Commission,
I would like to underline that the report is based on information received from relevant stakeholders, from both the public and private sectors, and the outcome of these consultations has been positive. Regional
and local cultures are gradually dying, and numerous forms of their expression, and their disciplines and creative skills are disappearing. In fact, I have a lot of faith in that. One might even say that
that is the main object of the exercise - and what is the European Union doing about it? They have access to legal advice both within their centre and within the competent administration. Some measures will
not deliver immediate results because it will take time for some of the ecosystems to react to the measures. Without innovations there would not be any generics, but at the same time generics play an important
role in preventing innovations from becoming so prohibitively expensive that the health sector cannot afford them. We nonetheless reject the development of a federal judicial system with ever growing institutions,
at which the above proposals are clearly aimed. In the case of children's passports and fingerprints, obviously children need their own passports with biometric identifiers in an effort to prevent abductions,
child pornography and trafficking in children. This being so, and as numerous Members have stressed, in these times of economic crisis, with all the Member States facing financial problems, not to mention
the fact that the way in which the European Central Bank and Stability Pact operate is inadequate and they are exacerbating rather than resolving the problem, we need common solutions to common problems,
one of which is tax evasion. &#160;&#160; First of all, I want to state that I completely agree with the honourable Member that forestry is of crucial socio-economic and environmental importance in the
EU, especially in rural districts. We call on the Commission and the Council strongly to oppose and condemn the use of sexual assault, intimidation and any other form of abuse of women taking place in the
context of the current events in North Africa and the Middle East. The report concludes by highlighting a range of measures essentially confined to raising the price of water and the cost of supplying it. A
blind girl who has not been admitted to university because of her blindness, and a young Roma man will talk about their lives. We know that the internal market is said to have created over 2.5&#160;million
jobs within the last ten years alone. The most recent opinion polls confirm that in Germany at least there is widespread opposition to this idea. The strategy's objectives are far from achieved and the EU
is facing the deepest economic crisis since 1933. On top of all this, there is an insistence on common asylum and migration policies, on the pretext of combating illegal immigration and organised crime. I
note that on the schedule this resolution was entitled ‘Future of Europe’ whereas the actual resolution is entitled ‘60th Anniversary of the end of the Second World War on 8 May 1945’. Mr President, ladies
and gentlemen, Hungary recently approved a law on protecting Hungarian minorities living in neighbouring countries, which evoked various reactions and controversies, particularly in Romania and Slovakia,
where the largest of these minorities live and work. That is as it should be, because this topic is very important. It would be absurd to impose our model on these women. We shall have the pleasure of welcoming
Commissioner&#160;Kroes and also Martin Bartenstein, the Austrian Federal Minister for Economic Affairs and Labour, to this event. Since its review is not finished, and until the problem of the nut industry
is resolved, an extension of these improvement plans should be reconsidered, until its correct place is found, which should be the COM in fruits, where it will be treated in a genuinely differentiated
fashion. Mr President, I would first like to join in thanking Mr Whitehead for his excellent work. Originally, the Commission would only have prohibited DEGME in paints, but through collaboration by all
the parties we have also achieved its restriction in cleaning materials. A cold winter is just beginning, but when it is over we know that spring will arrive, that the bees will again fly off to provide
their pollination services and we shall again enjoy a blooming landscape. First of all, I should like to congratulate the European Parliament on the launch of its own website before I try to defend the
Council's website. I am convinced, however, that this will be a positive step towards increasing mutual trust between Member States in monitoring the common external borders. And so that is all - I am convinced
that this increase in numbers of Court of Auditors staff will only enhance the rigour we are accustomed to seeing on the part of that institution and improve, if that were possible, its long-standing cooperative
attitude towards Parliament. The EU currently has 16 Fisheries Partnership Agreements (FPAs) in force. For this reason, we cannot accept Amendments Nos. 1 and 3, nor part of Amendment No 6. How long should
it take? Because it so happens, as Mr Claeys said just now, that the parties concerned are precisely the ones that have always chorused that we must brush aside the French and Dutch no-vote on the European
Constitution and just get on with the ratification process. My point is not that such occasions are not worthwhile: on the contrary, such is the need for greater action at European level that the Union
could and should have four formal summits every year, as foreseen in the Treaty of Nice. I hope that the European Economic Recovery Plan will soon produce results in the form of the first signs of economic
stimulation. The actual objective of convincing European policy should be to help people affected or at risk of disease, not their early selection on the basis of quality criteria. This prospect is worse
than another violation of international law which, without agreement, does not sanction separation. Most importantly, I wanted to say to the Commission, face to face, that it is crucial that the condemnation
of OLAF by the Court of First Instance in Case T – 309/2003, as my fellow group member Mrs Ayala Sender has brought to our attention, be followed up by action. I have calculated that, every year, with this
programme for women five thousandths of a euro is spent every day&#160;–&#160;not EUR 5 but five thousandths of a euro&#160;&#160;for each woman: that is a very small amount. It has also transpired that
Member States have no precise information on the scale of the problem, within the European Union or involving it as a destination. We cannot assume that because we have something under control in the European
Union it is universally under control. It shows that the cases of animals suffering from BSE, described as naïve and, more often, extremely dumb, are caused by the fraudulent use of bone meal from carcasses
in animal foods. In 2002 I led the EU mission to monitor the presidential election followed by independence, and we saw clearly what a good job UNTAET had done under the much-lamented Sergio Vieira de Mello. The
European Union's efforts to create a satisfactory legal database in this area are welcome but, in my view, they are still not sufficient to meet the new challenges. I urge the EU and its Member States to
urgently establish protocols on relevant weapons systems and establish a protocol unambiguously banning the production, stockpiling, transfer and use of all types of cluster bombs (fragmentation bombs). There
is no system yet that properly stops the collision of the numbers on the different sheep. I would urge you all, if you have not read it yet, to read Mrs Badia i Cutchet's splendid report. You have never
made any secret of your European convictions, you have declared them with great aplomb, as you yourself have said, in the regions, and in MEPs' constituencies as well as their capital cities. The investments
we make today, for example in IT resources, can save us a lot of money in the coming years, which is why thrift should not be allowed to become an end in itself. We must also take note of the responses
of our institution to the observations of the Court of Auditors, and without delay encourage all relevant reform in accordance with the financial regulation and the principle of transparency. The strategy
proposed in terms of e-Justice has the fundamental aim of making justice more effective throughout Europe, to the benefit of its citizens. It does not seem useful to me to have continual discussions about
the definitions of waste and prevention. Our colleague has worked exceptionally hard and efficiently over the past six months, but unfortunately he is unable to attend this sitting, and I have the honour
to stand in for him in today's debate. But three things jump out at us immediately when we speak about the Middle East. This morning, the Irish Prime Minister, on presenting the programme of the Irish Presidency
of the Council, made a particular reference to the issue of human rights. Prime Minister, I would like you to pass on that compliment to your Minister of State for EU Affairs, Mrs Győri, who was present
here day and night and really set a good example. As the author is not present, Question 44 will not be taken. If they hope to perhaps one day become members of the European Union, we can strengthen the
democratic forces in the same way as was successful for other previous dictatorships in Southern Europe. But I also agree that part of that solution is the need to build institutional bases to make a European
economic policy possible. This reform must encourage the protection of geographical indications and designations of origin, as a means of better guaranteeing and protecting European wines in the context
of multilateral negotiations and bilateral trade agreements. The times of cheap food and especially cheap energy are past. But, in fact, a large amount of responsibility lies with the Member States. I believe
the case will be judged by a court that is competent to do so. However, there is something that we must note: laogai prisons bear the names of commercial enterprises just like normal businesses, seeking
to conceal the true nature of their products, which are produced by enforced labour. We need to upgrade the standard of living in many parts of the Union. If the United Kingdom suffers floods and Greece
suffers a heatwave during the course of one summer, it is obvious that the impact of those weather conditions on the soil in those Member States will be entirely different. I think it is outrageous. We are
really very committed to transparency, but we must always look for a very fine line among the different commitments that we have to respect in these very complex cases. Finally, it is important for workers
abroad wanting to hear their children's voice on the phone. We must build on the outgoing presidency’s achievements in order to get an agreement as soon as possible. The figures for 2009 have obviously not
been closed, but I can forecast that lending by the European Investment Bank at the end of this year will probably be over 50% more than its lending in 2007, the year before the crisis. These are the key
reforms, boldly and rightly set out by President Barroso in the programme for his Commission, but already I fear this opportunity may be slipping from our grasp. We welcome the contribution of Parliament
to this very important policy debate. Moreover, allow me to remind you that this is intrinsically about compulsory expenditure. Mr President, I would like to thank Mr Veraldi very much for his report on
young farmers. The Minutes of yesterday’s sitting have been distributed. Parliament and the Union are building European Armed Forces and European defence, step by step. Certainly, we will contribute to the
work that will be done in Vienna because this will enhance our credibility, as many have said. it reaffirms that energy efficiency is the most effective and fastest way to reduce greenhouse gas emissions
and that a firm commitment to provide resources and investment in this area will result in economic growth and job creation for small and medium-sized enterprises; Secondly, we have to deal with the very
disturbing fact that genetically modified rice has been found all over Europe, even though it is prohibited. Mrs Hautala put her finger on a very sensitive issue: she suggested that the financial perspectives
be reviewed in order to speed up the enlargement process. Political rivals need to be able to reach an agreement on eliminating shortcomings in constitutional reform, in order for these reforms to be directed
towards preserving the balance between institutions of the national government and in order to ensure the stability of the state's political system. I would like to particularly stress the benefit which,
in terms of employment, can be obtained by women through giving them improved access to employment with guarantees in terms of working time and salary. This situation leads us to question the actual impact
of these agreements, the costs of which to the fleets are rising while fishing opportunities are falling. Let us ensure that there are workable systems for our transport system as a whole, or else we may
end up organising some things better, but we will be wrecking many more. Insolvency proceedings in the context of EU company law ( Citizens put the fight against crime and terrorism high on the list of what
the EU should tackle successfully. In the past, there have been hundreds of cases of Members who have made a mistake in voting, have had it recorded in the Minutes that they have made a mistake, without
it changing the result of a vote. So I think it should be included. (IT) Mr President, I would like to thank Mr Brok for his speech. The best available techniques are anything but correctly applied in this
specific sector. And this occurred despite the fact that the United States, exceptionally, is not hesitating to release 6 billion dollars of aid for farmers when they advised us to stop giving out aid. What
I also see is that the situation within our European apparatus today is such that if you are outside the euro area, you can be 'helped', whereas if you are inside it, things are much more complicated. I
wish you every success with this too. I am retiring voluntarily, of my own volition, but not without a feeling of nostalgia after five years as a Member of this Parliament and fifteen years as a Member
of Parliament in Rome. I pay tribute to Parliament, which quickly recognised the urgency of the situation and voted through the regulations at first reading by an overwhelming majority and with very constructive
amendments. That is not in the interests of this honourable House. Africa is a varied picture. To defend our Europe and our interests as Europeans, the Commission and its President should be adopting a very
different stand. I voted in favour of the Tsatsos report. I believe that the compromise amendments tabled by the rapporteur will be accepted, thus making it possible to bring this report to a successful
conclusion. At the same time, I should like to know their reaction to the statement made by Mohammed Shabir, who has been proposed as Prime Minister of a Palestinian united Cabinet: 'I shall make my position
clear after the appointment'. Mr President, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, Commissioners, I will spare you the high-flown sentiments and I also hope to spare you any naivety. However, it lacked a
clear reference to the problem of huge deficits. One of the most important changes, which also reflect the outcome of the December 2005 summit on the Financial Perspective, must surely be the eligibility
of non-recoverable VAT where there is private cofinancing. Looking only at the European Union, the fight against poverty will require a pugnacity which, it must be said, the European institutions have not
always shown us. I am voting for the initiative and await the Commission's tabling of the necessary legislative initiatives on the basis of the additional means provided for in the Treaty of Lisbon. Monaco
is also indirectly part of the Community customs area. Until those matters are tackled in a fundamental way I am able to support the Korakas proposals. We had no problems in doing so but I would, however,
like to raise several points that I feel strongly about in relation to the debate on immigrants from the southern Mediterranean. If we have access to open information, then we must ensure there are no physical
or mental constraints on citizens who are weakened and made vulnerable by their ignorance of the complex management systems of electronic information. Extremely serious acts have been committed on both
sides of Europe’s southern border, acts so serious that even colleagues who do not see European immigration policy in the same terms as ourselves could, I think, join us in deploring and condemning them. However,
these activities must take place in accordance with the wishes of the people concerned, if rural development is to be successful. Today it is very important that social involvement and related labour market
policies should also be sought through an integrated and united approach within the recovery plan for the European economy. We therefore want the proposal to be rejected in its entirety. In many ways it
marks another stage down the road begun by Willy Brandt when he was mayor of Berlin. International protection is supposed to enable people who are truly persecuted in their own country to seek refuge under
better circumstances. Women have to bear their children at a specific stage in their lives. Although it was clear from his report that he got to the bottom of the issue, I as a Liberal fail to agree with
him, because I believe that, where possible, legislation should be whittled down a minimum. A while ago this House debated and adopted an excellent report by Mr Rack. For us, the objective is to achieve
agreement on this delicate subject at second reading before the end of the year, with formal adoption by the European Parliament during the December part-session. the report by Martine Roure, on behalf
of the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs, on the proposal for a Council Framework Decision on the protection of personal data processed in the framework of police and judicial cooperation
in criminal matters (renewed consultation) [07315/2007 C6-0115/2007. This directive must now make it possible for patients to access information on PILs at home on the web and for the same information to
be available in pharmacies. As the committee responsible for Regulation (EC) No&#160;1408/71, we have an interest in it, as do I as Parliament’s rapporteur during the previous term. At the time of Maastricht
there were the same unkept promises. It is a mistake and I think now Member States are well aware of it. So too was the amendment in the report which would reduce the Commission proposals for higher premia
for the Community Tobacco Fund. We need to have in the immediate vicinity of the EU a partner which assumes the values we share. For this reason alone it is useful that we are tackling this problem here
today, but it is clear that, in view of the future, we will have to keep an eye on the further developments, the stability of the country, otherwise everything will start right from the beginning again. Mr
President-in-Office, let me make one more observation. Secondly, I would like to emphasise the role of police cooperation and the exchange of information between intelligence services on terrorist activities,
based in particular on Europol's anti-terrorist unit and the special team of anti-terrorist magistrates in Eurojust. In France, Greece, Italy and Spain approximately 100&#160;000 fishermen and tens of thousands
of fishing vessels are involved in the fisheries sector. I also appreciate your offer of an invitation to a round table. To that extent, we are very satisfied. Both the way they are raised and the way they
are transported are of great concern to many consumers. I recall that in 1985 the Swedish Parliament voted to ban the use of antibiotics as feed additives for this very reason, in other words, 17 years
before the Commission's proposal! Member States must offer screenings at two-year intervals for women between the ages of 50 and 69 years, as recommended, in fact, in the European Guidelines for Mammography
Screening; The negotiations at the Intergovernmental Conference will not offer a solution to the burning challenge of unemployment. A good example of this is the declaration made at the Berlin European Council,
which, in my opinion, played an important part in reducing tension in the spring. But now a second matter, Madam President. (DE) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the European governments are being driven
by the markets. These mandates for negotiation are now being discussed by the Council at working group level. This is especially so in the area of indirect taxation, but also with regard to the taxation
of non-renewable energy sources or, indeed, to tax definitions. Water is a primary human need, as was recognised and reaffirmed during the Fourth Water Forum in Mexico in 2006. The European Union is actively
supporting the efforts of the UN Secretary-General's special representative to this end. The first question we might ask is why is the European Parliament interested in fundamental rights? Finally, I would
like to voice an opinion on the issue of legal basis. I will end by expressing my full appreciation for the members of the committee. Actually that is not true, Mr President: some people talked about Europe,
those we call the ‘new countries’ talked about Europe, the countries of the last enlargement. Our group is of the very decided opinion that weapons of mass destruction in the hands of Saddam Hussein are
a menace to the region and imperil the peace of the world. To me, mercury also brings to mind a place in my province, Almadén, whose mines were one of the birthplaces of the workers' movement in Spain. Must
I remind you that the first suspicions of fraud were expressed in 1989? New fibres and innovative products could be brought to market without delay because of the changes proposed in the report, and consumers
will have better choice as a result. At the same time, fundamental rights, such as the right of trade union activity, cannot be set aside. Non-consensual amendments had only just been passed, often with
a majority of only one, as mentioned by this report. We have not been very successful in this respect, nor in giving a hearing to the proposal drawn up by Simone Veil's group, which also relates to citizens
of third countries. The rules must be harmonised at administrative level, by centralising sanctions and controls, but also in legislative terms through the ratification of the 1995 Convention on the protection
of the Union's financial interests, which has remained a dead letter until now. Since the introduction of the euro, our fellow citizens have known a level of price stability that few in the euro area had
achieved before. Those are primarily the responsibility of the Bulgarian Government, but the Commission and the Member States must do all they can to help. But this planet has finite resources. However, it
is of vital importance not only to this Parliament but also to the future development of a prosperous, efficient and environmentally-sustainable Europe. The damage that they cause not only affects the individual
holder of the right but the whole of society. (EL) Minister, Commissioner, Parliament has urgently called for cooperation at European level with immigrants' countries of origin and transit. Funds for the
'national envelopes' are allocated according to a key which is based to 50% on the historical input of Member States, 25% on area and 25% on production. The Arusha process has been the most important forum
addressing the conflicts in the region and this process could be turned into permanent conference mechanisms for central and eastern Africa. Therefore, we need to look at the defects in the system and in
its application, without destroying the usefulness of this warrant. For example, with regard to access to the labour market. I am happy that in the eyes of the European Commission and the European Central
Bank Slovenia has passed a challenging test, namely that it has met all the requirements for entry to the Eurozone. Direct selling by farmers cannot be subject to the rules of this regulation, nor can local
and artisanal products. One of these meetings was also attended by the candidate countries. The recognition of the registration plate comprising national registration and the European flag will obviously
become increasingly important as more Member States start introducing this, and, perhaps, a Community registration number. The unique relationship that binds the European Union and the United States is
one of the strategic foundation stones of the European Union. On behalf of all European citizens of good will I call on Hungary's politicians to speedily adopt effective laws to combat displays of fascism
and extremism in Hungary. Rather than seeking a solution between the 27, the hot potato of the decision on recognition has been referred to the Member States. I am therefore against putting companies at
a disadvantage competitively, especially small and medium-sized enterprises. What the Commission is lacking in many areas was described by the Court of Auditors - and let me emphasise that it was the Court
of Auditors, not the European Parliament - in its special report as a 'zero-tolerance policy'. Mr President, you are probably aware that the buildings of the European Parliament in Strasbourg contain a
more widespread presence of asbestos than was originally anticipated. By voting in favour of this report, we are also underlining the importance of implementing the Beijing Action Platform and of drawing
up provisions in the European Union's own budget with a view to applying the proposals contained in Mrs Ghilardotti's report. On the whole, it has gone quite well. in writing. - I voted for the Maňka Report
which is the first step in amending the 2010 European Parliament budget seeking additional budgetary and human resources to enable the European Parliament to fulfil its enhanced role. Firstly to promote
the convergence of deposit guarantee schemes. In Spain this year, 54&#160;000 illegal immigrants have been repatriated. Duplicating the executive would not provide European citizens with the necessary transparency
and accountability, and the executive would escape your control, Parliament's control. Its objective was to serve as a guide for the decisions of the Budgetary Authority, offer a vision of the margins available
in each heading, taking account of the contributions already approved during the codecision procedure, and facilitating the application of the new assessment procedure originating from the aforementioned
joint declaration. This is why it is carrying out what is, to all intents and purposes, the Anschluss of South Ossetia and Abkhazia, why it is threatening Ukraine, why it is interfering in the anti-missile
shield in Poland and the Czech Republic, and why it uses its energy resources in a form of blackmail. I do not at present see that in the position of the net contributing countries and in the obsession
with 1%. The European Union is the main market for timber and fish. Perhaps that is the reason why we are still all in good shape here. I freely acknowledge before the House, as I have always done, that finding
a common level playing field on this legislation, even on minimum common rules, has been difficult in the Council. Finally, the report expresses concern about Member States’ tendency to establish ‘preliminary
reception centres’ in non-EU states; there has been frequent enough reference in the press to Libya as an example of a country’s inability to guarantee minimal standards for refugees. Mr President, this
report highlights the need for food security for the citizens whom we represent. Credit rating agencies from countries outside the European Union will have the opportunity to approach the European market
and operate here by means of an equivalence regime involving certification - which is important for small agencies - or by means of the endorsement system - which can be used by large agencies. This is
not about EU global weakness in foreign affairs, but about Russian bullying and revanchism in the South Caucasus. So I should like to sound a warning note about the extent of consumer protection. The Commission's
proposals were certainly better than what is now proposed in those areas. On that occasion it was in Spain. The international community and the European Union in particular must spare no effort to consolidate
peace, to promote democracy and to save millions of people who are exposed to hunger, disease and poverty. However, may I suggest that the honourable Member put his question to the Commission which, having
negotiated the agreement in question, is best placed to give a definitive answer on this issue. In my opinion, however, a quota should have been reserved for Europe of the frequencies available for the
electromagnetic emissions with which the electronic messages are sent which are then converted into pictures on our televisions and computers and into signals in fixed or mobile telephones. Might not the
communitisation of the parliamentary salary foreshadow the imposition of voting methods by the European Union and European parties? Until the citizens of Europe are properly informed and express their position
on this very sensitive subject, I am asking the Commission to stop authorising any new GMOs. Media pluralism concerns the broadcasting of information, television and the Internet as well as audiovisual
creation. They deserve better than they have had. It also forms a vital cornerstone of the strategy for sustainable development. We must be very careful here, which is why I do not think it is a good idea
specifically to bring this dossier under the second pillar, where we have little say at the moment. Mr Goebbels, you mentioned 72 specific powers, within 11 different categories. I am sorry to note that
the report by Mrs Joly, a good report in other respects, does not contain such a requirement. We require the candidate countries to meet all the criteria before accession: we too must live up to our obligations. Mr
President, representatives of the Council, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to join previous speakers in expressing my concern over the physical and moral siege that the leader of the Palestinian
Authority, Yasser Arafat, is currently experiencing. The complexity of the issues relating to drugs and drug addiction make an overhaul of the European Drug and Drug Addiction Centre more crucial than ever. So
the question is: what, precisely, to do. EU external trade policy should not sacrifice our agricultural sector, which ensures the food security of our fellow citizens, particularly in a context of increased
market volatility. I now come to the matter of transparency, which has been raised by a number of Members of Parliament. In the Green Paper on Maritime Policy there is also discussion about the fact that
ships should be included in the Emissions Trading Scheme. Now the Commission will study the content of the resolution you will be adopting in December. I therefore urge Croatia to further the development
of a culture of political responsibility and for a public debate on membership and the consequences of accession, since only a third of the population currently consider accession to the EU to be beneficial. I
think the EU should most definitely adhere to a principle of caution, especially when it is a question of protecting the health of our citizens, and be strict in the use of antibiotics in animal feed. The
fourth point relates to young animals. Let me quote briefly from a speech I made almost three years ago, in June 2000: 'In the important advances achieved in CFSP in the last decade, the Member States have
not given the Commission a sole right of initiative; nor, in general, have they agreed to abide by majority votes; nor do they accept that Europe has 'occupied the space', reducing national freedom of
action? The delegation is led by Senator Gabriel Valdés, Chairman of the Senate's Foreign Affairs Committee. Macedonia was the victim first of the Communists and their successors, then it was the victim
of two different boycotts and then it was the victim of the war in Kosovo. A trial is taking place, moreover, in which Mr&#160;Vanunu is accused of having infringed these restrictions, and upon its conclusion
he runs the risk of receiving another prison sentence. Because - and we are all saying it - you want the European Union to successfully resolve problems that you are no longer able to resolve at national
level but, at the same time, you want to give the resources for the task not to the European Parliament, but to the European Union. At the meeting to discuss the compromise, one of the members of the Group
of the Party of European Socialists recommended that Falun Gong be excluded from this resolution, asserting that it was something other than a religion. (PL) Madam President, terrorism is a clear evil -
it strikes at the life and health of citizens and conveys a threat to nations by cutting at the foundations of their democratic functioning; so far, however, the terrorists have stayed ahead of the game,
striking without warning and sadly often succeeding. The logical consequence of this is to restrict radiation exposure to doses even lower than naturally occurring levels, which means the levels of radiation
to which we are always exposed. However, your proposals also include more extensive quota increases. It is right for these phenomena to occur, but it is right for them to be subjected to the stringent regulations
on the control of competition, regulations established by the treaty for some time, indeed by the Treaty of Rome, which, as I think we all know, the European Commission seeks to monitor very carefully,
as its main task. The difference is that the US and China have the bigger markets, as they offer better preconditions for competition, competitiveness, new services, products and innovations. This abdication
of responsibility by the politicians in favour of civil servants dishonours the Council and helps to explain much of what is wrong in Europe. I agree with the feeling which has just been expressed very
rightly by Mrs Oomen-Ruijten, and I must point out that the broadly negative vote of Parliament, even though it might ease everybody' s consciences, nevertheless leaves intact the considerable problems
which have led to the creation of the committee and which have, furthermore, only increased since it was created, as the events of last weekend have shown once again. At the same time, it is important to
bear in mind the vital role the regions play and must play in cohesion policy. We are all aware of the very high costs involved in carrying out decommissioning of nuclear power plants in a safe and professional
manner. I now turn to the House. Coordinating EU funding and actions is clearly a better way for us to achieve our common goals, as opposed to individual actions. I think there is a political will to do this
but it needs to be done in a coordinated manner and this is where an effort has been initiated by the Commission: Commissioner Malmström is working on the matter with the Member States, and I hope the
European Council later this month will confirm our thinking. For this reason, we regret that the German presidency did not follow the European Parliament's recommendation to the Council to carry out a pilot
study for a European civilian peace corps. That is a question to which I have not yet found the answer. That is the reason for my question to the European Commission and the Council: what specific forms
of cooperation and monitoring are envisaged so that the countries at the bottom of the table and the middle-rankers catch up with the front-runners, thus ensuring that enough public funding is available
to deliver Europe's contribution to fulfilling the Millennium Development Goals? At the moment, teachers are seconded from Member States to teach in the European schools for a certain period of time after
which many of them go back to their own Member States. We must correct that anomaly. However, in high-level meetings, as in our daily contacts with our partners, we are confronted with the fact that the
European Union is little understood in India and its role hardly acknowledged. This House has for years supported all these organisations; it even founded some of them. During this year's budget process
we have already received proposals from the Commission on use of the flexibility instrument in three cases. I would like to address Mr. Daul. The question of whether it is possible to receive a salary as
a member of the ECB Executive Board and to receive at the same time a pension from a previous job has been answered three times with a definite 'yes'. The Presidency must do everything in its power to fulfil
the final objectives. It really is time to stop the illusion that suggests that European Union competitiveness can somehow be invented at annual spring European Union summits. The people of Burma have expressed
democratically their wish for a fairer deal and their voice must be heard by their government. These are the challenges and the options and direction we have to take. My interest arises from the fact that
the economic area in the region continues to be fragmented and isolated and its regional and European integration continues to be hampered. Paragraph 11, which calls for the setting-up of a central point
of coordination for CSR, is problematic, as are paragraphs 39 and 55, which advocate the appointment of an ombudsman for CSR. He deliberately put the BSE dossier under wraps for at least two years. It is
true, however, that the conflict of man with his heart is the noblest sort of struggle. Of these 46 amendments, 33 were accepted as they stood - and at this point I must pay tribute to the Council and the
mediation by the Commission - and we can say that this vote will, or should, mark the successful completion of a broadly consensual legislative process. Not only has she finally put the spotlight on the
women in Afghanistan, but she has given International Women's Day a new impetus, and made the women's movement stronger than before. &#160;&#160; Mr&#160;President, ladies and gentlemen, As I see it, this
is the very essence of the Lisbon Strategy; the awareness that we are dealing with three dimensions, rather than just one, and that we need to identify these dimensions and take them into account in every
policy we adopt in the future. Normally I would have thought that we would vote on the most far-reaching amendments first, so I would ask you to use the power that you have according to Rule 19 in the Rules
of Procedure and change the order of the vote so that we vote on the amendments. Many aspects of social protection in Europe, of course, are still not given nearly enough consideration in terms of their
European dimension in many Member States. The EU as a whole must support and encourage cooperation agreements and information campaigns, not only on a linguistic and professional basis; the countries of
origin and transit must also be made aware of the risks taken by immigrants and of their deaths. Mr President, Commissioner, first may I extend my warmest congratulations to Mr Ferber and Mrs Haug on the
work which they have carried out. Locked up in a camp within walking distance of the gate to the other side. The authority of this House could play an important part if we were to have a major debate on
the Angolan situation and also on the whole of southern Africa. I regret having to tell you, Commissioner, that, when the Common Position came back to the committee, it was your representatives who said
that the Council may well have taken a conservative position, but that was the only big success we were going to get. Each of these institutions has its own specific competitiveness. However, if you think
it important to have precise figures on the employment situation in this sector, I shall gladly pass the matter on to my colleague Mr Flynn, who is the Commissioner responsible. Mr President, Mr President-in-Office,
I listened to your statement very carefully, Mr Verheugen. All anti-terrorist measures must be consistent with both international humanitarian law and international human rights law. Barriers still exist
and resistance to removing barriers is still very strong. We will now suspend the debate on agriculture. There has been no parliamentary inquiry in Ireland; there has been no parliamentary scrutiny of the
security services in Ireland and there has been no inspection of CIA planes. Even the code of conduct has as many explanations of exceptions as a Swiss cheese has holes, so considerable work remains to
be done there. In the report on individual complaints, it emerges, however, that there is insufficient transparency. I wish to emphasise how constructive it is that, in her report, Mrs&#160;Riis-Jørgensen
has also included a proposal for having tax incentives for new types of vehicle, for example hybrid cars or cars propelled by other fuels, as this would perhaps also lead to the motoring world being quicker
to take increased account of the environment. I am also conscious, as somebody who still has not managed to crack this system, of the difficulty for all of us in legislating for such a volatile and dynamic
medium. It is estimated that in 4% of cases SARS proves to be fatal. Obviously sectoral ministers, for example in the areas of scientific research, trade, agriculture and finance can make an enormous contribution
to the new relationship with African countries. This is why I think it is very important that the EEAS should be set up in a way which allows it to work very closely with the Commission and the Council
and to respect the need to be fully accountable to the European Parliament. We are therefore pleased that the Commission has adopted this objective and that it is being treated with the degree of gravity
that the Commissioner told us this fundamental issue deserves, so that we might be in harmony with the principles we are defending. Personally, I feel very strongly that there is a need for this. I understand
that General Motors has yet to discuss this plan with the workers' representatives, who are expected to make commitments in order to allow significant cost reductions to be made in Europe. Currently we
do not know what these additives are at Community level and, more importantly, why they are added to the product. Report (A5-0212/2000) by Mr Florenz, on behalf of the European Parliament Delegation to
the Conciliation Committee, on the joint text approved by the Conciliation Committee for a European Parliament and Council directive on end-of-life vehicles (C5-0258/2000 - 1997/0194(COD)) That does not,
of course, in any way restrict the Commission' s right under the Rules of Procedure to speak for as long as it likes! Certainly farmers are directly interested in recycling any waste left in the fields
which - we have already heard in what form - could become renewable energy and an incentive to saving. Unemployment, poverty and illiteracy are increasing. For this reason I am calling on the EU authorities
and on Member States to monitor the situation with care and to react decisively if the circumstances I have described should be repeated. We are concerned only with strengthening and deepening policies
that have been successful. It is the view of our delegation that a reduction in VAT in Denmark would have an extremely modest effect on employment combined with a problematic loss of revenue for the state. Supranational
EU parties are an artificial product which will never be financed through voluntary subscriptions but only by siphoning off EU funds. We must take more effective action in all areas of science, making recruitment
procedures and promotion requirements more transparent. I cannot see how the Council can now wash its hands of at least discussing the possibility of lifting those sanctions. 3. large-scale legal production
of morphine would lead to more drugs being produced; these would ultimately meet the demand for drugs on the world market. With reference to Mr Van der Waal's concern about the cumbersome administrative
burden of veterinary checks, and the question of the legislation itself, the Commission is working closely with the Member States, and I believe that we are already making some progress. We must remedy
this lack of consideration for a question that nonetheless affects peoples on five continents. The final proposal can surely yet be amended in such a way that it would really increase transparency. That
is why it is so important that Parliament should again send Canada a strong signal at this point. The Council therefore saw it as important that it should negotiate with your House in the substance of the
act and, in the same way as with the other instruments I have mentioned, to take on board Parliament’s concerns, even though this instrument is not subject to codecision. As it is industry that uses most
of the sugar, approximately 75%, price cuts would hardly be reflected in the consumer prices of manufactured products, but would mainly constitute a benefit to the sugar industry. Mr President, Madam Commissioner,
I come from a country which is not particularly rich, and which is on the edge of Europe. However, an essential component of this Regulation is transparency. Very many things are linked to this process. This
task is going to be far from easy, especially because the financial contribution, for the environmental targets alone, will reach EUR 58 billion. It was the right approach, but unfortunately Mr Santer has
not been able to deliver the goods. In Europe comprehensive school systems still work. How could you take something that is not yours? In the context of ever more expensive fuels, the importance of this directive
is increasing. The deadline for tabling amendments to this proposal was noon on Tuesday. The Swedish presidency will be remembered for this violence and this contempt, the contempt with which European leaders
have treated the result of the referendum in Ireland. I therefore take the view that the amendment of Protocol No 36 requested by the European Council stems directly from the new provisions of the Treaty
of Lisbon, and is a valid solution that will enable all those Member States entitled to additional seats to designate the MEPs concerned. In addition, the Commission's right of initiative and a majority
decision-making process in the Council should not be absent; that much is obvious. Here we have the commissioner responsible for the self-employed, Mr Papoutsis, and Mr Kinnock again is not present to defend
himself against the criticism which, Mr President, is far from gentle. The Council, the Commission and the Member States must make contact with young people so that their needs and priorities can be taken
into account when policy is being drafted. &#160;&#160; Mr President, I would like to express one regret: since we were dealing with a report assessing the actions of the Council, it would have been very
worthwhile and important for the Council to have been present last night. We cannot go on for ever having this battle about whose law shall apply. In this context, I must report a serious situation to this
House: the discrimination that the largest trade union representing flight attendants is experiencing in Italy, as the board of Alitalia is denying its right to take part in negotiations. And that is going
too far. I hope that this new directive will succeed in filling the gaps in the previous judicial framework and that the Anti-Trafficking Coordinator role is established within a clear legislative framework. So
I do not support some of the rapporteur's ideological statements which sometimes tend to demonize science and technology as consumers of resources and producers of social dislocation and risk to the very
survival of humankind, all the more so because, instead, technology continues to be the driving force in communication, development, and the production of material and non-material goods which improve
the duration and quality of life. It is in these countries too that we must try to consolidate our framework of principles and values. I can only recommend you dare more, delegate more. In recent times we
have seen the tragic deaths of many people who have fallen foul of the scourge of international human trafficking. In order to force the guilty oil companies to do this, we must confiscate all their assets
within the European Union, to make them pay immediately. Fourthly: in addition to a supply-orientated economic policy, should greater emphasis not be placed on a demand-orientated economic policy, i.e.
strengthening the European internal market through reduced import tax rates in the Member States? A second point I wish to raise, Commissioner, is the matter of pensions. This applies especially to key points
such as: the future revision of the priority substances list, which is now clearly linked to environmental quality standards and will be proposed within two years of the entry into force of this directive;
the list of candidate substances to be examined when the existing list is revised; and the criteria for the inventory of emissions, discharges and leaks, and for mixing zones. This directive provides a
response to several major concerns such as sustainable development, environmental protection and respect for the Kyoto commitments, but also with regard to diversifying our supply sources, reducing the
European Union' s reliance on energy and, lastly, the creation of new jobs. In order to reduce suffering and poverty, the GSP must be made more generous. I call on all my fellow Members from countries which
have not done so to work to make this a reality. We recognise on the one hand the risk of attracting more illegal immigrants, but on the other hand, we cannot turn our backs on the dismal situation of illegal
workers. It is a different refining process but it is not a different product. Up until then, nothing but a continuous fall in services was being recorded, not just in my region but across the whole of Poland. At
a time when we need a Social Agenda that is genuinely committed to social inclusion, what the Council did at the Spring summit moved in entirely the opposite direction – it restricted the objectives in
the area of social inclusion and the fight against poverty to children, sidestepping the fact that it is impossible to help children without changing the situation for adults. The EU should have been vocal
in condemning pharmaceutical giants who look on as people die an agonising death as a result of patents. If we are simply going to come here and make vague statements, perhaps we should turn our attention
to something else. Finally, we want, on the day after Helsinki, on 12 December, to be able to talk about a real European Summit, a Summit from which we can look out into the new millennium and not just
a mole-hill without a view. The problem appears to be solved but then, very soon after, the regional press reports - and there is a newspaper archive there that we can consult on this - that the European
Commission is putting pressure on stating that the agreement reached is not being completely fulfilled and that it is putting pressure on to cut production and jobs. It is time to remind Russia of what
we have given, and to demand favours in return. The people from the Danish Laboratory Technicians Association who have advised me, know where the shoes pinch. Mr President, I heartily endorse your words
of gratitude to Mr Newman. It can take years and even decades before discharged pollutants are identifiable in groundwater after seeping through the soil. It is worth remembering, Commissioner, that these
measures should not be limited to including only physical causes, such as vibrations, but should also take account of electromagnetic fields, noise and waves and optical radiation, for example, and also
bear in mind the transitional period needed to make the required adjustments arising from the adoption of these measures. Its success also depends, in large measure, upon labour-market policy and upon the
successful dissemination of science and technology. I would ask the European Parliament to support that wish. In addition, it is no doubt the case that with the removal of fish for industrial purposes the
food source for other predators, such as cod, is reduced. Unfortunately we did not succeed, but I believe that if we could not do it, with all the patience and determination with which we pursued these
decisions to the last, nobody else could have done it either. I am thinking firstly of the free movement of goods and persons, the Monti proposals. Even Commissioner Verheugen believes that the current CE
marking may be a little confusing. The vote needs to be as unanimous as possible so that, alongside the Commission, we can stand up to the new Czech Presidency and stress the need for it to move forward
in getting this directive approved. We believe this requirement is unrealistic in view of the very high cost and extremely long timescales involved in restoration to a near pristine standard. In the new
Member States the labour market has been hard hit by the development of hypermarkets and supermarkets, especially those built in town centres and on large housing estates. In that case, an approach simply
has to be made in order to develop this dialogue appropriately. It is basically concerned with checking functions, as this Directive contains a large number of technical details relating to vehicles, loads
and roads. Therefore, we must know how to act in this respect and take measures that will preserve human life but that will not condemn a sector that employs a large labour force. You see, celebrated and
truly beautiful women have for a long time used products made without experimentation on animals. But we believe that the chances and opportunities for the Union and its institutions can, in the end, overcome
those concerns. I would like to stress again: terrorist attacks are not directed against airlines, they are directed against states. In view of these facts, I believe that the European Commission must consider
the means required to devise urgently and adopt suitable measures for easing the difficult economic situation which many European fishermen are in, also taking into account the financial difficulties currently
facing a number of countries which have large fishing fleets. I also wish to thank the French Presidency for the good, fair negotiations. The European Union Charter of Fundamental Rights (2000) explicitly
recognises the rights of children as fundamental to European values. My report makes a number of recommendations: simplified, liberalised and more flexible rules of origin, full duty-free, quota-free market
access for the ACP, workable safeguards, dispute settlement and monitoring mechanisms with transparent provisions and a real power to act in the event of changes caused by EPAs having a harmful effect
on sectors of ACP economies. It is clear from the report that an important part of the European Union's drive towards integration is to ensure social convergence. These Community measures must also encourage
users to have greater trust in the online environment. In the new Member States, the length of working time is just barely above the European average, but the actual number of hours worked annually is 112
more, almost three weeks more, than in the existing States. &#160;&#160; Mr&#160;President, Mr&#160;Solana, coincidentally, elections have taken place recently in several unsettled parts of the world such
as Belarus, Ukraine, Palestine and Israel. I am very grateful for the opportunity to contribute to this debate on behalf of the Council and the presidency. Mr President, let us send out a very clear and
unequivocal message from this Parliament today that violence has no role of any description in solving the problems of a divided people. The objective is to involve everyone in a peace process, every zone
in the area, every country and every effort they can make towards it. Fortunately, they have now made a start - better late than never - on putting their affairs in order. (PT) Mr President, Commissioner,
ladies and gentlemen, Qimonda's difficult situation has been made worse by the emergence of the financial and economic crisis. In the end I hope no injury was done to any particular interests. Individuals
suffer needless pain and death owing to limited medical services and treatment. The economic crisis has helped increase the unemployment rate to 10%. What is the Committee on Budgetary Control asking for? It
is much easier to do this in a situation in which the committees as well as fellow Members of other parties stand behind me, so that we make it clear to our partner institutions that Parliament insists
most decidedly on these issues. I hope that, when this new version of the Prospectus Directive comes up for review in a few years' time, we will be able to establish a link between the Prospectus Directive
and the Market Abuse and Transparency Directives, and that we might perhaps go so far as to choose, in terms of non-equity securities, not the home market, but another Member State of the European Union
as a starting point for emission. &#160;&#160; . – Mr President, I congratulate the rapporteur, Mrs Fraga Estévez, on her hard work on this legislation. One might rightly regard these other directives as
being in need of improvement, but this amendment has nothing to do with those directives. This practice has to be stopped and strict adherence to the regulation must be observed in all Member States. The
Treaty prohibits any harmonisation of Member States’ legislative and regulatory provisions in this area. Regarding enlargement, this year' s Annual Report has a new chapter dealing with pre-accession aid
for which a separate financial perspective heading exists from 2000 onwards. I do not know on what criteria that decision to exclude all of the other languages was taken. The European Securities and Markets
Authority will quickly gain power thanks to the role reserved for it in decisions that are taken or that will be taken: the proposal to put the supervision of credit rating agencies at European level,
the draft regulations on over-the-counter derivatives and short-selling, and then the Credit Default Swaps, adopted just a few days ago. It presented an image of unity and consistency, and it supported
the use of firmness, depending on the circumstances. I have regularly attacked Mr McCreevy in the House on the issue of hedge funds and private equity. Fundamentally, however, the Johannesburg Summit produced
no clear and objective definition of the direction to be taken in order to achieve the realisation of the central objective of the summit, and which it took, incidentally, as its motto: sustainable development. Activities
are reduced or withdrawn in order to avoid making private profit, and these are still just as essential to the population. &#160;&#160; I thank the Council for that very comprehensive response. Dr Ayman
Nour was sentenced to five years’ imprisonment for the alleged crime of falsifying his political party’s registration documents. In the latest edition of Der Spiegel, I have read the statements by Henry
Kissinger, the former US Secretary of State, which concluded: 'Europeans do not want to understand'. I agree that it is a shame that the amendments cannot be accepted at this stage but I note the Commission's
intention to accept the two main amendments, Nos 3 and 4, in the context of the general revision of Regulation 1408/71 which will come forward later this year. Far from seeking to favour large corporate
groups, competition policy is actually intended to protect smaller operators from practices that distort competition. Furthermore, Regulation No 1250 from 1999 lays down that the Structural Funds shall
contribute to removing inequalities between men and women and to promoting equal opportunities in the context of strengthening economic and social cohesion. In many Member States liberalisation of the postal
services has resulted in considerable problems in this sector. In its future proposals, the Commission also intends to maintain the existing situation whereby, under Article 107, the Commission may request
Member States to take temporary measures immediately where urgent action to protect public health is necessary, without recourse to any committee procedure; it will continue recourse to the management
procedure referred to in Articles 4 and 7 of Decision 1999/468/EC for the adoption of any other decision of an individual nature in relation to marketing authorisations for medicinal products. What we do
not support, on the other hand, is research concerning fusion. So we should learn to control our tendency to legislate to an unreasonable degree. Mr President, I would simply like to say that the Committee
on Budgets has taken no decision in this field. The EU will maintain its strong commitment to Macedonia and will actively support a government amenable to reforms. What is the Commission's position on binding
minimum standards in these important areas? As I say, these agreements make matters still worse. Europe needs improved transport links now. On 15 November last, the Council laid down the present common position. It
is extraordinary that the USA's bilateral embassy to Belgium is still double the size of its mission to the European Union. The Commission believes the European Union should pursue dialogue with Guatemala
on key issues relating to the implementation of the peace accords, particularly as the country gears up for the general elections scheduled for the end of 2007. What was proclaimed five years ago as the
remedy for ethnic cleansing has proved to be the opposite. There is a saying that a revolution devours its own children. In addition, there was reference to opening up competition in strategic web markets,
and to the increasing penetration of the Internet into schools, businesses, public administrations and homes. It will be important to identify where the function of one begins and ends and dovetails with
the other. I also firmly believe that by next year, that is, even before the directive comes into force, importers will begin to select very carefully the factories - Chinese or otherwise - from which they
will import toys into Europe. Countries with the highest undeclared work may well be recording the highest official unemployment figures, thereby attracting the highest offsetting regional funds. I am not
saying that it fully supports the new paradigm, but it at least contains the seeds of a new paradigm, in particular, in paragraph 2, which states: 'Believes that there is an urgent need for radical policy
reform to address the systemic causes of the food and financial crisis by putting in place new democratic, transparent regulations for international trade as well as for the international financial system'. It
aims to allow written declarations to be signed by up to five Members, in order to take account of the fact that within Parliament there are many collective actions and that it must also be possible for
written declarations to be submitted by several Members. We may actually be witnessing the birth of a new form of European political public opinion transcending national boundaries. The proposal to extend
Regulation 117/70 deserves Parliament's support since it is just this type of aid to combined transport which we believe is in line with the European Union's future transport policy. Relations between the
European Union and this region must therefore be particularly prudent and positive and at the same time help towards a negotiated and peaceful solution to the problems which are the result of an immediate
past originating in the Cold War, as well as the colonial past. We have reached the most serious level of global famine since 1970. By permitting migration, the EU has imported problems from every conceivable
quarter, including honour killings, forced marriages and domestic violence in patriarchal family structures. But from the experience we have had on other previous occasions which I do not need to quote,
when the Commission has tried to do that but has failed, we must be very cautious before putting that type of decision into practice. I agree with the rapporteurs’ recommendation to simplify and make more
transparent the eight-level reference scale that constitutes its basic element. This is a text which, if approved, after the statements by the spokesperson of the Commission President defending Mr Frattini,
would cause an unseemly conflict between Parliament and the Commission for internal political reasons. I am fairly sure that we will have made further progress when we discuss it again next year. The Bilbao
agency has succeeded in encouraging the process of spreading best practice effectively. The annual turnover of ECU 350 billion, which is equivalent to between 3 % and 4 % of total European GDP, offers a
good basis for the future. On the other hand, we differ from the Commission in that we feel that the essential features of the current programmes must be preserved, because the results have been satisfactory,
even though the expectations aroused far exceed what the budget for the programmes has allowed. In the ICO, this initiative is greatly supported by the coffee producing countries. This, together with the
fact that so many of our French and Irish colleagues are not here today, is why we would urge you to postpone the report to the second part-session in June. In particular, patients living in rural areas
or isolated locations are forced to travel tens of kilometres to receive specialist healthcare services. &#160;&#160; . – Mr&#160;President, this is a very important vote. If there is an electricity price
increase, if there are energy poor, you can rebate part of the increase of the electricity price. Moreover, Islam has been practised for centuries, but women have not always been suppressed to the same
degree, not as severely as now. Fifteen minutes’ speaking time, therefore, for the institutions and the rest for Parliament seems legitimate to me. The first is the replacement of the word 'review' by the
word 'examination' as the English translation of the German Überprüfung; this is only a linguistic adjustment. We need, therefore, to function fully in this multilingual environment, because it defines
us and provides us with a link to citizens. Today we are discussing Angola and, according to the World Wildlife Fund, this deal will strip a vulnerable African coastal community of a precious asset. Consequently,
from a business point of view alone, their situation is much more difficult than that of large agricultural undertakings in exposed locations. We have taken many concrete steps in that direction in both
cases, through our common position in Cuba and the measures we have taken against Iran and Libya. I thank Mrs van den Burg for her very stimulating report and the considerable effort that has gone into
producing it. The market is conditioned by unprecedented concentrations of people in urban areas, abandonment of agriculture for the tertiary sector and the use of basic food products in other complex elements
of the food chain, such as livestock. Having said that, I am inclined to accept the inclusion of a commitment to revise the text. Therefore, I tell you straight: if you propose that and renounce all requirements
and all commitments in relation to human rights and democracy with all the countries of the Mediterranean, that will be the guaranteed outcome. &#160;&#160; Around one in every four Europeans (totalling
approximately one&#160;million per year) will fall victim to cancer. I would like to stress particularly that these proposals aim to increase the competitiveness of the textile industry. They are a moral
example. That applies to the question, which has already been raised, of the excessively long transitional periods for the free movement of workers just as much as to the lack of clarity that is now emerging
over transfers to agriculture. We expect the new Commission to restructure the Posting of Workers Directive. Africa must be constructed by and for Africans. However, concerning this point I would like to
say that it can probably be solved with the right will. I ask the Council: where are the necessary funds, the majority of which must be provided by the Member States? In fact, important questions still remain
open, such as, in particular, how oil revenues are to be controlled, what the future of the oil for food programme will be, what will happen to the contracts signed by the previous regime, how the weapons
of mass destruction will be located, what will happen when UNMOVIC returns and others. The European Parliament should react to this. I think you are quite right about this being an opportunity to launch
a campaign to make European citizens aware of the importance of this relationship, the longest-standing one that the Union has had with third countries. We need to know who is responsible and who needs
to pay for such accidents. With regard to the Euromed Free Trade Area, its creation by 2010 was a realistic objective, and within the next year we will have made considerable progress towards this, although
there clearly still remains much to be done to fully realise the potential of economic integration in the Euromed area. But, at the same time, the CSP scheme acts as a good consultancy function for small
NGOs in particular and as such is essential. The responsibility for aid is, and should remain, a matter for the Member States. However, in order to facilitate this, we have to improve women's access to education
and training in the agricultural sector and allow them to gain better access to direct payments. Europe must set the standard in this area, and we are making every endeavour to ensure that this new undertaking
gets off to a good start. I welcome this report calling for the Commission to approve the reform of the system of reduced rates of VAT, more specifically with regard to the experimental application of reduced
rates of VAT to certain labour-intensive services. In response to your comments on Sierra Leone, Mr Robles Piquer, the Commission is following events there very closely, particularly the recent fighting
between the rebel forces, including the Revolutionary United Front, and the soldiers from the old Sierra Leone army supported by the ECOMOG regional intervention troops. Amendment No 8 refers, inter alia,
to the Dublin Group's definition. At the moment, we are not looking into exactly who in each of the Member States should foot the bill. The Irish people has spoken on Nice and its decision will be respected. This
policy continues to this day. We can do a lot and we must. For the Group of the European People’s Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats, it is in no way an obligatory exercise but rather a wholehearted
and warm word of thanks, one that is sincerely meant. For example, of the nine people removed from Teeside in north-east England since 2007 and taken to Kinshasa, seven report that they have been interrogated,
imprisoned, sexually abused or tortured. Today there are a significant number of countries that are embarking on the democratic process. What legal or other action is the Commission preparing in response
to the threat which that law poses to international law and to the legitimate activities of sovereign states in international waters? Greenhouse gases are currently on the agenda, and the effects of climate
change can be seen in the news, in the form of the floods in Germany and Austria. Many sceptics along the way must have aroused justified anger in you. (FR) Madam President, I am going be fairly brief, although
I listened carefully to all the speeches and I thank the European Parliament for showing true support for this effort to give the asylum policy the full scope it needs for all the world's persecuted people. The
reform is in fact important for Parliament. I believe that we can expect a fruitful cooperation with all groups. On an economic level, the situation is on balance positive. Please, let us stop getting so
worked up over sexual harassment, and finally, in this area as in others, let us not ignore the principle of subsidiarity. We have never tried this tactic before. At the same time, though, it has to be said
that my committee – unlike the lead Committee – actually takes the view that we should welcome the outcomes of the Commission’s negotiations on air transport, to prevent matters being made more difficult
at this present time for people travelling back and forth, and that, here too, we should seek a practical approach in order thereby to strengthen relations even in the age of terrorism. Administrative and
tax obligations, just think, for example, of VAT, have become almost unbearable. on paragraph 25 in writing. - (LT) Ladies and gentlemen, the waste crisis in Campania has been a headache for politicians
for several decades now. The growing need for available transplant organs in a context of cross-border exchange and of significant differences among the transplant systems adopted by the various Member
States requires cooperation and common regulations regarding the quality and safety of the organs to be strengthened. But you say that this paragraph was adopted. They refer to the concept of 'Euro-Mediterranean
citizenship' . It may seem a long time ago since we saw the pictures of the burning pyres on the front pages of newspapers in all those Member States affected. In the run-up to the Council of 22 January
the South African leader of the negotiations, the trade minister Mr Erwin, sent a letter to Commissioner Pinheiro in which he actually categorically rejected any amendment of the compromise reached in
Davos. Sometimes these companies, unable to go on, come to our department and tell us, in confidence, what is going on in their sector. For example, on human rights, the European Union uses diplomatic channels
to address the most serious violations, including, for instance, the cases of prisoners of conscience. Full employment and increased competitiveness will be achieved through economic reform and open and
functioning markets, combined with a healthy macro-economic policy which stimulates growth and employment. This north-south cooperation must also be a part of our overall policy of development cooperation:
human rights, the environment and the role of women all have their place, but I tell you, the most important requirement of all is action to tackle and defeat dependence on the drugs trade, the drugs industry,
drug manufacturing. On one hand, I wish to congratulate Mr Soulier on his report on nuclear industries in the European Union. Recently this strategy was stepped up, as a response to enlargement to the East,
with the neighbourhood policy. (PT) I broadly share the rapporteur's concerns about the environment as well as her commitment to the common project. In answering this question, we must bear in mind that
most authors, composers and performers live off the revenue they generate with copyright. That could be an objective reason for saying that the price differential is such and such. In practice, of course,
this situation is shamelessly exploited. We should be making broad strokes, not fiddling about at the edges, and not just with Culture 2000. This may be promoted by the contracts involving the Millennium
Development Goals. Of course, that has its merits for day-to-day administration, but in our opinion, this should not win out over the need to insure oneself against major nuclear risks. It should be remembered
that Parliament recently dedicated a great deal of attention to the issue, over several months, and mobilised the resources and the good will to gain a better understanding of these phenomena, to identify
the causes and to propose short-, medium- and long-term solutions to reverse this appalling situation. &#160;&#160; Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the spring summit has been a success. Mr President,
Madam Commissioner, misuse of a term has repeatedly occurred during this debate. That is obvious and I am very happy about Mr Graefe zu Baringdorf’s clear support for it. The Commission insists on codes
of good practice and voluntary agreements: give businesses, petrol stations and travel agents enough room to manoeuvre. I am told that progress was far too slow and there was far too much bureaucracy. I
would finally like to say that we are opposed to the application of the protocol annexed to the Treaty of Nice that states that, from the point when the European Union has 27 Members, the number of Commissioners
will be less than the number of Member States, which would deny some of them any representation within that institution. In this context, we also welcome all initiatives aimed at fostering greater investment
in research and development, at promoting innovation and at improving access to funding, which is one of the key problems that these businesses have to face. Whilst we gave our support to the rest of the
reports, I would like to make a particular reference to a report on which our group, the Group of the Europe People's Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats, abstained - the Morgan report. Mr
President, this is why it is pleasing that the compromise proposal which is under consideration here is not aimed at such a development at all. Parliament has played a very important role in this process,
through the Caudron report at the first reading of the Framework Programme. I would respectfully suggest that we have much more hope of building Europe in the direction we would wish if we do so on the
basis of our hopes and dreams, rather than simply our memories and our past achievements. It goes on to say: '... the future of all countries in the region lies in the EU'. Finally, it has to be said that,
historically and geographically, Kosovo poses some very particular difficulties. Why do we want to bring a sector into line that depends a great deal on the quality of its production at all costs, for the
benefit of a handful of multinationals? Well, no national parliament would have ever accepted a report with asterisks or censorship from a bureaucracy to a directly elected parliament. I think that is where
we should now concentrate our efforts. This, too, is a self-perpetuating stigma, which is untenable. In this context, what steps can the Commission take to establish common guidelines and codes of conduct
for EU Member States when they are faced with this threat in Iraq and beyond? Secondly, we must realise what we are doing. Having said that, it has to be acknowledged that Turkey still does not fulfil all
the objective criteria that would enable it to aspire to be a full member of the Union, and that the reforms that it has recently been making will take time to have the expected results. We may disagree
in other areas, but here we are strong and united. The famous enlargement fatigue says more about the lack of preparation of the present states - of the old Member States, unprepared to live together with
the new Member States - rather than the indigestible character of the new Member States. I will say a few words in French as comments have been made in French on substances. The aim should then be to include
them in the partnership agreements that are to be established with each Member State. I welcome the rapporteur's flexibility: we jointly presented proposals for amendments concerning Russia and Central
Asia. Would he agree with me that a suitable limited extension could be five or six years? on behalf of the PPE-DE Group. - (FR) Mr President, Commissioner, rapporteur, first I would like to express my thanks
to the rapporteur, Anne Van Lancker, and to the members of the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats for the high standard of consultation we engaged in together
to come up with this text, which sums up our shared convictions and the way we would like to see the Employment Guidelines change. I could therefore also say how commendable this is, and how grateful we
are to have been granted these powers. I would, however, like to point out to the Commission that this does not help everybody. Now, Mr Obama is the new President of the United States and he values Europe
- he says that we are important allies. This entails the capping of high company allowances and a systematic protection of small- and medium-size businesses. The trend towards the elimination of many forms
of discrimination faced by disabled people is a welcome one. There is no doubt that the compromise we reached on the authorisation chapter represented a last-ditch effort at reaching an agreement. When it
came to bluefin tuna, the European Parliament voted for a moratorium without worrying about the damage that this would cause to the Adriatic fleets. That is why this is the right time to talk about it. Do
you wish to speak in favour of the proposal? This should prompt the creation of a tax, by each Member State, imposed solely on extraordinary and speculative profits in order to bring these into the State
coffers, which can then help to support the sectors and people most affected by the situation. We expect that further decisions will be conditional on an exhaustive and independent investigation. We thought
that, during the ‘pause for reflection on the Constitution’, we might have had some answers, but we have not. These are the questions that affect the day-to-day life of our citizens, and our partnership
should address them. As for what Mrs Andrikiensaid, I am sorry, but Hungary has received financial aid. The report emphasises that gender mainstreaming is a positive development both for women and for men
and that the requirement for gender equality must make itself felt through a practical approach which does not pit women and men against each other. We must make use of all we have learnt when working on
our budget for 2006. The Commission services are carrying out an evaluation, in collaboration with the International Atomic Energy Agency in Vienna, particularly in terms of security at nuclear installations. The
Independence and Democracy Group has requested that an oral question to the Commission be included, presented by Mr Farage, on the Commission’s procedure for preventing any risk of conflict of interest. As
far as the scope of the directive is concerned, I am pleased to say that, thanks to good mutual cooperation, we have reached an acceptable wording. The greatest step forward, however, will be taken in the
planned Euro 6 step and affects diesel passenger cars. The World Trade Organisation condemned the system of licences in force, which must undoubtedly be modified. The second figure concerns the average hourly
speed of railways in Europe, which is 16 kilometres per hour. Is not an industrial policy for the pharmaceutical sector reminiscent of the planning we used to see in the iron curtain countries? We have broad
consensus on the need for reform, and now we are deliberating on how we can proceed and what sort of reform there should be. In conclusion I should like to stress that the Commission will continue to keep
the health cards issue under constant review and will report to the House if there are any developments which may improve the prospects for their generalized introduction. I am pleased to note that the
consensus reached at the negotiations meeting between Parliament and the Council on 21 November 2006, finalised at the tripartite meeting on 28 November, has now been incorporated in the 2007 budget. (NL)
Unlike trains or buses, aircraft are completely dependent on the uninterrupted operation of their engines for their safety. As the rapporteur has recalled, ASEAN as a whole is the EU's fifth largest trading
partner. The vast majority of us - that is, the majority of this Parliament - have spoken up for human rights and for the cultural autonomy of Tibet. Mr President, on a point of order, Members of this House
will have different points of view about the question being debated, but you, as our President, have the right, and indeed the duty, to advise colleagues as to how they may express those views which they
have the right to express. Nor, perhaps, are the programmes we present reliable. Mr President, I am indeed aware of the letter which Mr Barón Crespo sent to the President's office concerning his unfortunate
and malicious statements of yesterday, and confirming them in exactly the same terms as in his speech. This would also reinforce pan-European cooperation in this sphere instead of weakening it, as there
is a danger of the EU Charter doing. On 1 December, the Commission adopted a communication specifying the measures that it will present in the coming months, as well as an initial directive containing some
of these measures. I have personally heard the Maltese authorities saying that Libya allowed a number of boats to depart in awful conditions and that subsequently the Maltese navy was forced to go out and
find and save the poor people who were being exploited by the smugglers. There can be no doubt that there is an urgent need for the harmonisation of patent law, among other things with regard to inventions
made using computers. As long as our old people have to finance our young people who cannot find work and are increasingly few in number, there will only be two possible roads left open to us: let other,
non-European, people drive our growth or surrender ourselves to the flywheel of international finance, which can make our capital productive. That is why I should like to spell out once again that we must
not throw out the baby with the bathwater, but that we must strike a good balance instead; I agree that bee diseases should be highlighted in EU veterinary policy, both to highlight the importance of bees
and also to have a policy and to monitor the population across Europe. For us, the aim is that this measure, which has now essentially already improved safety, is not just extended to Europe and European
passengers, but is adopted worldwide. Article 9 of Council Framework Decision 2003/568/JHA on combating corruption in the private sector requires Member States to transmit to the Council and the Commission
by July 2005 the text of provisions transposing its obligations into national law. On what information is this prediction based? There has been a European Union rule for more than a year now which leaves
it up to the Member State to decide whether access to certain outstanding sporting events is free. Anyone familiar with the situation in the area knows that after nine years of UN supervision and 20 years
of discrimination before that, Kosovo could not just return to being part of Serbia. Instead, they delay this crucial decision. It is inevitable that such an incongruity must come to an end, and this must
form part of an action plan on the part of the European Union. Of course, Mrs Smet, who has brought forward this report, having picked it up from the last Parliament, has to accept that as a former Council
member she had to accept the common position of the Council which she now rejects. This is what we want, and, I think, what Parliament wants too. We should also remember that whatever laws or whatever rules
we make will apply to an enlarged Community where economic convergence will be much less than what it is today. That is why I regret that we did not adopt a more radical resolution. According to the Organisation
for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), at least 20% must be earmarked for basic social services. Green Paper on better ship dismantling ( Why did not the Commission put its own stamp on this idea? What
would become of a society in which science did not occupy its rightful place? Today, in the European Union, only three Member States, Ireland, Malta and the United Kingdom, have maximum rates of blood alcohol
greater than that value. By directing funds towards the more poorly developed countries and regions, the financial instrument has established itself as an important factor in achieving balanced development. We
strongly object to the deal that Prime Minister Blair cobbled together last Christmas at the European Council which reduced the single farm payments made to English farmers in order to fund rural development
schemes. That is why Commission reform is extremely important. I have listened very carefully to his views, which are the same views as those expressed by his prime minister, Mr Rasmussen, in a recent interview
in the Politiken newspaper. Gene transfer between organisms is, as we know, a common phenomenon in nature. And let us not, therefore, give it responsibility for running the rapid alert system and for communication
with the public. I was given my first amalgam-free filling 21 years ago, and it is still there. Therefore, we should not be putting any unnecessary obstacles in its way. The problem is not that we do not
have rails on which the train should be travelling but that we have not been able to get the train out of the station. No details were given on the types of arms that would be exported, their value, or
the decisions that would likely be taken regarding the other 44 licences. So you can see how absurd the situation would become if a vote could be reconsidered, and I think we would be well advised to go
on abiding by our Rules as they stand. Finally the consequences of the crisis are being felt more, in social terms, in the countries that do not have a sufficient social protection system or welfare state. To
that effect, we need to strike the right balance between the immediate and longer-term requirements of the fight against terrorism. I hope that in tomorrow's vote the various political groups can come to
an agreement in order to offer alternatives which will truly guarantee the protection of intellectual property in the information society, since in a few years time, all intellectual property will probably
be of the type that travels around the great communications networks. Secondly, we must review our agricultural practices. But our work should be serious, responsible and punctual, and if we are unable to
make progress on a specific matter at a certain time, we should explain why that is, or why we think we have to resort to a Green Paper. So in that respect some Finnish politicians and Finnish lobbyists
should stop dreaming, read the Directive and stick to the actual text. The vision of Schuman has been achieved. We as the European Union should not be left without a voice, as happened on Iraq. Council Directive
2003/48/EC on taxation of savings income in the form of interest payments is of particular note here. There we had 18 Members, and in the end you too accepted not having a place to enable the smaller groups
could participate. As Mr de Jong said, the procedures recast is about harmonising practices and raising standards across the EU. We could help install a legal government, and ensure that, once that legal
government is in place, it is also supported by effective administration. If only those who would not vote for this report would think about what Descartes said - and I will end with this quotation: ' I
do not approve at all of the fact that one should try to deceive oneself by revelling in false imaginings. For instance, if asylum seekers were allowed to work, they could escape the jibe of being welfare
scroungers, which is unfairly thrown at them and which gives such a bad start to their eventual integration if they get legal status. I support his desire to see research workers included in the proposal
and his comments about the importance of involving countries preparing to join the EU. We have confidence in diversity and we therefore believe in a Europe that respects the traditions of its Member States,
preserves their cultural heritage and safeguards their respective languages. What do we mean when we talk about human rights? The alarming thing about child pornography is not the fact that it is pornography,
in other words that it involves images of naked people involved in sexual acts. We need to ask questions about the responsibility of some European institutions, and not just the collective responsibility
of the institutions but who exactly is responsible for what. Even though we have not yet finished constructing all the economic building blocks, we are moving on from that kind of functionalist building
of Europe to a much more challenging political perspective. In view of the fact that one of the aims of EU regional policy is to create jobs in sectors which foster sustainable growth (and salmon-fishing
in the Torne river basin satisfies both these criteria), what does the Commission think should be done in this case? We wish the Sudanese people the very best of luck. That is a useful idea and we will certainly
follow it up. The challenge to humankind is to establish effective instruments of international government. This report takes a very important step in this direction by defining prohibitions on timber trading. The
purpose of transferring and processing data, such as ticket information, seat number, luggage details, route and payment type, is to prevent, investigate, detect or prosecute criminal offences, including
terrorism, within the framework of police and judicial cooperation on criminal matters. This enormous natural disaster has left 150&#160;000 dead in its wake, and more than 5&#160;million people homeless
and traumatised, who now have to face the challenge of picking up what remains of their devastated families, rebuilding their homes, restoring economic activities and, in short, trying to start their lives
again. All I could make out was that it was said that we must now engage again in negotiation. I would just like to point out that jobs are going to be lost not only on the production line but also, quite
understandably, in the trade sector where spare parts are sold, and of course in turn in the free-market factories which would no longer be able to operate to full capacity. External borders and Schengen I
am optimistic that further substantial progress can be made in the two remaining meetings during the British Presidency. With this scheme, we provide for the cheapest efficient method of reducing greenhouse
gases in the medium and long term. I would point out that 70-75% of accidents are caused by the human factor. Perhaps the Commissioner could say a few words on this. With regard to the issue of foreign policy,
we are waiting for the Amsterdam Treaty to be both ratified and implemented before deciding whether or not to reject the idea of 'positive abstention'. B5-0153/2000 by Mr Oostlander and Mr Posselt, on behalf
of the Group of the European People' s Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats, on the case of the Russian journalist Andrey Babitsky; The level of deficit should, therefore, depend solely on
the prevailing situation on a given date. I will finish with some words to my French colleagues. Liability must be full and complete and the court or tribunal must judge and decide freely, on the basis of
the real nature of each disaster. This lunchtime, the European Parliament has overall delivered a message that responds to the concerns of citizens in favour of agriculture being less dependent on pesticides,
sustainable and taking account of the health of farmers and other users. The next item is the debate on five motions for resolutions on South Korea - death penalty declared legal. It goes without saying
that product safety depends mainly on the manufacturers and importers who place products on the market. Nevertheless, I must express some reservations about its whole orientation and also about some speakers'
contributions to this discussion. The Commission will take a very close look at all the proposals made in the report. Turkey must embed the necessary reforms deep within its own society, and the reforms
must have an impact in real life. Now that we have been working off the inherited liabilities for several years, something that has consistently attracted media attention, it now seems to me that we are
tackling more systemic problems where it is not so much spectacular individual cases that are at stake, but rather whether systems are flawed in some way. I hope and pray that it will be a safe birth, knowing,
as I do, that in Europe we have access to the best medical facilities, trained staff and health services that minimise the risks to mother and child. A special summit must therefore be held after the European
elections, so that, in line with the parliamentary majorities that emerge from them, a candidate can be proposed who is likely to win Parliament's confidence. Its efforts are appreciated throughout the
Third World. The real reason lies in the exploitation of productive resources for the benefit of the plutocracy and in the strengthening of it within a climate of generalised privatisation. There is a need
to revise the regulation of the EGF to enable greater flexibility in the use of the resources provided, particularly with regard to the timeframe. We need to strengthen, develop and, I would argue, provide
autonomous funding for this opportunity for the European Union to publicise ECHO' s activities, for it is an unknown fact, for example, that it contributes over 50% to the budget of the Commissioner for
Refugees. I believe that particularly with training we can point the way Europe is going, and I think it is necessary for that reason to invest in this programme, and to make efforts in future to integrate
the new Member States into the training programme, passing on our knowledge to them. I believe that Mr Borg's visit to Spain has also been fundamental in terms of rectifying the Commission’s initial position
on southern hake and Norway lobster. (IND/DEM). - Mr President, today we are debating a resolution about humanitarian aid. The whole process supports stability and we should keep up the momentum. It is time
to say that the threats might change, but that human rights are inviolable. Smaller and smaller fish are being caught, often before they reach reproductive age, and they are becoming more and more difficult
to locate. The proposed marking of unprocessed Category 2 material, including manure, cannot be accepted for the same reasons. The European Parliament should debate and approve the new instrument that is
replacing the TACIS programme, even if currently Russia, the largest of the new States, is the focus of a just European Parliament initiative that has suspended the technological cooperation agreement
following the war begun against Chechnya. I voted in favour of the report by Ingo Friedrich today as it contains positive elements such as the monitoring and reporting procedure to review every six months
what has been done to ensure that the multilingual way of working in the European Parliament extends to the full range of official and working languages. In Germany, the responsibility lies with 16 federal
states and two ministries, which is too finely distributed for a European crisis. The truth is that people would prefer to be treated close to home. We trust that our relationship with China is strong enough
for us to be able to meet to address these challenges in the weeks, months and years ahead. I thank you for a number of useful comments and suggestions in this respect. The EU is Tunisia's first trading
partner: 72.5% of its imports come from the EU and the EU is the destination for 75% of its exports. The proposed technical devices for filtering programmes are not, however, without problems. Like many
others in this House, I am deeply concerned that the financial reference amount of EUR&#160;40&#160;million, earmarked by the Commission for 2006, is grossly inadequate. These limitations have given rise
not to peace but, at best, to an absence of war. In the interests of China we shall raise the question of human rights, and enlightened representatives of the Chinese political system would do well to listen
to us and to this resolution, which is in China's interests and which would help China to advance, something it cannot do unless it respects human rights. I should like to say very clearly from the outset,
to those who perhaps always assume the opposite of Parliament, that the majority of the European Parliament is in favour of IFRS, of a global standard, and of taking the same course on this, the right
course. There is a very fine balance between all of them and therein lies the rub, therein lies the concern; Global solidarity and concrete assistance, generously provided, are the right and dutiful response
of the international community. However, it is difficult to measure the qualitative criteria, the criteria at the core of the politicisation of the enlargement exercise. During Parliament’s debate the prevention
of forest fires was added to the group of activities to be funded out of the programme in the Commission proposal. This is the aim of the Europe 2020 strategy. I would like to promise Baroness Nicholson
every conceivable support in the efforts to apply common rules and bring common actions and negotiations with third countries to bear against the appalling problems of child abuse that Baroness Nicholson
has studied so thoroughly and drawn Parliament's attention to time after time. We have to wait and see what we will get from the next Presidency of the Council, and so the Culture Committee has taken the
liberty of going beyond the figures proposed by the Commission, and also a bit beyond those agreed by the Böge Committee. I would also draw attention to the fact that, according to Article 21 of the Treaty,
the EU is formally committed to effective multilateralism and to the role of the UN in particular. Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I want to thank you for a sound report and for the valuable
cooperation we have enjoyed during its preparation. Our committee is not proposing to move appropriations set aside under the URBAN initiative to be used for innovative measures: the compensating appropriations
have to be found elsewhere. Many Chinese people's quality of life has improved. The Group of the European People's Party and large sections of the Legal Affairs Committee therefore support the Commission
draft. Only effective fulfilment by all the parties to the Schengen acquis will allow effective abolition of the internal border controls with these Member States. Liberal Democrats welcome the importance
that the presidency has given to Europe's constitution. I should like to thank all those who helped to achieve it - my fellow Members of the European Parliament and particularly Brian Simpson, with whom
a 14-year friendship was forged by our joint efforts in the realm of postal services. I do not have time to dwell on the other elusive, moderate - too moderate - features of your programme: the environment,
health, justice, transport, security, the reckless enlargement of the Union which provoked criticism from your predecessor, Jacques Delors, the development of the on-line economy, which is one of the many
universal remedies for unemployment, and the protection of citizen consumers rather than consumer citizens. Against this background I, as rapporteur, put forward 100 amendments which were supplemented by
a further 100 from the committee members. Their honour also must be restored. &#160;&#160; Madam President, I have to say that I am not particularly interested in entering into a debate on this wall of shame
at the International&#160;Court&#160;of&#160;Justice. I cannot accept Amendment No 1, which aims to prevent employees from being "converted" to self-employed persons; At the Warsaw meeting of the joint parliamentary
committees of the European Parliament and the Polish Parliament on 22 January, and the analogous meeting held with Estonia in Brussels on 26 March, where the Italian presidency intervened at the political
level. It has to further evaluate the consequences of enlargement on community policy, with particular reference to agriculture and structural policy. If Parliament's intention is to make it possible to
do what can already be done, I think you would agree that there is no point in our producing a directive. The amount of USD 379 billion which, if it were up to President Bush, is being earmarked for the
Pentagon next year is more than seven times the total amount of development aid spent last year worldwide. It is a policy that will have enormous consequences, both in connection with security, and of an
economic, social and institutional nature for the functioning of the European Union, parameters which at the time of this debate are imponderable. President-in-Office of the Council. - Regarding the first
question, there have been numerous bilateral meetings during the autumn in order to try to facilitate and prepare for the negotiations. A fair and, indeed, generous deal with them remains the key to lasting
peace in the Middle East. Question No 7 by Vincenzo Viola (H-0246/99) Lastly, ladies and gentlemen, we must continue to liberalise the telecommunications, energy and transport sectors and guarantee better
financing for SMEs. I have therefore voted in favour of this proposal, not least because the congestion charge was included as an additional external cost for mountainous regions. They will have our unstinting
assistance. We have perhaps devoted too much of our attention to other energy policy issues over the last year, and I am grateful that security of supply has now returned more to centre stage. A new Europe,
on the other hand, must promote economic and social policies of national and Community protection and preferences, a family-friendly policy to encourage people to have children, and a foreign policy involving
development aid to third countries so that those countries, which are experiencing emigration on a massive scale, can stabilise their populations by significantly improving living standards. I have repeatedly
stressed that it is in the interests of citizens and companies for economic growth to be ecologically acceptable. Some might object that this approach is incompatible with the rules of the Treaty. I would
congratulate the European Commission on this proposal concerning the reuse and handling of public sector documents. The nuclear accident in Chernobyl is still having disastrous effects on the populations
of both Ukraine and neighbouring countries. With regard to the fast adoption of directives, the Commission totally agrees. This has been done in no less than 15 Member States and through the medium of 12
Community languages. The additional measures agreed by the Council are designed to apply both direct political pressure and indirect economic pressure on the Burmese military regime. We must implement active
employment policies in women's favour and revise social protection systems, with special consideration for older women and those with disabilities. The consolidated financial statements for the 2006 financial
year provide a true picture of the assets and liabilities and the financial position of the Communities and the results of their operations in that year with the exception of an overstating, in the statement
of assets and liabilities, of accounts payable and of the amount of pre-financing. Shipbuilding is a global industry. So, with these proposals the Commission found itself in the situation of seeking to establish
an appropriate balance between the interests of those supplying the commercial statistics on the one hand, and the users of the statistics on the other. It is worth noting that many products and services
currently available would not exist were it not for the commitment of public resources. I hope the Commission will answer these questions. 'Local production' is a phrase that I often hear used. Children's
books cover various environmental issues, such as the spiralling increase in waste, the destruction of the ozone layer, the greenhouse effect and climate change, the importance of preventing river pollution
and the importance of biodiversity. I trust that internally, the European Union will deal with its objectives itself, but how do we ensure dialogue with third countries and could the European Commission
somehow help individual countries to cooperate with neighbouring countries? The Commission does not have a blueprint for a certain kind of constitutional reform in Bosnia and Herzegovina but, at the same
time, we are certainly stakeholders as the European Union. The second part of his report is more ambitious and hence contentious, questioning the mechanics of the way in which the Treaties - and hence the
quasi-constitution - is changed. Nevertheless, the results must in future be better balanced and be presented more quickly, in my opinion, so that conclusions can be drawn without delay. They do not want
the Socialist regulation-based model but a model based on being open, laying the ground for a level playing field and a social Europe, meaning jobs, growth, opportunities and cross-border integration. The
Delegation is led by Mr Ali Al-Debaqbasi and has come to Strasbourg to meet with Members of our House. Mr President, Commissioner, I would like to support Mr Fiori's report, which I think has struck the
right balance. The time allowed for the firts part of Question Time has come to an end. China has flooded the European market with seemingly low-cost products which in fact come with a very high price tag. The
Bureau considered the matter yesterday. In such an eventuality, it would also make sense, of course, for the Union to have the recovery powers. In future, there must be a series of stress tests so that dangerous
nuclear power plants can be shut down immediately. Basically, the exercise is very successful for those who carry out the studies. All that the Commission can do in its contacts with the Swiss side is to
express the view that it would seem to me to be very much in the Swiss interest to do the utmost to settle the issue in a satisfactory manner and, indeed, in a way that would satisfy those who have spoken
in this House. I am left perplexed by the implications that this new category will have, since it will also include - or at least seems to include - the regions that currently are neither converging nor
competing. It is also innovative in that, as a framework directive, it is combined with the use of codes of conduct. The best way we can do that is by setting standards that can command the admiration of
the whole world. The Dalai Lama, when he visited Parliament, was very clear on that point: Tibet must have full and complete independence, even though the Dalai Lama, in the interests of promoting a dialogue
with the Chinese authorities, was willing to give way on defence, security and foreign policy. It was this opening up that caused the retaliation by Putin's Russia, which, amongst other things, has always
favoured the independence movements in South Ossetia and Abkhazia. If the SEA is to be a genuinely useful tool, the directive must be sufficiently broad in scope and the environmental report and the assessments
must naturally be of very high quality. It has been clearly demonstrated that this policy is not successful. As far as we are concerned you can already get to work on getting the Council moving, at least
in relation to these points, which would then make an agreement in June possible. Ladies and gentlemen, I must not end without mentioning in particular shellfish gatherers, the majority of whom are women
of over 50 years old whose health suffers directly as a result of their work and who in many cases do not have the right to unemployment benefits, to health services or to job security. By favouring an
ideological vision of the CFSP, it is condemning itself to impotence. The great inequalities and different focuses, according to the Member State involved, also left their impression on me. If we can now
manage to speak with one voice on energy, that is a step along the path to speaking with a united voice on all foreign policy issues. In particular, more work is needed in order to arrive at a shared level
of ambition on agreeing the contents of the negotiation, as well as an ambitious but realistic outcome. I therefore welcome the Galileo project and recommend that the Chamber support the proposal to implement
its deployment and operating phases. Then, in December 1994, a further institutional agreement was reached on the official consolidation of legislative texts. We are not saying ‘create it’, but that there
is a pressing need. Is it possible, prior to the changeover, to buy euros electronically, for example through transactions on the Internet whereby certain quantities are set aside. So, I wish you good luck,
Mr Zapatero. Report (A4-0173/97) by Mr Sturdy, on behalf of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural development, on the proposals for 16 Council regulations on the prices for agricultural products and related
measures 1997-1998 (COM(97)0089 - C4-0114/97 to C4-0129/97-97-0087(CNS) to 97/0089(CNS), 97/0091(CNS) to 97/0094(CNS) - 97/0096(CNS) to 97/0102(CNS), 97/0905(CNS) and 07/0906(CNS)) The UK will be granted
bluetongue-free status, but farmers will still be allowed to vaccinate their animals against the deadly disease. This must include, as a minimum, an automatic Parliamentary right to subject any WTO deal
to assent and much greater access to the negotiating briefs discussed within the Council. The Dary report, the Westendorp opinion and the Fernández Martín opinion ask the Commission to adapt so as to conform
to international law, not to go beyond what it is laid down by the World Trade Organisation, to negotiate and, furthermore, to take account of the fact that, if we give in on this point, we are going to
give in on other more important points, such as the maintenance of social and environmental policy requirements on a global level, which is how we stand internationally. I regret that it is only Sweden
and another four countries that provide aid amounting to 0.7%. Moreover, for as long as there is a lack of adequate state control bodies and control responsibility is handed over to private individuals,
we should be very worried about the protection of public health and the safety of the food chain. Perhaps more significantly, reserves of natural gas have now been discovered in the Bay of Bengal. In other
words, we need better, more insightful and more regular implementation of the criteria already laid down in accordance with the stated objectives. This is even more important as they are trying to pour
oil on troubled waters. An albino member of parliament has even been appointed. &#160;&#160; – Mr&#160;President, ladies and gentlemen, the forthcoming European Council is going to deal with crucial reforms
for the future of the European Union, including reform of the Stability Pact. We have worked together on issues related to the new economy. This would be a catastrophe, not only for the health of schoolchildren
- our future citizens - but to the viability of communities also. Even the title of the resolution is misleading and biased. There are some people who are now working to divide individual states internally. Therefore,
here in this plenary session, I would like to draw attention to the need for Galileo and for GMES - as they are potentially a great European infrastructure if we can build them - to deliver on that purpose. The
compromise that we have managed to reach in this House is satisfactory, so I have therefore voted in favour of the Hasse Ferreira report. This will help us to establish a system that is safer for all users. As
in love, words are not enough: we need action and proof. A great deal of precision is required. I voted for this resolution because I consider the issue of preventing man-made disasters to be extremely important. The
first objective has to be the reunification of Europe, and ensuring that theoretical enlargement is consolidated through greater cohesion and economic solidarity should be one of the main and ongoing objectives
of the Barroso Commission. I should like to thank the Heads of State or Government who fought on our side: Romano Prodi, Guy Verhofstadt, Jean-Claude Juncker and you yourself, who said: we want European
unity because there is no alternative. (SV) Madam President, Commissioner, I would like to say that the abolition of duties and barriers to trade as a step in the provision of aid to Pakistan in connection
with this major disaster is extremely welcome. There has been such a ban in the Azores for a very long time, where the practice had never previously existed. Those Heads of Government spend a very large
amount of their time approving conclusions on a huge number of dossiers - sometimes more than 60 - which means a tremendous amount of writing, and the effort required to produce them does not correspond
to the number of people who read them. We have a new European Migration Monitoring Observatory to enable the European Union to anticipate the arrival of waves of migrants and to be better prepared for these. We
are not convinced at this stage that such an initiative would indeed boost momentum in the region. Nonetheless, we feel that the terrible poverty in this country is not conducive to political equilibrium
or compromise. At the same time, the picture is mixed, and I think the debate here confirmed that. Other amendments which improve the directive concern greater transparency and openness to inspection and
the need also to cooperate and consult with countries outside the Community. Unfortunately, Russian speakers in Estonia as well as in Latvia were so-called prisoners of the first Cold War by being denied
their citizens' rights - by being denied their language as an official language in the countries where they were a substantial minority. Exiting from the crisis is basically not a problem about economic
or fiscal policy. That means that in Europe, there is definitely room for improvement with regard to policy on enforcement, but also on penalties, and it means that whoever tampers with animal feed or food
commits a crime. In so doing, they cause noise and air pollution that is a serious threat to the way of life of this indigenous people. A European budget providing opportunities for long-term planning should
therefore be a tool which promotes the growth of the individual countries' economies. After the vote on Amendment No 32: The Union really must set an example in this area. Madam President, first of all I
should like to thank my fellow Member, Mr Vidal-Quadras Roca, for his efforts, particularly with regard to consultation: he took a good number of our proposals and amendments into consideration. Subject:
Long-term aid to combat child sex tourism ECPAT is an organisation working to combat sexual exploitation of children, particularly in countries where European travel companies operate. In any negotiation,
there must be give and take, but my group believes that EU citizens can feel that their Parliament, working with an effective Presidency, secured many of the safeguards they expect and an agreement which
would infinitely outstrip the negative potential of 27 bilateral agreements. The report highlights the fundamental role played by customs in relation both to the functioning of the single market and to
international trade and economic growth. According to this principle, proclaimed by the World Conference on Human Rights in Vienna, human rights are dealt with globally in a fair and equal manner on the
same footing and with the same emphasis. On the basis of the positive experience on the other side of the Atlantic, the Commission is convinced that the Energy Star labelling programme will naturally lead
to the gradual elimination of inefficient equipment on the Community market. The Commission has now proposed to reduce the fleet and improve controls. In Amendment No 20, the Commission is being allocated
the same tasks. I should add that by 'coming on board', I mean that it will also pay its share. Would the Presidentin-Office take back this message to the Council from me, just in case they ever get around
to talking about these things? In any case, I would stress that we must not just concentrate on the individual factors in isolation but view the issue as a whole. The Member States are thus invited to coordinate
their actions to protect the economic interests of the Union against fraud. A properly functioning procurement market is of crucial importance to promoting the Single Market, to stimulating innovation,
to promoting a high level of environmental and climate protection, and of social inclusion across the EU, and to achieving the highest possible value for public authorities, citizens and taxpayers. The
Commission has had time enough to root out these problems, as the European Parliament decided to defer the discharge back in March 1998. We are now preparing the way for the next conference in Mexico, where
there should be a greater effort towards commitment from all parties. We know that this is a task for us all to perform. The call for the use of Europol misses the point. I would point out that, before we
submitted POP IV, we held 38 regional conferences with the fisheries sector. It should be stated that one such consequence concerns the cooperation between various large financial and economic institutions
that are generally perfectly legal and the criminal regimes in power in the countries concerned. This regulation establishes a procedure for the negotiation and conclusion of bilateral agreements between
Member States and third countries. They are relegated to secondary importance. Mr President, I am addressing the House on behalf of Mrs Soltwedel-Schäfer, who is unfortunately unable to attend. In schools
in the north, built by China, Mandarin is the first language and Beijing time is the official local time. For that I am very grateful to the Members of this House who have spoken. Even Carl Bildt has criticized
the EU in his new book because of divisive tactics in the former Yugoslavia. Estimates by the World Bank and the OECD of savings made through increased effectiveness are of the order of 25%. Yes, the Treaty
of Lisbon gives the EU new powers and new responsibilities, but the EU can and must embrace these powers in such a way that the overall amount of money it redistributes remains the same. Operation 'Enduring
Freedom' has no legal standing any more, and must be changed, but we Europeans, too, must come up with more money in order to make peaceful development in Afghanistan possible at all, specifically in the
fight against drugs, in educating and supporting democratic citizens there, and women in particular. Mr President, at the end of last year, the European Commission presented a communication - the Action
Plan of the European Union strategy for the Danube region. This complies with the requirement put forward in the Dublin and Vilnius declarations. For instance, this year the Regional Development Fund made
decisions for the recovery of almost EUR 2.3 billion from the Member States - provided there are no other corrections, but this is a process where, last year, we were much tougher than previously; still,
you must understand that we are talking about errors. This situation means that citizens who are moving around run the risk of becoming victims of crime both inside and outside the territory of their States
of residence, and this may be anything from robbery to, on occasions, terrorist crimes, a scourge which still strikes cruelly within the European Union. Ways of doing this might include state aid; tax incentives;
intellectual property rights; the structural and cohesion funds; and risk and venture capital, which is certainly one of the problems. It must seek the best ways of getting humanitarian aid to the refugees
there so that it is not snatched from their hands by the Zairean army to be used as a kind of food weapon, as has happened on too many occasions. That is clear from Eurostat statistics: it was approximately
90% in both 2007 and 2008. This, of course, is due to the attitude of the United States Government and the multinationals. This has been most important. A vote in favour of the European Commission is, on
my part, an expression of the credit of trust and hope that I place in Mr Barroso's newly-elected cabinet. I would like to say a few things about the situation in Burma, and in Indonesia, and about the
child soldier phenomenon. Subject: Business concentrations in Finland It is clear that these facts are connected. Nobody can pretend that democracy is the answer to everything, but without fair and free democratic
elections many other things are simply impossible. The European Union has a rigorous policy on aviation security, but that does not include a no-fly list. (ES) Mr President, the proposal for a directive
which we are debating today projects the principle of equality as a brand mark of the European project. That is why we support ‘Objection!’, a European alliance of SMEs, which has taken an active part in
the debate and demonstrated in practical terms what REACH will really mean at grass-roots level. We are convinced that, under your authority, the next Commission will be capable of re-establishing that
trust which has always been a fundamental asset as far as European integration is concerned. It is vital! Looking at this from the perspective of a European Union border country like Poland, it would appear
that the best policy is maximum openness to the aspirations of countries located beyond our eastern border. I do not have these concerns. Britain's most senior police forensics expert has even suggested
that children as young as five should go on the DNA database if they exhibit behaviour indicating they might be potential criminals in later life. In addition to the framework for interinstitutional co-operation
set out in the communication of 27 June 2001, the Commission is now considering what should be appropriate objectives for a genuine information and communication policy of the European Union. We shall be
voting on Parliament's proposal today. They therefore enjoy all the attributes of a state. Rural development is not just an adjunct; it is not just an add-on to compensate for falling numbers in agriculture,
though it may well help to achieve that. Imagine if our own Parliament here in Strasbourg or our national parliaments - in my case, the riksdag in Stockholm - were to be exposed to a terrorist attack. I
also feel positive about the essence of the communication, namely the strategic approach. The task before us now is to diversify sources of energy supply by continuing to use fossil fuels, whilst endeavouring
to minimise CO2 emissions. Having said that, safety is, now more than ever, a top priority for the aviation industry, and monitoring of Community aircraft, which is, of course, the responsibility of the
national authorities, which have the freedom to refuse to grant a licence, is a point that we must monitor very carefully. On the other hand, if an institution achieves savings due to unforeseen events,
such savings should, as a rule, be returned to the taxpayer. Past positions taken by the European Parliament have already made it clear that water is a right, and the wording of this report would weaken
that stance. Therefore, that is a piece of nonsense. The Union has committed itself to supporting democratic parliamentary elections in the autumn, in coordination with the Office for Security and Cooperation
in Europe, and with the Council of Europe. Without the unanimous consent of all Member States, it is not possible to grant the mandate for launching accession negotiations with Turkey. The next item is Council
Question Time (B6-0003/2007). In the meantime, it was decided that it would be useful to have a short discussion of the matter at the meeting in Elsinore at the end of August. Burma's gas exports earn the
country EUR 3 billion each year, yet the regime is now spending just EUR 5 million on emergency aid. We joined your presidency in welcoming the principle at the heart of last week's ruling by the European
Court of Justice that a pact is a pact: that Member States cannot and should not break with impunity the rules they set for themselves. The strategy papers are multiannual programmes, decided under the
DCI for example, which fulfil the criteria for the application of the delegated act procedure. There is no great difference between the expressed sympathies of the Members and the response of the presidency. The
debate on the European Constitution has, undeniably, seen the greatest democratisation in Europe’s history. The world around us is changing and so is Europe. The European public feels that the discrepancies
between the Member States' legislation provide no guarantees of safety given the increasing circulation and import of blood products, on the one hand; on the other, they feel equally unsafe due to the
events that have taken place in various countries in recent years. That would be splendid for the country which, together with France and Germany, has traditionally combated openness. What is being done
on that score? In spite of this, they offer an excellent example of organisation and work, which keep them united in great dignity, and in particular we should stress the courage of the Sahrawi women, who
have been able to create a well-structured society out of nothing. I want to know from the High Representative if you are you going to raise this issue with the UN? This gave rise to an outpouring of international
sympathy and support for the victims. We expect to have the scientific opinion of the independent experts within a month from now. The Commission welcomes the timely and coherent responses of the European
Parliament to the two communications on the investment services directive. The Rules of Procedure, in their current form and interpretation, give us to understand that the subcommittees, of which there
are three in this Parliament, can only be composed of full or substitute members of the main committee. Natura 2000 has had a negative effect in this regard. I believe that this is an unacceptable argument
that contradicts itself, because the fact that we are not going to achieve 20% energy efficiency is precisely why we do not set binding targets to do so. With regard to the transparency of the Council's
work, it would stress that, in accordance with Article&#160;11(6) of Annex&#160;II to its Rules of Procedure, after adoption of decisions by the Council during the procedure referred to in Article 251
of the EC Treaty or final adoption of the act concerned, the General Secretariat makes available to the public any legislative documents relating to this act, that is to say those that were drawn up before
one of such decisions and that are not covered by any of the exceptions laid down in Article 4(1), (2) and (3), second subparagraph, of Regulation (EC) No 1049/2001. The regulation aims to extend the requirement
for an airline to produce a passenger list as soon as possible and within two hours following an accident, which would apply not only to airlines that fly to the EU but also airlines operating flights
to Europe. This is something that new IVF technology makes easier. Just recently, as some of my fellow Members have already mentioned, the Christian, Asia Bibi, has been sentenced to death for supposedly
having insulted the prophet Mohammed. A stable financial environment is a prerequisite for the economic growth that the EU needs, and the protection of consumers. I will gladly arrange for this point to
be checked again, but obviously I am not in a position, here and now, to give any opinion other than the one given by my colleague yesterday. Technology is very important; being the engine of the digital
revolution in broadcasting, it is also the engine for the creation of urgently-needed jobs with good prospects. I also fail to understand - and here I have also received the support of the left side of
the House, which is particularly pleasing - why a temporary right of asylum can, according to the proposal, be granted for five years. All the endeavours to bring education and health care up to standard,
no matter how valuable in themselves, were still unable to solve the political problem of the refugees. I tell you, as surely as you sit here now, what you did will harm your reputation. This deflation in
industrial prices prompts giving preference to short-term prospects. One might well ask why another resolution on Belarus is needed, when the last one was only adopted in July, just before the summer break. Indeed,
exogenous factors are perhaps far more significant in this respect. Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, Austria is to hold its first direct elections to the European Parliament on 13 October, and there
is currently a great deal of debate as regards what Parliament can achieve, what individual Members can achieve, and who are the winners and losers in the European Union. Public aid is therefore necessary
and legitimate if we wish to avoid further accidents caused by ageing vessels. A person may, for example, choose to pay voluntary contributions which allow them to remain insured once they leave the compulsory
PRSI system. We have conducted parallel discussions with the Council in an attempt to reach unanimity at first reading, an objective I hope will be achieved. The question arises as to who is responsible
for seeking substitutes, the chemical industry or the end user, or whether the responsibility is shared. That prosecutor lied! What proposals does the Commission have to minimize these problems, particularly
for the small and medium-sized business and commercial sectors? Such projects include the memorial to Mr Pöttering, a museum dedicated to the EU's short history, or converting Parliament's parking area
into a spa and baths. Firstly, I would like to say that, in general, one of the criticisms levelled at previous versions of this documents no longer applies. Firstly, because the democratization of European
economic policy is more necessary than ever since the arrival of the third stage of monetary union. And in our opinion, three key concepts apply: information and prevention, affordable treatment, and care
of those left behind. As an Austrian I know what I am talking about. The concerns expressed by the House have been eliminated largely because of the agreement and the good work that has gone into it. It had
a lot of problems at the beginning but now it is really running smoothly and only last year, in 2007, we gave a commitment here; the Member States are working here together with the Commission. But she
will know very well - I trust that she will pay reference to this in the forthcoming month or so - that there is no preventative power afforded to the Commission under the Treaty; neither is there any
ability in the Commission to preempt the conduct of a dispute. Europe needs a clear voice which the citizens can identify as our political position in this field. greater flexibility in current legislation
in the labour field, which would lead to those seeking employment being offered various types of employment contracts and working time regulations; in writing. - The retail trade plays a very important
role in the development of a sustainable economy, and it should continue to promote sustainable models of consumption, providing easy access to quality products. In order to be successful in managing migration,
we must also address the main roots of migration, such as economic disparity, lack of career opportunities, instability, poor governance etc. What we are really talking about is a long term policy, in accordance
with which our Parliament wanted systematically to inject capital in order to buy property. It has the added benefit of freeing up court time for cases that require a court judgment. I think this is excellent. Cooperation
and synergy at a regional level are absolutely vital for this, with cooperation including the application of European policy instruments. These training qualifications will bear the EIT label as a European
mark of excellence, although the training qualification will aim to take account of the diversity of the higher education landscape in the European Union. High debt and deficit levels are a grave concern
to the UK and across many Member States. The association agreements are dead letters in many respects. Economies in transition are progressing towards industrialization at their own pace and therefore present
dual features, with prosperity and poverty existing side by side, state-of-the-art technology alongside underdevelopment, economic sectors and people on welfare, aggressive firms on the international market,
demographic growth and economic expansion attracting foreign investment to high addedvalue businesses. These days, workers are at the mercy of frequent and risky employment transitions. The reorganization
of Directorate-General XXIII is under way, and I am very pleased to be able to present to you the new director at the directorate-general, Mr Hennessy, who will be responsible for the coordinated actions
for SMEs and tourism. We need these measures urgently, and that is what we shall propose to our Member States. I would like to reiterate three facts about Transnistria. I should like to pick up straight away
on your closing words. (DE) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, Russia and the European Union are partners because of their mutual interests and because of their geographical location. Very
steady progress is now, perhaps belatedly, being made. For this reason I share the view of the rapporteur, Mr Goepel, that we should once again reject the Commission's proposal. That in no way reduces the
necessity to conduct a regular review of progress in the working areas that have been opened up, to ensure that the spirit of Barcelona endures. Will the Council? Hence it is in our own interests that we
should, as MEPs, concentrate on the core competences we possess and should also give that outward expression. Given the potential for illegal migration from these countries, as well as alarming radical
Islamic tendencies, in particular in Bosnia and Herzegovina and Albania, I am voting against the adoption of this report. Only seven months after the entry into force of the new treaty, together we managed
to reach a consensus, securing the political and budgetary accountability of the new service to the European Parliament. Having more gas traded within the Community does, of course, presuppose the availability
of gas in the necessary quantities and that is why we also have to work at supporting the establishment of liquid wholesale markets. With these decisions, the minimum bid rate on the main refinancing operations
reached 2% in June 2003. I would like to finish by pointing out once more the value of the European regional policy with respect to strategic goals such as growth and employment. This case reveals a degree
of failure of expert assessments and raises the question of the experts' skill and independence in our risk society. It is an obstacle to the European Union implementing the principles that are behind its
external action, which include promoting democracy and human rights in the world. To this end, there is an unavoidable need to change the method. As I said, this is a vital additional step. I would firstly
like to thank Mr García-Margallo for the work he has done and, as he has said, for the clear message contained in this report with regard to the broad guidelines for economic policies. For these reasons,
the Group of the European People's Party will vote in favour of the amendments and the programme. I believe that any solution which seeks to deal with these imbalances in relation to trade by simply and
straightforwardly proposing free-trade agreements is not on the right track. The help, support and protection given to victims of people trafficking, notably as regards accommodation, medical and psychological
assistance, advice, information, interpretation services and legal representation, are all essential. In the coming months, we should watch the development of the political situation there carefully. The
area where our democracies have traditionally been weakest has been in attacking the legitimacy of the terrorists and fighting them politically in a systematic and well-targeted manner. I therefore support
100% the proposal to appoint a high representative, who, together with his/her service, will coordinate the Union's human rights policy on a permanent basis. To ensure that consumers are given meaningful
information and that the new rules are enforceable, Commissioner Cioloş - my colleague responsible for Agriculture - and I will pay particular attention to the implementing rules. So as a complement to
our reinforced system of economic governance, which was launched this January with the first Annual Growth Survey, we need to set up a robust institutional and financial mechanism to deal with possible
future crises. In this respect, we need to promote the transport protocol, in order to have a legal basis for taking specific measures to regulate the flow of heavy goods vehicles in mountainous areas. However,
the Court’s conclusions should not be automatically extended to include all fields covered by the first pillar. What about efficiency - the relationship between cost and benefit? Therefore, it cannot disregard
social cohesion, one of the fundamental factors of competitiveness. Indeed, I defy anybody, Mr President, to predict what will happen during the vote tomorrow as things stand, for these reforms are, as
I said, extremely wide-ranging and incoherent. I think that the decision is still on hold, and I hope that it will be taken and that it will be a positive one. The union of Europeans on the basis of this
Constitution is our response to globalisation. They played casino, but if you lose money as a normal human being in a casino, you have lost money. (DE) Madam President, I voted against the Davies report
because, as a result of the amendments adopted, we are still a long way from the optimum situation, which is to protect the environment, on the one hand, but also promote employment in Europe and not burden
the consumer unduly with excessively high prices. (CS) Ladies and gentlemen, last year Serbia went through some significant changes which I am convinced were also successfully negotiated. The scope of the
directive has been considerably reduced and excludes, in particular, health services, non-commercial public services and certain commercial public services. There is no hard core. It took place directly
before the ordinary meeting of the General Affairs Council, and what we decided was of course what we had discussed with the new Member States. I have to say to you, Mr President, that I am very much obliged
to you for the efforts you make prior to the votes in every plenary session to get the last ten minutes before the vote conducted in a more or less dignified manner. What developments does it foresee? Furthermore,
my regret is increased by the state of Europe, at the sight of a Europe divided as never before, in which the genuine problems - the lack of a political, strategic vision of the world - are starkly revealed
and in which the legitimate, rightful diversities of the European countries are made worthless by their inability to agree on joint measures. Thirdly - and here you were an example amongst so few - you
spoke out against any form of terrorism, obviously in particular against the terrorism in Spain, but also throughout the world. This politicisation of human rights protection instruments can lead to only
one thing - a fall in trust in the international judiciary. High Representative Javier Solana is in the region today in fact, and he intends to visit not only Israel and the Palestinian territories, but
also Beirut, Jordan and possibly other places too. These consist of conditions for collecting and treatment of wastewater in slaughterhouses. I would like to start by giving particular thanks to Mrs Trüpel,
who has done a good job on the preparation of next year's budget. I would like to take this opportunity to urge you all to support the agreement. I could perhaps mention the fact that within the Employment
and Social Affairs Committee we have also been seeking to include small to medium-sized businesses within the Safe Report. The new legislative package may contribute to the creation of real competition
on the European market. I would advise you to give this some thought. Excluding Parliament, special circumstances decided by an unelected body, secretive motives: all are the beginnings of totalitarianism. Public-private
cooperation must favour competition and, above all, contribute to new thinking and increased efficiency within the public sector. I am wholeheartedly in favour - and not just because I am here representing
Italy - of all initiatives which bring the Mediterranean countries closer together. To say in the Minutes that I spoke is not sufficient. But this is not in the offing as yet. I would like to single out the
last initiative of the Women' s Committee on the strategy against violence. This is an insult to the Members of the European Parliament. I have to say that over the next five years the power of electronic
commerce will act more quickly to create the single market than any amount of harmonising legislation that we might care to introduce in this Chamber or anywhere else. Specifically targeted charges on carbon
dioxide emissions should be more effective than general taxes, but there are also other options for individual Member States. There are also many options whereby the EU may provide back-up for national
responses in this area. Ladies and gentlemen, we must urgently begin to reflect on this in slightly more depth. This means to us - and we will be putting this request in the resolution - that you have to
outline the consequences of the internal market on the European citizens. It is by no means a perfect institution, but I feel that the STOA is capable of offering us invaluable help, such as providing us,
in regard to a question such as the one before us this evening, with an overall perspective and a critical analysis of all scientific studies in existence or ongoing. On the one hand, there is aid for developing
the infrastructure and human resources of the less prosperous regions. What we are seeing now is that the European Union, fearing another tough fight with the United States in the World Trade Organization,
is instead trying to force other countries from the developing areas to export less to the common market in Europe, while still allowing the United States freedom to continue its exports. As the rapporteur
states, the flurry of legislative activity in the Turkish Parliament to reform the constitution really is laudable. I would invite you, however, ladies and gentlemen, when such cases arise, to advise the
services of the sitting earlier, so that our voting lists can be drawn up accordingly. In this regard, the FSC recently set up a new sub-group, which is due to present a report on long-term supervisory
issues by autumn 2007. I think for all of us the future for our children and grandchildren is a future of great opportunity, though also of great uncertainty. That is not an option. It is, I repeat, an effort
at transparency - and not, Mr Cot, a case of resorting to Article 90. Can the European Commission make a comprehensive statement describing what new initiatives it is pursuing this year to combat youth
and long-term unemployment in Europe and, in particular, what schemes are being promoted to ensure that those who are unemployed can learn new information technology skills? Giving all European Union citizens
the right to express themselves in their own language in dealings with the EU institutions is a fundamental right in terms of equality, equal opportunities and non-discrimination. ... in announcing to the
House that following its vote on the draft statute for MEPs, the Commission adopted the opinion required by Article 190(5) of the Treaty at its meeting yesterday and this has been communicated to Parliament. Reducing
cod catches in the last few years has not been enough and unfortunately we now find that quota reductions have resulted in false returns being made and illegal fishing. I would simply use the opportunity
of his question to emphasize strongly yet again that as an increasing number of people, including employers, come to understand the strong link between fair competition and efficient operation and decent
social conditions, the environment in which the Commission is seeking to secure support for its initiatives in this sector is growing all the time. In March 2000, we decided at Lisbon to maximise the competitiveness
of Europe, subject to the limitations imposed by the maintenance of cohesion and environmental protection. This is under discussion in the Commission's DG on Competition and with a former Commissioner for
competition and they really would like us, as a Commission, to work in line together, so it will take some time. This being the case, we will look into the matter and see if we can give you a satisfactory
answer, particularly on the problem of abuses. We are also aware that there is intensive debate in the Council on the structuring of the definitions. The establishment of other pan-African institutions,
including the Peace and Security Council and the Pan-African Parliament, affords new prospects for dialogue between the European Union and Africa as a whole. The President of the Commission will correct
me, if necessary. I very definitely do not go along with this view. Energy must be renewable and we need raw materials, so trade is also affected. Our future will be in outside hands, therefore, if we do
not change the situation. I would like to say however that it is, and has always been, a very modest budget and therefore the funding for this programme is more symbolic than real. The alarming findings
of the Southampton study make it quite clear that we must call for a ban and that we need a ban. It must be given the resources it needs to commence operations, and, furthermore, the necessary political
support. This common market and the exploitation of these efficiency gains demand that we open up the national market segments and turn them into a single internal market in energy, and hence require transparent
and discrimination-free access to the networks. I believe that these issues should be raised as part of the exchange of ideas that you are hoping to promote during your presidency. The country has long deserved
its own negotiations. Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the Communication that the European Commission has just presented to Parliament on the modalities of the agricultural agreement to
be negotiated at the forthcoming WTO Round was unanimously approved on 27 January by the General Affairs Council. There are other points to be made. The Libyan crisis has revealed the limitations of the
European Union's external action in both diplomatic and military terms. For the rest, the Commission's position on Romania's application for accession shows that, on the whole, Romania's competition rules
are compatible with the EU rules. I would like to say something about this. The detainees should also have immediate access to their families and to lawyers of their choice – and I specify 'of their choice'
– along with medical attention for those who need it. The Portuguese used the argument that the ship is a threat to public health. Member of the Commission. - The ambient air quality directives set several
limit values for several pollutants with different attainment deadlines. According to what we have been told, that Parliament was going to meet on 15 April with this as one of its first subjects for debate. In
addition there are very technical problems, often difficult of access for non-specialists. Perhaps it would be possible to ensure that both the cameraman's job and our job are made easier. If the disease
is not treated, then the parasite moves from the blood to the brain. Citizens and companies do not take kindly to the fact that the control mechanisms of Member States are totally insufficient, and they
are rightly calling for more effective measures at the European level, including big fines for counterfeiters. The Commission has blocked the fisheries agreement with Guinea because government actions there
resulted in the death of 150 demonstrators. Anyone would be expected to enjoy these rights from the moment the relevant national authorities have given the person official notification that he or she is
suspected or accused of committing an offence. At the same time we have to abolish barriers that needlessly hamper businesses in their efforts to meet the demands of globalisation. In the light of that it
is inappropriate to introduce a directive which conflicts with this cultural difference. Mr Posselt, you are absolutely right. Thirdly, we discussed access to the media, which is unfairly organised in a
State-controlled system. Secondly, what negotiating mandate will the negotiators have in terms of agricultural products? The Commission will attempt to do all in its power to ensure that the implementation
of the conclusions of both this and previous reports correspond to the wishes of Parliament. (Parliament approved the request to postpone the vote) Regarding treatment of the Hungarian minority in particular,
the Council has noted the Slovakian government's memorandum on the use of minority languages, whilst hoping that this initiative will be shortly followed by a specific law governing the different aspects
of this question in its entirety. I cannot therefore see how the attacks are linked to the new organization of the market in vegetables. It is in those terms that I appeal to all concerned. In general, the
initiative is positive since it sets out all the undertakings given under the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, the Kyoto Conference, the Fifth framework action programme on the environment
"Towards Sustainability' , as well as the Environment Council of 1994 and the demands of the Council's Ad Hoc Group on Climate, in accordance with the Berlin Mandate. I take this view because the park is
a natural area of international importance, owing to its geomorphology, ecology, biodiversity and cultural significance. The second aims at specifying the purpose of the list of herbal substances to be
drawn up by the future committee on herbal medicinal products. Finally, the challenge of having stronger and more capable institutions, institutions equal to the new demands that Europe is facing. Above
all, however, how will we feel if we repatriate these people, in the knowledge that they will be thrown into prison as soon as they arrive? I now turn specifically to Parliament's budget. The system that
is to be expanded today, however, all too easily turns these Members into employees of the party structures. This report is one of those that is genuinely worth reading and supporting. If you have visited
Brittany, Mr De Gucht, you will know that, these days, green algae and ground water pollution associated with the intensification of pig farming are a huge problem. Only that way will the work of the Union
acquire legitimacy, which is to say the general approval of the public. Lastly, when the GSP is reformed, it should be focused on the countries most in need. &#160;&#160; Mr President, in this magical world
of the European Union, we never let reality intrude on our dreams, and from one summit to the next we go on regaling each other with fascinating fairy tales, such as the Lisbon Strategy or the European
Constitution. The conflict in the Middle East is also tied in with the relationship between the EU and the United States, and this issue is also important in the fight against terrorism. Our own part of
the world, with its ageing population, has a real need for new people. The Slovak Government, which is also adopting nationalist ideals, justified the language law by saying that it apparently had to create
some balance in the regions of southern Slovakia between the use of Slovak and Hungarian. The first being that prices are fixed on the basis of a group's turnover. However, as others here have said already,
the prevention of radicalisation is also vitally important. We are not asking for them to be working languages, that is a red herring frankly. We are not expecting a commissioner for this debate. I am aware
that impatience also prevails in the region. What this is about is making transport routes for gas and oil through the Black Sea a reality. More and more of them have a proper capability and are being used. It
effectively endorses the EU's fisheries policy, which has led to the exhaustion of fish stocks in the waters off the coast of Africa. This is a commitment accepted by the EU and its Member States at the
conference on the environment in Rio in 1992. Mr President, eight years ago in this very Chamber, a young Member of Parliament defended the opinion on the Treaty of Amsterdam and said that it was not perfect,
as we knew, but that it was not the final destination, and cited, as I am going to do again today, a Miguel de Cervantes disenchanted with life in his final days, who said that there were occasions when
we had to choose whether to be a road or an inn. I am pleased to say that those objectives are all intact. Positive aspects in terms of impact on economic and social cohesion, on growth, on training, on
employment, but also the formulation of a global, consistent vision to ensure the balanced development of territories within groups of regions sharing common problems. Firstly, there are different kinds
of air transport: the major airlines are one thing but the regional airlines are another, and private operators - as in this case - are quite another. Of course, if you stretch elastic too far it can snap
and you can hurt your fingers. Reintroduced to pasteurised milk - for certain cheeses - they ensure that these products meet the highest food safety standards. I would like to add that it defines our Community
much more than business or geography. Neither have I heard that anything is wrong with the performance, quite the opposite, in fact. The success of the SEM 2000 will clearly depend, first and foremost, on
motivating our staff and it will also depend, obviously, on having the effective cooperation of Member States - as honourable Members have said in the course of this debate - and on those Member States'
dedication to handling Community funds with maximum efficiency. But for thousands of people it will then be too late. Unfortunately, as a result of the controversy at the initial phase of voting, I made
a mistake with my vote twice, but fortunately it did not make any difference to the final result. First of all, I apologise on behalf of my colleague, Charlie McCreevy, who has an Ecofin commitment early
tomorrow. Moreover, I believe that assistance to developing countries should be constantly adapted to the circumstances in those countries. That is to say, certain measures have been taken, such as the formulation
of practical ideas, the use of electronic media, and so on, but I recognise that it is quite difficult for the Commission to act. The Council therefore lacks competence when it comes to what is known as
medically-assisted suicides. To the practical problems of border regions, it has geopolitical solutions, and that is the wrong way to deal with them. But we have to offer them encouragement. It calls for
equal rights for same-sex couples and traditional couples and families, forgetting the vital role the family plays in social cohesion. The beneficiaries, however, are the people who will be getting a free
gift. (RO) Romania is one of the European Union Member States whose citizens need a visa to enter the territory of the United States. The Union can provide almost ECU 800 million per year to support a product
that is of virtually no value insofar as marketing is concerned and, at the same time, causes immense damage to public health. I would like you to know, in any case, that I really have listened with close
attention to all that has been said by each of you. I would like to say that it is nevertheless true that certain kinds of markets and opportunities are opening up here for development cooperation organisations. Without
doubt there has been enormous economic growth in Spain. Our farmers are not just our food producers, they also conserve our landscape. The news industry should be more aware of the consequences that an unbalanced
use of its power and influence can have on the life and liberty of citizens. All Member States concerned have made claims for an increase in guaranteed areas. We should concentrate on getting a deal at Copenhagen
in December. The procedure is undoubtedly long and in need of improvement, but I am pleased to see European solidarity being shown in this way, in the face of the tragedy the victims have experienced. Coming
as I do from a small island state similar to Malta, I can testify to the EU's commitment to the development of small and underdeveloped peripheral regions. It is therefore important to foster an awareness
among the EU public of the existence of the Ombudsman and of ways in which they can complain. No electoral farce can give legitimacy to people like Mobutu - one of many beneficiaries of a long-standing
complicity on the part of various European countries. I understand that it is an agreement by which Mr Nisticò still does not wish to stand. This is the direction that has been taken by Commissioner Monti,
whom I welcome here again today, carrying out what I suppose will be one of his last official duties, because he has supported this idea and I am very happy that he will also be able to defend it before
the Council. As the resolution illustrates, and as you say yourself, there are many different countries, each with its own separate identity. And thirdly, the EU has an ambitious association agreement, negotiated
with Chile - for which we must thank the European Commission for its negotiation efforts and the Presidency-in-Office for its support - and is holding negotiations with Mercosur which must also be given
new impetus, because it is at moments of crisis that this type of agreement can be more necessary than ever. This would enable the European Environment Agency to provide reports on the application of waste
management legislation in the Member States, while increasing its cooperation with national governments. I have a feeling that a number of presidencies after Belgium will also have to deal with the issue. The
legislation of most Member States already grants this status automatically, without checking whether the condition of old age pensions has been fulfilled. Dialogue is the way to ensure that diversity, far
from causing division, enriches our unity. The Commission and Member States will explore how best to develop this initiative." I will say here that I doubt whether that satisfies the requirements of a democracy. Article
206 provides that the Commission shall submit any information necessary for the discharge to Parliament. To begin with I want to thank my colleague Mr Lyon for drafting a very balanced report. There is so
much to do, and it has already largely resolved one of the most serious scandals, that of taking on staff outside the Commission without proper provision in the budget. Considering, in addition, the delayed
presentation of the Commission’s proposals on reforming the Structural Funds, we can only harbour some doubts as to the Union’s ability to respond to the challenges of growth and enlargement in due time. Ukraine
should have proper political and economic relations with Russia but, at the same time, we should support its EU aspirations. However, the Commission changed its mind and decided to propose a directive which
only covered environmental impact assessments for projects. I should now like briefly to address these three aspects of security. I have taken the floor late in this debate, so the arguments have been heard. Some
countries, such as Sweden and Ireland, have imposed a strict ban on smoking in restaurants, cafes and pubs, and in public buildings; others have provided for narrow exemptions. Mr President, I believe that
it is bad enough that the Tibetans do not have the right to self-determination in the land of their birth, but there is also pressure for them to be denied their most basic democratic rights outside their
country, as many of them painfully chose exile, or were forced into it. In this regard, Europe's approach could be to say 'yes, of course we need an external supply, we need security of supply and large,
innovative projects like Desertec, but we must also ensure that the people, the companies and enterprises as well as individual households can have greater control over their energy budgets and energy
consumption in terms of price, the economy and the environment'. In particular we must make progress in the introduction of a permanent European Observatory on the food supply chain and food prices. To end
with Mr Goebbels' question, as far as regulation of financial markets is concerned, the ECB fully supports the financial services action plan and will do everything in its power to promote the implementation
of the plan and promote the further harmonisation of regulations concerning capital market instruments, so that we get a more transparent and comparable capital market in Europe. Collective initiatives
and action are needed on the part of the European Union and, in particular, on the part of the European Parliament. I ask you in communicating the eventual conclusions of this Parliament to bear in mind
our concerns for this one individual whose treatment symbolises so much that is rotten in that country. Madam President, we are deeply affected by the fact that a continually growing number of Tibetan activists
have decided to make the extreme choice of dying in a hunger strike. The EU is increasingly in danger of being left out. To justify such a pact - which involves national measures - it must contribute added
value to what has already been laid down in the context of economic governance proposals put forward. I am wearing a pair of Barker shoes today from a village called Earls Barton in the wonderful Westminster
constituency of Daventry. They also expect a political solution and want us to put less confidence in a military solution. This will clearly take a little time. Since there is no specification of what is
meant by 'extremely dangerous' and since very dangerous goods such as radioactive substances are already subject to a notification procedure, we in the Commission see no useful purpose in adding what would
be a significant administrative burden with no obvious increase in safety. This resolution, and the fact that it came before us at all today, reflects no credit on anyone - no credit on the Italians, who
took to this Chamber an argument that they had lost in their own nation state, and no credit on the rest of us for presuming to get involved. It is no coincidence that not long ago, we were talking about
indigenous people in Chiapas, that we are now talking about Australia, and that Tibet is on the agenda, notwithstanding all the beautiful declarations which have been integrated into the Union system. The
institutions lack experience in this field, since the current system only deals with documents presented by the institutions themselves. Luckily, the report by Mr Esteve has come along at precisely the
right time, just before the ministerial meeting, giving the European Parliament a chance to express its views and, with its proposals and ideas, make a useful contribution to this cooperation, which is
proceeding at a snail's pace and has wandered hopelessly far from the spirit and needs which the Barcelona Declaration - and many more meetings and resolutions since - acknowledged and undertook to satisfy
in November 1995. If our citizens are to be treated equally, each Member State must have a right and an obligation to decide independently whether to ratify the Constitution. And so finally, to recap: all
in all we would like to thank the rapporteurs, Mr Ferber and Mrs Haug, for their valuable work. Mr President, I would like to ask for a small change to Tuesday's agenda. Will the Commissioner therefore finally
confirm his unequivocal support for this directive and his willingness to work with us in Parliament for its speedy and smooth transition? Tomorrow, we shall need a common banking policy, etc. They see demonstrators
being arrested and journalists being harassed and beaten. We agree that there are other reasons for failure, but our recent Eurobarometer surveys show that contract-law related obstacles rank first out
of eleven obstacles to business-to-consumer transactions. As for the Court of Auditors, the discussions going on with this institution since the creation of a draft budget by the Council has shown that
there is a deficit of auditors due to the larger scope of controls carried out by this institution as a consequence of the Union's enlargement. I consider it unacceptable that the Algerian Government is
being relatively hesitant and reserved. This attitude is unacceptable and breaches the fundamental right of freedom of expression. The British government made a similar declaration in June 1999 hoping that
a way could be found to get agreement on the inclusion of terrorist acts in the future. We need a new approach to these new challenges. In Poland, the minimum income level currently stands at around 42%
of the average income. We must help the poor, the oppressed and the powerless before they become desperate, suicidal terrorists. In light of the impact of climate change on agriculture, particularly reduced
productivity due to water scarcity, especially in countries which are already struggling with these problems, we must ensure that we develop coherent agricultural policies that are consistent with protecting
the climate and fighting hunger. Average milk prices have been going up, and Albert Deß just told me this morning that the spot market prices are now at 30 cents in certain areas. This will prevent any recurrence
of such regimes. President-in-Office of the Council. - (DE) Baroness Ludford, I would rather not discuss at this time the outstanding decision on the amendment of the Constitutional Treaty, but I have made
it clear that the Ministers for Justice reached an agreement on 13 June, and that a solution has been included in the planned Framework Decision in the form of the integration of the exchange of information
from criminal records, a key element of the Belgian initiative. What can help create mutual trust? The extent of the economic relations between the European Union and these countries, the need to strengthen
the political role of the European Union as an autonomous and influential actor on the world stage to counter the preponderant influence of the United States, the concrete support given by the Union to
all initiatives aiming at strengthening democracy, the rule of law and respect for human rights in South America means that we cannot go back on this move towards a new phase with regard to the transitional
framework agreement that came into force in 1995 for Mercosur and 1999 for Chile. I therefore think it is important to ensure greater protection to women who claim they have suffered violence. I believe
that far more research activities are needed to measure the impact of environment and climate policies on employment and I ask the Commission to make this area a priority as part of the Eighth Framework
Programme. This House gave its opinion in February, but Amnesty International, the High Commission of the United Nations and the Helsinki Committee also regard him as a prisoner of conscience. The opinion
of the Directorate General of the Environment is always sought before strategic reference frameworks and operational programmes for the Structural Funds and rural development programmes submitted by the
Member States are approved. I emphasise once again the significance of a global perspective, but if you have read the Brundtland Commission report carefully, you will see that our definition is correct. What
support can be given to the various countries to ensure that a ban is properly implemented? Governments often say: OK, our embassy will keep in touch with people who are sent back despite the fact that
they claim to be in danger in their own countries. The strategy is precisely to manipulate the children and subject them to brutal force so that they will in turn be able to kill and torture others. As I
said during the debate this morning, the Committee on Civil Liberties saw that I was not able to submit the opinion in time, which meant we could not, as would normally have been the case, vote on these
conclusions in the Committee on Budgets as the committee responsible. Mr President, on Monday morning there was an assassination attempt on our colleague Peter Miletic, a member of the Kosovo Assembly and
a group leader of the Serb minority Liberal party Samostalna Liberalna Stranka. So, once again, we have double standards and I think that is deplorable. More specifically, this move might have unforeseen
consequences for the continued provision of medical services, including in Poland. &#160;&#160; Mr Coveney’s report exudes strength, is balanced, and, if Europe wants to prove its reputation in the world
as an exporter of human rights, it will do well to adopt this report in its entirety as its key asset in foreign policy and also for the coming conference in Geneva. What does the directive aim at? We will
now formally adopt this programme today or tomorrow. I myself would like to make an effort to raise the issue of the freedom of movement within the European Union but also to provide an improved basis for
taxation. rapporteur. - (IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I naturally wish to thank the Finnish Presidency, Mr Buzek and all my other colleagues. I have hopes of Parliament supporting the proposal
unanimously and that the Council on the 24 of March will decide to revoke the generalised tariff preferences. As an elected representative, I believe it is my role to support moves to prevent an over-controlling
media presence, not only in Italy but across European Member States. Above all, the equal right of women to have a say is lacking, as has been mentioned. Will it be fleet by fleet or by quota allocation? The
worry such as that for the lady of Rangoon is a genuine one. Consequently, from the point of view of climate change, addressing deforestation is an important priority. The amendments which Parliament adopted
at the first reading in April mean, among other things, that the regulations governing the consulting of workers will apply to businesses with 50 or more employees and that it will no longer be possible
for individual nations to be exempt from these. For this reason, no lasting results will be achieved using separate instruments. We were able, despite everything, to relaunch the Lisbon Strategy for growth
and employment. The unilateral commitment that the EU has voluntarily made to reduce CO2 emissions to 20% below the 1990 level also includes emissions from aviation. That is an inevitable reality - the question
is 'when?' For 2011 the Union's budget line for payments from funds of this sort has been increased by EUR 50 million, and therefore it is easier to provide funding to a wider range of sectors. The second
reading on the Directive on the inland transport of dangerous goods prompts me, yet again, to draw attention to a major problem, namely that any directive is only as good as its control. The conditions
include equivalence of evidence of qualifications, provided such evidence is required in the host Member State. The most regrettable aspect is that Prime Minister Fayad, President Abbas, President Mubarak
and King Abdullah are currently being accused of treachery in the streets of the Arab world. The NSRAC has provided a bridgehead for bringing fishing interests, biologists and environmentalists together,
getting them to agree collectively on ways of conserving stocks of plaice and sole. In the programme of our session, we have a meeting with Prime Minister Zapatero, and we are going to talk about the Trio
Programme. It can offer a real alternative to land transport. Nevertheless, this objective remains very distant, and I have the following questions: It simply forces victims to co-operate with police authorities
by means of the threat of expulsion. The fact is that no matter how much they seek to circumvent or mislead, the rules in the Community treaties stipulate that it is sufficient for one country to reject
a new draft treaty for it to be unable to come into force. In the ELDR Group, however, we have had an extensive discussion on the ability of this industry to compete and in particular on the level playing
field within which this sector of industry is supposed to move. Therefore, the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens' Rights considers on reflection that there was nothing excessive about the amendments
requested at first reading: their aim was simply to provide the necessary impetus to ensure that the question of free movement for doctors was henceforth tackled in, let us say, a dynamic and evolutive
context. Environmental levies, which are being planned for air traffic, should not constrict long flights unfairly, but should work as an incentive to withdraw short flights in favour of rail. In particular,
I should like to emphasize the Social Fund aspect and access to education, ongoing training and vocational training in particular. If these problems are looked at and it is established that something is
wrong, then we would be happy to put them right, together with Mr De Roo and other members of the committee. Governments are responsible for their image in international national public opinion and must
look after this image. In the common economic area, the conditions must be created for a strengthening of economic relations. Mr President, auctions should also come under close scrutiny. (FR) Madam President,
Mr Van Rompuy, there is one thing in your conclusions that we all clearly agree on: rigorous governance. The death toll in Haiti is shocking, but this winter, more than 50 000 pensioners in Britain alone
will die premature deaths because of the cold and the cost of heating. That air transport is one of the major sectors that has an impact on growth is not a matter of dispute, and it is something of which
we have all been made aware during the debate on these two reports. I naturally agree that those problems are important. With regard to the embargo on exports of British beef, you are aware of all the decisions
taken by the Florence European Council. During the era of apartheid in South Africa, it was again those who spoke for the oppressed who demanded that the rest of the world should put economic pressure on
the regime, but business in the West fought against this. I would like to draw your attention to the fact that it is the United States itself, rather than the Europeans, that has denounced the CIA rendition
scandals, the SWIFT scandal, illegal wiretapping, or the FBI's misuse of National Security Letters. We know how demographic developments look, and we need growth, employment and prosperity in Europe. Self-sufficiency
in food or autarchy could be a very costly strategy and will not be necessary when markets and trade work well. We will make every effort to reach a consensus, we will also be pragmatic and we will take
the results that we can achieve as quickly as possible. There is undoubtedly a shortcoming here, in that in the cultural field – due to what is in my view the disastrous principle of unanimity – we have
been unable to launch common policies to provide minority communities and languages with sensible options for their development. To give just one example: every day 40 000 goods containers enter Spain;
many thousands of those containers carry toys. Airbus is failing because of the liberal policies that have been implemented, and, if it is to get back on track, a return to public ownership and funding
of EADS at European level is required. At this juncture, I would like to point out - in response to some concerns expressed by the rapporteur - the resolute nature of the instrument for peace that is the
GMES (Global Monitoring for Environment and Security) initiative in the area of environmental monitoring and safety. The proposal is therefore in keeping with the principle of subsidiarity too. That does
indeed put him in a position to spur on the reforms. We strongly support the efforts of the Italian G8 Presidency to broaden the debate on poverty reduction beyond debt relief. To me, he represents the model
public servant. Mr Santer, your programme undoubtedly goes in the right direction: it is an ambitious one and addresses the problems which will confront us over the next few years. I am therefore pleased
to see that most resources go to uprooted people from that country. Europe should not lag behind in this respect. We need a radical change of direction. Let us clearly state where we want to go. I hope the
European Council will confirm the Commission's decision and the call included in this resolution, and will give the green light for negotiations with FYROM in the near future without further delay. In fact,
24 hours ago, we were rejecting the 1996 discharge because the Court of Auditors could not guarantee the overall regularity of payments in the 1996 budget. As Mr Dell' Alba reminded us at the start of voting
time, we will not be voting because we do not intend to support a situation which discriminates against millions of European citizens, whose representatives are denied the ability to fully exercise their
own parliamentary mandate. I am therefore less delighted about the external study that is to review the rules governing voting rights because experience shows that such studies have a tendency to be rather
one-sided. It is quite deplorable that Chinese state-owned companies and businesses that invest in Guinea do not insist on any sort of commitment to human rights. If, in order to adopt the Treaty of Lisbon,
they shied away from national referenda - and disrespected the few that were carried out - they now do not hesitate to escape even the scrutiny of the national parliaments. Mr Diamandouros, the year 2009
marked the 15th anniversary of the institution of the European Ombudsman. However, that would result in a change to the quality of the fertiliser and I believe that we have formulated a good regulation
in this regard and that our small-scale gardeners who like organic fertilisers so much can also be appropriately provided for. In Norway, with their much longer experience, compulsory, 100% culling was
abandoned some years ago and a range of measures have led there to a dramatically improved situation. This proposal aims to extend the area of application of the regulation, in particular, in the areas
of renewable energies and CCS. This is precisely the goal of this new, safer internet programme. You can find it in the Official Journal, L 30, for the year 2005. This has been reflected in the research programmes. They
are fantastically keen-sighted, able to see from 40 metres away whether another Member is voting once or twice or three times. For example, a reduction of 14% for wheat, 10% for barley, 16% for maize, 37%
for butter and more than 30% for skimmed milk powder. Primarily, and on this point I think that I am echoing Mr&#160;Baringdorf, is everybody really so innocent when we discuss agricultural policy? This
group also includes au pairs. Mr President, this report has been approved unanimously by the Committee on Development and Co-operation, and, wisely, with the two amendments tabled by the Committee on Budgets,
so that, rather than just words, we will actually have an economic and financial plan. This House therefore clearly repudiates Angola' s attitude and hopes that the EU Council Presidency will also clearly
voice this repudiation and will not remain silent in the face of these accusations. It is, therefore, in itself, a good thing that Albania is being integrated in the large European family. In my view this
applies even more to the regulation on forest fires. First of all, the inseparable links between economic, social and environmental policy have, as has already been pointed out, gone beyond the level of
trite statements and can now be seen in practice. My second question is, if we introduce maximum labelling, so including enzymes and animal products, will we not start labelling nearly every single product,
and does this benefit the consumer at all? This decision conveys the 'à la carte' approach which is increasingly being adopted by the current administration. We must not generate a confusion and conflict
of jurisdictions about rights, for that would be the enemy of freedom, justice and security. Unfortunately, we have lost the bet, because the number seven would be really lucky - seven years, seventh programme,
EUR 70 billion. We are not here to score points. In fact, people who wrote in to us who were concerned about this report were actually missing the point concerning its being a single market measure. With
the weaknesses in micro-prudential supervision at Member State level exposed, I believe that close collaboration between the ESRB, central bankers, supervisors and the 'real economy' will not only legitimise
the actions of the ESRB but will also make a significant contribution to the effectiveness of those actions. I also notice efforts to undermine the proposed Services Directive on the same spurious grounds. Not
only was the method of the Convention a sound choice, the leading triumvirate was one too, and it is fortunate that the Convention's ordinary members have also added value in a significant manner. Those
who have suffered injury by being in the wrong place at the wrong time bear permanent scars and are witness to be evil consequences of those who seek to achieve their aims by terrorist rather than democratic
means. (B5-0144/2002) by Mr Bautista Ojeda, Mr Mayol i Raynal and Mrs Auroi, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, on clementines; In the Netherlands if a telephone company, such as Telfort, for instance, can
show that an item of equipment seriously harms or abuses the network, the national radio communications authority in Groningen can decide to remove that equipment from the market. The Commission can accept
all the amendments adopted unanimously by the Legal Affairs Committee, notwithstanding the repeal of Amendment No 6, which amounts more or less to the repetition of a recital. For the purpose of these annual
reports, therefore, we must view the Charter as a political reference framework, a sort of table of contents. Trade and Economic Relations with the countries of South East Asia (ASEAN) (debate) The addition
of another two or three Member States would be possible on the basis of the Amsterdam Treaty, but the European Union needs a rather different structure if there is to be effective cooperation between 24
countries. Given the value of this work, it is inexplicable that he should have been treated so aggressively by the Philippine authorities. We should launch an appeal so that, through humanitarian organisations,
we can offer all of the conditions of solidarity to the people themselves who are victims of this recent earthquake. I think that as far as the European Union is concerned China is not only an important
trading partner but also a serious competitor. There is without doubt a need for an agency that takes a European view of the situation, but it must be strictly consultative and totally independent. Many
thanks for the excellent cooperation. We must consider what to do in 2013. Their concern was that it be "legal" , that is, restricted to Moroccan waters only. If we consider that ships are replaced relatively
infrequently and engines are long-life products, it is difficult to achieve very much with exhaust gas technology for diesel engines in the short term. Can I say to her that the mechanisms that we are going
to introduce of strategic planning and programming facilitated by activity-based management may sound to be immensely dry and completely bereft of any idealism. Mr President, this time I will try to be
brief and comply with your instructions. The objective is to avoid excessive speculation by introducing a standardised procedure and supervisory bodies, as well as by using a common register of transactions. This
situation requires us to take appropriate Parliamentary action in a serious attempt to solve this problem. The problem of poverty in Europe is a persistent negative phenomenon affecting many Europeans and
particularly women. Unfortunately, however, remarks like these and the fact that they are being made by Members of the Commission at all, none of whose business this is in any way, do not in the least increase
our faith in the notion that we should be giving the Commission a greater role in the coordination of economic policy in the Convention on the future of Europe. The Klamt and Karamanou reports are related
in that they seek to harmonise definitions of sexual exploitation. These are two very important, fundamental issues which we hope can be developed and finalised before the six-month Spanish Presidency of
the European Council comes to an end. But, to come back to something my colleague Mr Cohn-Bendit mentioned, the magic flute cannot even be heard above the silence of governments – the silence of their suppressed
delight at the collapse of a constitution that would have given Europe, the people of Europe, more rights but would have cost governments some of their power. I should also like to extend my thanks to the
Commission for its willingness to cooperate. Mr President, I wanted to bring up an issue which should be of great concern to this Parliament, and in particular to Members of the Committee on Economic and
Monetary Affairs and the Committee on Budgetary Control. The problem as I see it is that everyone comes here to these debates and makes all the right statements, says all the right platitudes, but they
are not prepared to take the tough decisions necessary to help those most in need. Identical commitments have been entered into since then by the Japanese and Korean automobile manufacturers. It is to do
with creating added value. In spite of the crisis the European Union is going through and the internal problems affecting its people, it must not neglect the support that it gives to developing countries
and allow them to fall into tragic situations of extreme hunger and destitution. However, after discussions and amendments to the report, it now sounds better, and, together with the proposed amendments
that I believe will be adopted tomorrow, it will be acceptable to our group. If we were to go along with this, then we would forfeit all hope of being able, firstly, to emphasise the special significance
of the civil aspect and, secondly, to communitarise the common foreign and security policy in the long term, in the context of the interplay between civil and military crisis management, because we would
then be committing ourselves to going in an entirely different direction, as is very much the trend in many national capitals these days. I welcome the decision of the European Parliament's Conference of
Presidents to appoint 22 MEPs to a Committee of Inquiry charged with investigating the case of citizens, as many as 6&#160;500 of whom are Irish, who were robbed of their savings due to the crisis at insurance
company Equitable Life. This reform has benefited large wine industry most of all, along with some importers... In some years, the figure was even higher. It is also your task to get this message across. It
was agreeable to hear that, in the name of the Council and the Commission, the cooperation pact would focus on human rights and democracy and try to promote the development of the rule of law. That was
democracy in action at every level. I referred to a lack of people willing to work, not to the unemployed. The next item is the report (A5-0132/2000) by Mrs Grossetête, on behalf of the Committee on Legal
Affairs and the Internal Market, on the sixteenth annual report from the Commission on monitoring the application of Community law (1998) (COM(1999) 301 - C5-0213/1999 - 1999/2168(COS)). If I know him well
enough, I think that this is definitely in his interests and that he will show openness and willingness to listen. These would subject the Agency to the following controls: Narrowing the gap with Turkey
in fact means sending out an important message to the moderate Muslim world, one that can overcome the extremes of fundamentalism and can initiate a dialogue or a meeting of religions and cultures. The
euro is being widely accepted particularly in Montenegro and Turkey. This model agricultural system must be multifunctional on the one hand and sustainable and competitive on the other; in other words,
it must cover the entire territory of the EU, including regions with specific problems. Firstly, everything must be done to relieve the suffering of the Japanese people, who deserve all our compassion and
solidarity. It is not just what you said, that Milosevic's words are not enough: Milosevic's words are worthless! And you would be well advised to do likewise from the outset. I am therefore pleased to hear
the Commissioner tell us that the Commission intends to do all it can to include these matters in the agreement. We Liberals believe that this is needed, and without, moreover, encroaching upon the Bank'
s independence or reducing its efficiency. Member of the Commission. - Mr President, we have just heard from Linda McAvan that she and the Commission share the same view of how important it is actually
to tackle emissions from transport; that is also reflected in the White Paper on transport which will be coming out today. They are about a better quality of life and a better standard of living in every
part of an enlarged Union, from our city centres to the heart of our rural and coastal communities. Did we vote for or against the agenda that was decided on at the Conference of Presidents? It is obvious
that the Commission proposal consists of a set of restrictions solely intended to reduce current catches in order to alleviate the adverse effects of the Common Fisheries Policy, which did not live up
to expectations as regards conservation of resources. I am sorry to intervene like this, but can we please try to be consistent. I therefore believe that it is worthwhile for Europe to take special care
of its wine. Thirdly, our group - a delegation of eleven Members - attended the official summit, the alternative summit and visited two townships - called Soweto and Alexandra - and was able to see for
itself what it means to be without water or sanitation, and with only very precarious housing. Innovative measures and suitable financial instruments should be used to improve their competitiveness, access
to information and participation in research programmes. There are enormous costs associated with the new buildings currently being completed in both these places. Mr President, the statements by Mr Mitchell
and Commissioner Marín seemed to us limited in terms of the issues broached, evasive in terms of the refusal of the Commission and the Council to assume responsibility and, as a whole, disappointing in
the extreme. Even without the strength befitting the dimensions of its foundations, the United Nations attempted to dissipate Cold War tensions, in its handling of decolonisation and in regional conflicts. The
European Union played a positive role at the Human Rights Commission. The pictures they took appeared on Dutch television at peak viewing time. We have given our word. We need to start talking about growth
and development again. It seems strange that in a shared management system only half of the partnership needs to be responsible. Amendment 48 lays down that duties and charges must be listed and summarised
in four categories: firstly, taxes and other State charges and duties; secondly, air traffic control charges; thirdly, charges, duties, fees and other costs for the benefit of the airlines; and, fourthly,
fees, levies, charges and other costs for the benefit of the airport operators. After all, human resources are Europe's raw material. Therefore the decision taken this morning was very important, but the
seriously irresponsible act of including a note such as this in a European Parliament document is very worrying. Young people must be given help and support in securing entry to the world of work. No European,
no child of Western civilisation, no civilised human being could disagree. However, a certain degree of flexibility and pragmatism will be required. Thirdly, the scheme must be effective. Madam President,
Commissioner, I am glad that we have the opportunity today to speak on the subject of this directive - not so much out of any personal attachment to detergent issues, but quite simply because this report
also shows that the European Union is moving towards abandoning the end-of-life policy and instead, to an increasing extent, seeking to develop modern and environmentally friendly products that are economically
and socially sustainable. Aid in the economic sense should be linked to partnership agreements and should ensure development of the required infrastructure, enabling jobs to be created in the mining and
processing industries and in agriculture. The idea of a single, consolidated legal text - as put forward in parts of Amendments Nos 4 and 6 - is one I find very attractive. With an initial duration of four
years – 2002 to 2005 – it had a total reference amount of EUR 4 million. For example, I read in the Commission's 2007 communication on the objectives for 2004-2006 that the intention is to examine the possible
effects of nanoparticles on health and the environment. Not the sort that we have in my country or in yours. Lastly, we cannot accept Amendment No 16 which seeks to lay down qualifications for crews which
are not included in the STCW Convention (International Convention on Standards of Training, Certification and Watchkeeping for Seafarers), because it would discriminate against Community crews. He was somewhat
pessimistic because he recognised that there had not been the cooperation he had hoped for. This Parliament, which has the specific duty to represent the rights and expectations of European citizens, must
have the courage to send the Commission a strong, unified document that does not ignore the crucial question of relocation, which is putting the future of Europe’s economy at stake. You have demonstrated
this in your reply. The Commission wishes to draw attention to a number of important points. Today this procedure is no longer viable. The time has come to decentralise our development policy. I would therefore
like to table it once again as an oral amendment. Therefore, I look forward to President Pöttering's proposal in February on how this House, the European Parliament, can itself reduce its carbon footprint. Furthermore,
I have just heard a completely uncalled-for comment which assumes that a Member State' s hydrological plan - which has not yet been implemented, which is at a stage of open planning, and which is still
subject to new suggestions and development - violates a framework directive. Beijing's latest act of oppression was the decision to introduce Chinese as the compulsory official language in Tibet, even though
the people speak Tibetan and consider Mandarin to be a foreign language. &#160;&#160; Mr Goebbels, the Presidency appreciates your ironic comments, but you have interrupted the voting procedure. That is
why it is anticipated in the communication that the Commission will work with the European standardisation bodies, on the basis of the consolidated standardisation process, to adopt a single solution for
interoperability, to address safety risks and to consider a smart charging system for electric vehicle chargers. Therefore, we believe that the sentences which have been passed are totally unjustified. We
shall send a message to all our fellow Members to explain in detail the nature of these infringements and to ask for your support and assistance. We have the fight against terrorism, but there is a code
of conduct for combating terrorism approved by Barcelona+10. The Commission does not contest this. We stress the need to produce appropriate indicators with a view to improving the assessment of needs at
national and European level. Children who are not registered are invisible and therefore often become victims of sexual abuse or trafficking; they are imprisoned along with adults and are used as active
combatants in the armed forces, because it is impossible to establish whether or not they are already adults. For many years transport costs between peripheral regions and major urban centres of the Union,
for example the one I cited between the west of Ireland and London, were artificially high because of the price cartels operated by the airlines and also by the train and ferry companies. I cannot do that. Alongside
these efforts, the European Union is also trying to have the conference on disarmament adopt a mandate aimed at negotiating as quickly as possible a binding international agreement within the conference
with the objective of banning the use, planting, production and transport of antipersonnel mines throughout the world. If this report is accepted, we fall back on Article 272 of the Treaty and annual negotiations
of the budget. Europe can only be competitive if its products have added value in terms of quality and innovation. We are giving new life to this idea with this report and call upon the Commission to present
legislative proposals that will enable this goal to be realised. I should also like to thank the rapporteur for ensuring that Marco Polo will be even more business-friendly than PACT was. The main provisions
of this directive include the following: the consumer will have a 14-day period before concluding a contract which will give that person time to compare various proposals and study the contract in detail
before giving a final agreement; the consumer will have a 14-day withdrawal period, 30 days for mortgage loans, life insurance and pensions, to renounce the contract without penalties and without giving
reasons. I hope that, beyond 2006, we shall be able to have a still more generous policy, for these EUR 9 million – although not to be sneezed at, especially when these credits are underconsumed – are probably
not enough, given the formidable challenge of preventing fires in the Mediterranean forests and in those of southern Europe. The report that we will adopt tomorrow is realising this mandate, which the European
Union has had since the Treaty of Lisbon required accession to the convention. Given the importance of equal treatment of persons in the EU Member States, it would have been preferable if the Commission
had not drawn this distinction. Please discuss them with your colleague, Mr Cioloş. The reconstruction of former Yugoslavia and assistance to the people shattered by the war cannot leave out of consideration
the peace process which opened in December 1995 with the ratification of the Dayton agreements. That is not to mention – and here I absolutely underline what a fellow Member has already said – the international
adoptions problem, to which no solution has been found even under the new law. During the negotiations, Europe has kept moving forward. In the few weeks this year in which we have been able to address this
issue, we have, however, been able to get the Member States to commit significantly more. That is in actual fact a demand made by the Greens/ALE Group in connection with the formation of a government. Furthermore,
only in December 1999, a Commission statement on the social dimension of sport was submitted to the Heads of State and Government at the Helsinki Summit. I think that, in general, we have reached acceptable
compromises. I think that the problem you are raising - if I have understood correctly - is that of recognition by companies of the period of time spent, and the work done, by a trainee in another Member
State of the Union. Most young people today across the European Union, whether they live in Germany, in Finland, in the United Kingdom, in the South of Europe are concerned about their future and they are
concerned about their future job, or their future role in society. By voting for the rapporteur' s proposals, I wanted to contribute to the implementation of a true forestry policy in the European Union,
as despite the vast CAP budget, forests, which are an integral part of agriculture, remain the poor relation. I do not take the view that nuclear power is a universal panacea but, more importantly, we do
not want nuclear energy technology to be exported to unsafe countries in lieu of commitments at home. Therefore, unfortunately, I cannot endorse the report, although apart from this question, it does contain
many valuable proposals. I genuinely believe that is a separate case. I am referring to the Security Council of the United Nations. The so-called cod recovery plan is actually causing discards of perfectly
good fish and is imposing an almost unworkable combination of quota restrictions and days at sea. Of course, there still remains much to be done. My conclusion is that this is a first step: no more and no
less. We must not thoughtlessly jeopardize the measures taken in the three areas. Therefore, I can only vote in favour of the report. For us, it seems quite reasonable for many of these criminals to be able
to serve their sentences in their home countries. I can well understand President Barroso thinking of his legacy, but we must not let his legacy damage European universities and research facilities. The
European Union and its Member States should, at long last, recognise the permanent internal and external threat to the Republic of Turkey. &#160;&#160; Madam President, I am sure that Mr Corbett did not
intend to misrepresent my position, but he accidentally did. The vote will take place on Thursday ,19 June 2008. Is the Commission further concerned that some antibiotics are no longer working to destroy
bacteria and that proposals for genetic modification could intensify the problem? With regard to the official Community position on the establishment of free-trade agreements with third countries, as adopted
by the Council on 22 June 1995, the Council decided that before taking any future steps the Commission should assess the compatibility of all planned agreements with World Trade Organization rules. The
next item is the report (A4-0233/98) by Mrs Hulthén, on behalf of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Protection, on the communication from the Commission on environment and employment
(Building a sustainable Europe) (COM(97)0592 - C4-0655/97). Secondly, we dispute the view that the OECD is the appropriate place for an agreement intended to be extended to almost every country in the world. However,
I do not think that this is the case and it would be inadvisable to do away with these guidelines now. This makes me think that the left intended, as a bit of an excuse, to block Israel's access to the
partnership programme for innovation and research. A lot of good things have already been said on the subject. And that is my answer to Mrs Hautala. However, we must not underestimate the seriousness of this
scourge. We succeeded in reaching agreement on fully opening up the EU's electricity and gas markets. This underpins the rights of the citizens and helps to promote mobility and the implementation of freedom
of movement and, consequently, the reduction of unemployment within the European Union. We need a fresh regulation, because the present one is no longer up to date, technologically speaking and because
it requires clarification in the area of the WTO rules and also further to the recent enlargement. What matters is that the internal purchasing power of the euro is very stable, as used to be the case with
the Deutschmark. People criticise us for various things. Our support for Belarus within the International Monetary Fund has also been a positive step. When it comes to water, if we take your comparison further,
developing countries, such as Burkina Faso for example, even if they have access to investors, to multinational companies, should very much retain control over the way in which those investors are involved. In
fact, as we know, our governments are constantly strengthening both the repressive mechanisms used against the burgeoning demonstrations by our peoples against the anti-grass roots policy and conflict
prevention, crisis management and the fight against terrorism, in other words military intervention the world over. The repression is still going on. Some 7.2 million Zimbabweans, more than half the population,
are living on the brink of starvation. For a start, never before have observers been invited so early on; secondly, the treaties explicitly provide for the accession date to be delayed, and, if that were
to happen, the observers would be here for rather more than two years; and thirdly they would be with us when the Commission presents its next progress report, in which we can expect an answer as to whether
accession is to take place at the beginning of 2007 or of 2008, and debating with observers present is not a good idea. The gradual permanent approach would put on the scrapheap persons with years of knowledge
and experience. It is not by chance that, while they have not complied with any of their commitments, they protest that they have not been given the appropriations provided for under customs union. This
is one of the challenges presented by the new economic environment. It would be followed by ‘in the case of Bulgaria’, because the purpose of the amendment is to respond to the report produced by the Commission
in May, and it would be unfair to extend this demand to Romania when, according to the Commission, progress has been satisfactory in that regard. Because without giving a fair assessment of the past, we
cannot be certain that we have done everything possible to prevent it from being repeated. We are open to new proposals. Are there three or four corridors? There is a problem in that the European Union supports
such zones, which are now tending to resemble scenarios in which the NEPAD instigating countries take neighbouring African countries under their political and economic wing. Mr Goebbels also made reference
to the word "equivalence". The reduction in pollutant emissions by traffic should now be followed by such measures as cleaner fuels and better engines. This is an overarching goal which, as we see it, was
not sufficiently highlighted in the national policy documents, partly because these still bear the hallmarks of the earlier, old-style plans. We proved how good this can be at the WTO meeting in Singapore,
but by the time we had reached Amsterdam we seemed incapable of finding an answer to foreign trade problems that went beyond the immediate, and instead fell back on tolerance and experience. I must also
praise the entire crew of the Portuguese frigate Corte-Real, in the person of their commander, who have distinguished themselves in the fight against this scourge, and have recently been the subject of
a tribute by the International Maritime Organisation. I therefore turn to you, Commissioner, in order to find out if these three prion specialists really abstained, in which case those who voted unanimously
were not prion specialists and we would then be able to understand why the proposals, the compromises and the supplementary questions tabled by France have been accepted. In essence, the situation has not
changed since then. It will work to improve the available information and statistics as part of ongoing efforts to channel legal migration and to combat illegal migration. All affected employees in Europe
need security for their sites, they need new work and new, secure future prospects across Europe. South Africa must now, in its own interests too, exert massive influence on Mugabe; otherwise it too will
soon be threatened by waves of starving refugees if seed cannot be sown on the farms there now. Let us not forget that there are problems in other categories also. We will present our proposals in the next
few weeks. We live in an economic world in which major funds buy large companies, de-list them as quickly as possible in order to reorganise them as quickly as possible and sell them on at a profit as quickly
as possible. We must demand that all those working against impunity should be protected and that the facts with which this report is concerned should be made known. And the second aspect concerns ... and
this is why Commissioner Šemeta's answer did not convince me at all, either in terms of the schedules, or in terms of the basic issue. I ask you and invite you to work with Parliament to change this! On
the other hand, the most polluting vehicles, Euro 0, must be banned indiscriminately; which means no exemptions for Greek and Portuguese vehicles. I met officials from the International Atomic Energy Agency
in Vienna who asked us to pool some of our expertise with theirs, precisely so as to gain a better understanding of these dissemination issues. Safe and complete decommissioning is a key element of nuclear
safety, for which we aim at the highest standards. The effectiveness of the European Union is completely dependent on its budget. Armed with relevant useful and comparable information, we should, in the
near future, be better able to provide EU added value across forestry-related socio-economic and environmental issues, thus paving the way for better EU input to help forests to continue to deliver their
multiple benefits for us all. I strongly urge the Commission to back Amendment No 4, perhaps with a reduced amount in order to show willingness to compromise here. They believe our - British, in this instance
- more liberal system may allow unsafe products onto the market. Mr Barroso, in that regard, I agree with those who expect, on the one hand, a strengthening of the Stability and Growth Pact and stricter
budgetary surveillance as a matter of course and, on the other, stimuli for infrastructures and for industrial policy, which would make Europe more tangible for social and economic players than is currently
the case, and which should form part of a common ambition for our whole continent. I hope that, using the clause, we shall see the Finnish Presidency ending up with a very clear result for all our citizens. First
of all, those in this House who brought Greece into the euro area should confess their guilt, as should the Belgian Finance Minister, Mr Reynders. Although Mr Hegyi's report goes in the right direction
by insisting on a binding parliamentary right of codecision on GMO authorisations, we reject the negotiated compromise, because it leaves the undemocratic comitology procedure in place. Forest fires are
fought effectively in Galicia, and progress is being made through forest activation plans which are increasing all the time. I also think that it is positive that the report calls for police training to
cease being in the hands of private contractors as soon as possible, along with the recital stating that there is no obvious end in sight for the war in Afghanistan due to the militarism and warmongering
that has taken place so far. So much so that there should be no justification for a battle that delays the implementation of this instrument, frustrating many expectations and hopes. What we need, then,
is definite goals, goals that we must achieve, rather than only - as Winston Churchill put it - planning great things but taking small steps! And if it has this duty towards Europol and the other Member
States, my question is this: has the Greek government provided this information? Appropriations for such cross-border cohesion should not be used to bear the costs of adjusting to new objectives. This Parliament
has tabled amendments to our proposals that improve the rules for retail and SME lending still further. The Commission agrees with many of the points the Katiforis report has made, but it will present its
final position at the end of spring or at the latest in autumn. As Mr Roche said on this issue – it is not always true in politics but it is in this case – time will not change the basics or make a resolution
easier. I am very confident, Madam President, that after this well-rounded debate, Parliament will assent to the Stabilisation and Association Agreement. Secondly, I should like to stress the need for the
national programmes presented by the Commission, referred to by the Commission proposal, to be implemented with sufficient flexibility so as to take account of the different factors and realities in the
different producing countries in the European Union. Building on the work of Labour MEPs, Tony Blair gained a great deal for Britain - and the North-West in particular - at the Berlin Summit. I do not approve
of constantly avoiding definitions or specific references to things and situations. Analysis of the implementation of this agreement, in the light of detailed information provided by the Commission, shows
us that good use was made of catch opportunities by the tuna fleet, by trawler/freezer vessels fishing for shellfish, etc. in deepwater and by trawlers catching demersal fish - i.e. there was considerable
fishing of species of Community interest which in no way conflict with the Senegalese coastal fleet. However, what does matter to me is the survival of our temple that has cost us so much to build. This
adjustment takes account of the supply structure of the three new Member States, which had previously imported neither Community bananas nor ACP bananas. They will help us, I think, to orient ourselves
towards a Union which shows more solidarity, a more responsible, united and strong Union. There, we read ‘if it ain’t broke, why fix it?’ The human race has not achieved anything more complex than the city. The
unwillingness of the Commission is, however, with apologies to the Commissioner, apparent to everyone. Accession to the World Trade Organisation (WTO) is undoubtedly of great importance to Russia. This sort
of dictatorship, this sort of terror of civilians and abuse of resources by unnecessary expenditure on arms for a country of that size is totally inexcusable. &#160;&#160; Mr President, I would like to
begin by expressing our firm commitment and solidarity to the workers of General Motors and subsidiary companies who today fear for their jobs, the future of their families and the future of their regions. I
suggest that when the Commission reports back for the first time on the implementation of this programme, the whole thing should be reconsidered. The reality is nevertheless quite different. Presently, Community
chemicals legislation fails to address the risk that endocrine disrupters pose. It might also reduce overall expenditure on control and inspection measures. Their educational prospects are hugely diminished
because they are the water-bearers, if you like. Some amendments to it are still needed, as certain subsidies are tied to exports and it sanctions certain special and sole rights which do not comply with
Community regulations. There is much more than I would like to say. In particular, Parliament strongly supported the use of new technology. Mr President, the Commission is pleased that this item has been
put on the agenda because it is now more than two years since we last discussed Switzerland. That is why we reject Amendment 12, which allows a defendant to be sentenced without his or her being able to
know the decision. I was the rapporteur responsible for the working document of the Committee on Budgetary Control on the Special Report of the European Court of Auditors entitled "Improving transport performance
on Trans-European rail axes”. Despite the fact that on many questions the Union's position is different from that held by Russia, we must work closely together and mobilise Russia to carry out essential
reforms. We have indeed consulted and taken account of the points of view of a number of professional sectors and the points of view of a number of non-governmental organisations. As rapporteur, I supported
the thrust of amendments tabled with a view to getting a clearer definition of what is patentable and limits to ensure that pure software is not patentable. I deplore the inability of Member States to treat
seriously the question of energy in the Intergovernmental Conference. The European Security Strategy should focus on the most important aims in terms of creating a common Security and Defence Policy for
the European Union. The fact that something has been broadcast on the BBC does not automatically mean that it is true. The amending letter will be coming forward before second reading and that is when we
will take final decisions on agricultural issues. We must naturally work to ensure the implementation of the UN resolutions on Lebanon. I expect that the Albanians intolerant attitude towards the Serbs,
Turks and Roma – which is deplorable – will pass away as soon as they are certain that they can take over the running of the country and will never again be dominated by others. I am certain that, as a
small country, Ireland will deliver an outstanding Presidency. What about the High-Level Conference on Georgia proposed by the French Presidency, and how the current EU Presidency plans to defend the territorial
integrity of Georgia, when two separatist regions, Abkhazia and South Ossetia, are recognized by another country? We were very touched by this appeal by eleven million Colombians, including your own wife,
who last Sunday marched through the streets of many towns in your country. If the European bubble is to be credible, we need a legislative process which goes beyond the mere coordination of individual national
measures. We will be clarifying our position on those areas in a series of further recommendations in a few months' time, but certainly before the new multilateral round opens in Qatar at the beginning
of November. I was explaining to French listeners what took place yesterday in Luxembourg. It is imperative that President Omar al-Bashir be handed over to the ICC. The same is true of Amendment No 14, which
I cannot accept either. As I see it, three questions have emerged from our joint debate. You are very well aware that the degree of prosperity here in Europe, which is unheard of throughout large parts of
the world, the high levels of social security, the unparalleled levels of environmental protection, the related technological advancement and, not least, the level of personal freedom associated with all
these achievements are all based on the social market economy and not on socialist ideas. The tragedy of child soldiers means that, in some West African countries, mothers prevent their sons from attending
school for fear that they will be kidnapped and not return home, as we have seen recently, last week, in Ivory Coast, in a report by various agencies and other NGOs present on the ground. Mr President,
ladies and gentlemen, peace and the rule of law in Indonesia have taken a major step backwards, with the breakdown of the ceasefire and renewed hostilities in the province of Aceh on the one hand and with
the fresh outbreak of tensions in Irian Jaya, also known as West Papua, on the other. Parliament has made it a part of the directive that disabled people must be able to use telecom equipment either without
or with only minimal adaptation. Restructuring and topping up the compensatory allowance also create greater scope to reward specific contributions made by the farmers living in the less-favoured areas. on
behalf of the ALDE Group. - Madam President, better and less expensive data transmission through high-speed broadband for all in 2020: that is an ambitious policy target, I must say, and I fully support
it. I believe we should create a system of incentives for Serbia to encourage it to try even harder to meet European standards. ASEAN leaders also agreed to dispatch the foreign minister of Malaysia, the
current chair of ASEAN, to assess the democratic process during a visit. Essentially, we have attempted to deal with three problems. Energy Performance Contracting (EPC) whereby a customer purchases a guaranteed
energy saving creates leverage as the investment is paid back over a time span of 2-15 years. &#160;&#160; – Mr President, Commissioner, I wish first of all to thank the rapporteur, Mr&#160;Guido Bodrato,
for the remarkable work he has done and for the ability he has demonstrated to listen to divergent opinions and to reconcile them. I think that you have aged, your face is quite lined. I am pleased to see
today that our position - which was so strongly defended by our rapporteur, Mr Arias Cañete, under the firm and constant guidance of the Committee on Fisheries - has reached a satisfactory conclusion. There
is another report out today which was an annual report from the Commission, referred to in today's Financial Times under the wonderful heading "Brussels demands labour reform". For this reason, I would
like to call on the European Union's competent institutions to harmonise current legislation with the utmost possible respect for the protection of the positive interests of the child, and not only by
means of vague escape-route provisions that are difficult to apply in practice, such as Article 12 of the Brussels II Regulation. Does the Commission believe that it is important to strengthen the role
of NGOs with a view to balancing their presence in Community development policy by comparison with multilateral aid organisations, chiefly those belonging to the United Nations family? Essentially it concerns
the pace at which we will be able to open a full and proper debate on the standards for a single MHP, were we to have one. This document will be accompanied by a series of legislative proposals intended
to improve maritime safety in Community waters. Perhaps one should give him credit for attempting the impossible but, nevertheless, it calls into question his judgment. You are, in a way, Parliament’s first
proper President, because you came up through an election campaign. Mr President, an amendment was tabled on behalf of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy. In this debate,
our actions cannot be preventative or defensive in nature, nor be based on formulae which may have been valid in the past, but are not so valid today. A report was therefore drawn up, and we have already
approved it in the Committee. Very little has changed since I drew up my report on controls several years ago. What I do like, Commissioner, is that you, in your information, provide evidence of a transparent
policy. If jurisdiction is taken as the only basis for policy, then this does not do justice to the importance of this area in a social Europe. I would like to conclude by saying that all this could form
an integrated whole if, tomorrow, we were to gain a standard driver's certificate, a directive on journey times and rest periods, a card to confirm these and then also this Directive on driving licences
and the training needed today. That depends on the Group of the Greens. I will therefore only comment on the contents of the García Margallo y Marfil report, in its present form. Electronic commerce will
cut out many middlemen. Our committee also examined the budgetary prospects for the project as presented by the Commission. I ask the Hungarian members of Parliament and the representatives of Hungarian
authorities to abandon nationalistic games and playing around with peace treaties which remain unrealised and which they perceive as unjust. &#160;&#160; – Mr President, my group is in favour of strengthening
trade activity with the USA, just as much as we support the extension of trade in goods with Africa, South America or Australia. Mr President, firstly may I write into the proceedings of Parliament today
that there was a lot of criticism of my colleagues from the Green Group for dressing up as pirates. It is not an interinstitutional group. Therefore, the Commission cannot accept this final amendment. The
function of our Committee on Development is to check to see that the funds that we disburse in order to give the world's most vulnerable people a helping hand and guide them towards self-sufficiency, are
put to proper and appropriate use. My group also supports your proposals on dealing with Turkey as the country of initial reception for refugees from Iraq. in writing. - (PL) On 19 January 2011, the European
Parliament adopted a directive on the application of patients' rights in cross-border healthcare, which is aimed at simplifying the rules governing treatment abroad. I hope that in this album of the Spanish
Presidency - since it will surely be colourful and varied - people can see every event as a milestone in the very real problems that affect them. You have shown that the authority of a Presidency can be
measured by its willingness to place the common interest above its own national interest and it is on this criterion that, from tomorrow, we will judge your successor. How have we dealt with the questions
of fellow Members, whether justified or not, who said 'we have questions about issues that we are critical of, climate-sceptical questions'? I welcome the growing number and importance of our human rights
dialogues with third countries reflected in the report, but the dialogues, like the report itself, cannot be an end in themselves. This has also been the year in which the Catholic Church has issued a mea
culpa on violations of human rights committed throughout history. As the authors are not present, Questions 37, 38 and 39 lapse. I voted in favour of the motion for a European Parliament resolution on the
'Annual report from the Council to the European Parliament on the main aspects and basic choices of the common foreign and security policy (CFSP) in 2007, presented to the European Parliament in application
of point G, paragraph 43 of the Interinstitutional Agreement of 17 May 2006' in order to support peace, human dignity, human rights, democracy, multilateralism and the rule of law. Mr President, we should
now be trying to defend Community preference or prevent the disappearance of the CAP. This makes me more confident than ever before that the policy approach that we have been taking from the very beginning
is the right one. (IT) Madam President, I feel I must explain more clearly why I disagree and consider it unjust that the amendments tabled by the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats)
and European Democrats in the Gebhardt report should be declared defunct because of the vote taken on an entirely different matter. What is more, the commercial arguments for the continuation of the export
subsidy regime are strong. The Commission is ready to lay down specific rules for such exceptions. He puts it plainly when he says that when these companies who are in debt to him pay their salaries they
are doing so with his money. This is the country which we keep on attacking for reasons which sometimes border on the ridiculous - and, Mrs Flautre, our attacks even include Mr Ben Brik, who should be considered
as one of our main partners. These programmes are known as Consensus 1 and Consensus 2. It is not for the Commission to respond to the United States' representations. (DE) Mr Leichtfried, I understand that
a debate has been held in the past on tax rates and the various common tax base indicators in the field of corporation tax, for example. However, do we think Russia is promoting these values in Georgia
today, or that the Russian aggression against Georgia is part of a fight for democracy? We share so much with Russia: much geography and, in some respects, too much history. Some abstained, others voted
against it and others - such as the United Kingdom and France - refused to take part in the vote at all. The call for the increased use of renewable energy is a topical one right now, not least on account
of the qualitative targets which have now been decided for renewable energy. As I said, I tried to achieve a consensus with the compromise amendments that we came forward with in committee. in writing. -
(RO) Mr. President, dear colleagues, I do not have to tell you how difficult it is for us to convince our constituents to join us when we are making the case for EU enlargement. I also made a modest contribution
to some of these amendments, especially Amendment 17, and I should like to thank my fellow Members for all their understanding in accepting it and following it through, because I am aware that I tabled
it only just within the time limit allowed by the Rules of Procedure for second reading. Are they really going to hunt Roma down in Italian streets? I would like to thank the Commission services for their
helpfulness and cooperation, and I would like to thank my colleagues in the Committee on Agriculture for the contribution they have made through their amendments. So we should be particularly careful not
to endanger their equilibrium by imposing unreasonable constraints on them: this should be a priority for us. Yet, with four million new jobs in four years, mostly highly qualified and ICT jobs, the signs
are good. Just like Ireland and the Irish political representatives have the right to fight for the aspirations of their citizens, Romania is entitled to fight for the accession of the Republic of Moldova
to the European Union. (CS) Mr President, as a former member of the Convention on the Future of Europe, as the only national parliamentarian involved in the negotiations and as a convinced opponent of the
Constitution since the very beginning I am glad to say that in Lisbon common sense has prevailed, at least to some extent. There will also be an improved coordination of policy programmes in the area of
the information society, modern telecommunication services and Internet related activities. Peace is concrete, not abstract. If I pick up two of them, the first is - and, in a sense, Mrs Salafranca began
with it - about how we should support regional initiatives, which are often dominated by individual countries but do not include all the members of the region, and how best to try and provide the kind
of support that ensures we engage with all the countries of that region. What is a scoop, though, is for a politician to say that politics should back off from energy policy, and I am saying that loud and
clear. Control over this kind of export, which affects more than 10% of all EU exports, has proved to be of the utmost importance for the non-proliferation of armaments. With a combination of open and controlled
competition it is possible to achieve a higher degree of efficacy and a better level of service. This second subject is a subject which takes us to the kitchen as well, Mr President - nothing to do with
me. It is about better information for the millions of workers who come into contact with chemicals every day, for consumers who must be able to know what they are buying. From the Assembly of the Republic
(the Portuguese parliament), the Socialist Party (PS) and Social Democratic Party (PSD) participated in the Convention. It makes fundamental demands on the governments of the accession countries, which
are completely excluded from the decision-making process. In every single case, we can show that Lisbon brings improvement. I strongly believe that the implementation of this directive, which is actually
long overdue, will create the right conditions for making jobs safer in every area of healthcare, where staff are confronted with these risks on a daily basis. If any company can see commercial logic in
merging with another, what business is it of ours to put roadblocks in its path? This means that farming must be possible both in favoured areas and in disadvantaged and climatically exposed regions and
peripheral areas. Or do you prefer to expose yourself to the reproach that the Commission is a committee of philistines? Member States will also have to be sure that they have done everything for prevention
and that we have a higher level of preparedness to deal with these forest fires, extreme weather events and catastrophes. Through this cooperation between the Schengen system and the Visa Information System,
we are creating conditions in which we can eliminate visa abuses in the European Union and ensure that persons entering and leaving the European Union are legally entitled to do so. I am very grateful that
I am here and able to receive this answer. This reform is urgent with a view to enlargement to avoid institutional collapse. Surprisingly, we have a consensus when it comes to a number of resolutions telling
those outside the EU how to respect human rights and develop democracy, yet we are not ready to support the text saying that these rights have to be respected inside the Union. Customer protection is a
primary value in the insurance business of my home country and, yes, travel agents and car dealers are entitled to sell standardised products. The 50-year anniversary of NATO was marked by the first NATO
war. It focuses too much on conventional energy solutions rather than renewable energy ones; on centralised systems rather than decentralised ones; on traditional, economic tools rather than new thinking;
on purely technical measures rather than an holistic approach. It is essential for the competitiveness and sustainability of the EU's agricultural sector to find new markets for the EU's high quality goods. So
this is an issue that we are very much aware of. I just want to refer briefly to the question of access to the European Commission's files. This is the eighth time since the Michelin affair in October 1999
that I have spoken in Parliament to warn the Council and the Commission of the urgent need to confirm the social responsibility of companies and to establish meaningful rights for employees. Corruption
and a lack of transparency erode public support. One could say the same thing about the case for intervention in Iraq and Afghanistan. You may ask why such a restrictive definition of 'consumer' is necessary? Does
the Commissioner realise what an explosive decision it would be to allow this precedent? Mr President, a legislative framework on environmental liability is necessary because it is right that the polluter
should pay. Mr Toomas Ilves from Estonia recently explained in the what this assertion would mean: ‘hence, the protection of minorities in the Baltic states will become senseless’. We shall pay very close
attention to the way in which each group approaches this matter in tomorrow' s vote. I am also very happy to see that there are other non-Finns in the Chamber besides Mrs Wallis, who was the only non-Finn
to speak about the subject in November 2003. In fact, the traditional approach of following the financial perspectives with some small margins would not be appropriate for 1998. We have set up instruments
for economic coordination. Amendment No 7 is superfluous because the decision already contains provisions on a regular follow-up of how objectives are achieved. Will it finally remove the obstacles to the
possibility of drawing up an controlled importation scheme from those overseas territories? Very well, since you do not wish to be quiet, I am going to give the floor to the group chairmen who have not
yet spoken on this matter. Unfortunately, that was not the case and now he has suffered the same fate as his predecessor. In spite of these remarks however, I believe our common objective of sustainable
use of water resources can be maintained. Madam President, the Asian, and particularly the Chinese, economic area holds immense potential for the European Union. The EU needs to invest in the sustainable
development of the intermodal trans-European transport system, in the European energy infrastructure, in energy efficiency and agriculture. Mr President, I would like to begin by complimenting Mr Morillon
on the fact that right at the start of his report he has indicated what the guiding principle of European foreign and security policy really ought to be. The Community has already implemented legislation
requiring that its CO2 emissions be cut by 20% by 2020. That is what we propose in this report, with support for the plan to create an intermediate category of regions, which will enable a distribution
of Structural Funds that is more in accordance with the real economic and social situations of our territories. That is why we are relying on your efforts, efforts by the European Union, to achieve progress,
even if it is only on these two issues, and to keep the negotiations as whole out of danger. On that issue there will be much debate into the future. Mr President, the Council has held an exchange of views
on the impact of funding relating to pensions within the Commission's operating funds. Discharge is thus the object of the exercise. The question is, how is such a large country with poor lines of communication
and a wide range of peoples to function in a way that is supported by its whole population and all its divergent political forces. This is also, at the same time, my answer to Mrs Beer and the concept of
human security. Sierra Gonzáles report New ambitious commitments have been undertaken to drastically reduce carbon dioxide emissions and to use renewable energy sources by 2020. For this reason, we ask the
Commission and the Member States to ensure consistency between other Community policies and development policy. The fact that Parliament, though by a narrow margin, adopted it, is an appalling boost for
that tyrant. As such, any request for legal assistance concerning a hypothetical action which is not a crime in the petitioned Member State contravenes this principle of legality and thus the fundamental
principles of justice in the petitioned Member State. I believe that the transatlantic market can be built on a stable negotiating basis, which will stimulate economies and stop the threat of new economic
and social crises like the one we are experiencing at present. One of my pet hobby-horses is the two sessions we are now bound to have in October in Strasbourg. To assess the wisdom of this measure, in particular
in the perspective of enlargement of the European Union eastward, to be accompanied by an enlargement of time zones, it is urgent to draft a detailed report, in consultation with all the interested parties. I
endorsed the report on Early Years Learning in the EU. Moreover, it is not by chance that the Council itself asserts the "possibility of flexibility' contained in the directive. The European Council decided
to speed up the legislative work in progress on defining a common asylum and immigration policy by carrying out a series of specific actions within a specific timetable: We, as the European Union, must
do all we can to prevent people who have lost all their belongings, and in many cases members of their family, from falling victim to thieves who prey on their suffering. The Commission believes that innovative
mechanisms for financing development have a useful role to play. More account should be taken in future of such imbalances and different geographical circumstances, especially in the context of transport
policy. Essentially, the establishment of the European Aviation Safety Agency signifies another 'step' in that direction. The resolution tabled by the Confederal Group of the European United Left - Nordic
Green Left concerns important aspects of our appraisal of the College of Commissioners presented to this Parliament, and also summarises some of the fundamental reasons for our vote against this Commission:
the presentation of a programme by the President of the Commission - to which the Commissioners will naturally feel linked and which they defended without any reservations in the hearings which took place
in Parliament - which represents the continuation of the failed neoliberal policy of the previous Commission; and the fact that this team has been chosen to carry out this programme, following a strategy
which will not result in the necessary changes in political orientation, in the sense of providing greater social justice, job creation and eradication of poverty, but instead contains dangerous elements
that will exacerbate these serious problems. We are opposed to the EU managing the taxes of the Member States. We can steer our economies into an era without inflation and government deficits. We hope discussions
will now begin with the UNHCR on the draft protocol on the return of the refugees. If these areas are to be transferred largely or wholly to Brussels, we ought at least to have the courtesy to consult our
constituents first. In fact, we are only half-way through the time period covered by the Sixth Community Environment Action Programme, so there is obviously plenty more to be done in tackling the current
and emerging threats to our environment. I therefore still urge Members not to vote for this amendment. I would like to thank Mrs&#160;de&#160;Sarnez for carrying out her work with such determination and
so much drive. As the quantity of phthalates that might possibly get into a child' s system from toys is so small, the study group is not recommending that phthalates be banned. Commissioner Solbes Mira
has just presented a document that has been adopted by the Commission and which we shall study very closely; in other words. In this regional context, social fund assistance for improving qualifications
related to tourism amounts to more than ECU 200 million for the period 1994-1999, and it covers more than 100, 000 participants. Words are spoken, but where is the action? Thirdly, I would ask for the democratic
deficit in this process to be repaired, certainly at the next Intergovernmental Conference. Here it pointed out the need to study long-term trends in supply and demand. While the American President may have
thought that he could use the President of Iraq as a means of drawing enemy fire, there is every chance that he will be seen to be using him as a fig leaf. We have no guarantee of any such complete concurrence. In
order to investigate anti-dumping complaints, the Commission has to come to a view on whether there is injury to the European Community cause. Let me say finally here from this Parliament today that our
great achievement, the test of our success, will not be in declarations or in documents or even in new institutions or procedures. The President of the Italian Republic pointed out that legal remedies existed
and mentioned, in his speech, Article 7 of the treaties. The regulations on the type of project need to be made more flexible, especially in terms of cultural scope, and monitoring, supervision and assessment
must be stepped up. Yemeni society is also a very young society - almost half of Yemenis are still under 14. However, I have not heard anyone asking for a split vote on Amendment No 3. None of the actual
instruments make that possible; they must be changed. We also demand that Parliament also, of course, be consulted if the work of this Agency is to be extended into other, similar areas. The Commission is
in full agreement with Amendment No 4 to the extent that it refers to Article 10, which is to be deleted. Just under a year ago, you sent Mr Tsatsos and me to attend preparations for this Intergovernmental
Conference. A mission will be carried out by ECHO to Indonesia in April to assess further humanitarian needs in vulnerable areas, including Kalimantan. These are debates that will come later this afternoon. I
cannot decide alone to withdraw this request. For two months, we have been saying that 11 September changed the world and the balance of society. These range from a coherent and humane asylum policy that
immediately tackles human trafficking, to a united stand against worldwide terrorism. I believe that these measures are important steps for ensuring greater clarity and legitimacy of the decision-making
process of European political decision-makers, particularly as, in the vote, certain amendments were rejected which would only have served to devalue the correct assessment of this activity, in the name
of outdated ideological preconceptions. If wine production in these areas were to be impeded, there would be major repercussions for the populations. The way ahead in terms of technical interoperability
is clear, but we must acknowledge the contribution of the third package in its proposal for a directive on the certification of train crews, contained in the Savary report; only by training the staff can
we make the system interoperable, even before it becomes technically interoperable. Let us take one part at a time. These contracts were signed in 1993 and 1994 to provide humanitarian aid for former Yugoslavia
and the Great Lakes region of Africa. Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, where consumer goods are concerned, we have a single internal market. The Recommendation is expected to be approved by the next
Employment and Social Affairs Council on 9 June. (DE) Mr President, thank you, Mr Ashworth, for this excellent report. Two thirds of the vote is the majority required for our Parliament to censure the Commission. It
needs commitment on the side of the third country. I would also like to take this opportunity to thank them. This could be a good opportunity to carry out an in-depth dialogue over the future developments
of the EURES network. I shall start with the budget and budgetary structure. They must be helped to do so in the face of the two or three agro-industrial monopolies. But history has resolved the problem,
and it has not been the case. However, I should also like to see other family situations being recognised, for example homosexual couples with children. The combination of work and care still presents problems
in many cases, not only for women but also for men wishing to combine work and care. There is a hearing on waste this autumn, organized by the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Protection. How
better to end this explanation of vote, Mr President, than by saying: 'Yippee-ya-yay Yippee-ya-yoo'? Bearing in mind the ongoing Darfur crisis and the way in which it is destabilising the situation in the
region, it is worth remembering here that the conflict has already crossed the borders of Chad and the Central African Republic. The purpose of Article 14(2) is to facilitate the application of the recognition
of prescriptions issued by a doctor in another Member State by approving measures which will help pharmacists to dispense prescriptions issued in another Member State where there is no doubt either as
to the authenticity of the prescription or the proper identification of the drug prescribed. She is also right in her conclusion that the EU is a long way from implementing what was decided at Tampere. My
only reservation concerns the amendment from Mr Liese and others about low-volume cars. The Commission's action plan should therefore provide answers on how to meet the serious implication of the cost of
labour on the overall costs in this sector. However, we feel that the committee' s amendment concerning statistics divided according to target group - i.e. based on the existing reasons for discrimination,
such as race, ethnic origin, age, religion or belief, as well as sexual orientation - is far too great a violation of integrity. This endeavour included both support for programmes relating to specific
environmental issues and the preparation of study programmes. Following Mr Goebbels' excellent report, a motion has been tabled in the European Parliament that is too narrowly framed from the outset. I am
quietly confident that the Seventh Framework Programme will enable us to reawaken enthusiasm for the Lisbon Programme, and to overcome the well-known European paradox. If it had not been for this Parliament,
the first version of the agreement, which is even worse than this one, would have been approved. I have to say that large and powerful energy producers have been obstructive and have deliberately misrepresented
this directive. I am pleased that most of you share my view that taxation policy has a major role to play in attaining many of the EU's policy objectives, and in particular growth, employment, competitiveness
and sustainability. The June List therefore believes that financial investments in infrastructure and permanent transport connections, for example, should be dealt with by the Member States concerned and
should not burden taxpayers in other parts of the EU. The exceptions to releasing environmental information were one example of this. Now for our wishes. In actual fact, what we are doing is to encourage
them to go even faster, and we have no young farmers coming into the industry. No one can deny that a whole is made up of details. Firstly, the Commission supports a balanced, impartial approach to the measures
proposed and to their implementation. The major trans-European transport networks are one of the most ambitious projects of the European Union, fundamental for strengthening the internal market, the movement
of persons and goods and for economic and social cohesion. I think that Mrs Ghilardotti has made a good effort in this direction, but I feel that, carried away by her - albeit very good - intentions, she
has gone somewhat over the top. On 13 June 2007, at the Justice and Home Affairs Council meeting in Luxembourg, the Council reached agreement on a general direction for a Framework Decision on the organisation
and content of the exchange of information extracted from criminal records between Member States, and brought the initiative of the Kingdom of Belgium to a conclusion consensually. We might ask what will
be left for the Member States? Situation in the Democratic Republic of Congo and rape as a war crime (debate) Sugar policy has many facets. Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I believe it is right firstly
to express my gratitude, as previous speakers have done, for the work of Mrs Buitenweg, of the chairman of our committee and, especially, Mr Costa Neves. Rules, however, must not hinder developments, but
lead and alter, and be flexible. While I can fully appreciate and have great sympathy with the concerns of colleagues calling for burden-sharing, there is a fairly large amount of informal burden-sharing
going on anyway. What has taken place in aviation with ICAO has so far failed to produce any results. In a context where European economies are mutually dependent, the adverse effects of the crisis affect
every economy. I see no objections to that oral amendment. As she said, we are fundamentally very much in favour of a services directive being drafted, and of the services market being opened up; we do not,
however, want it to happen any old how, but in a truly socially acceptable manner. It has been put forward by Mrs Lynne and aims to include in this part-session a debate on the subject which has been mentioned. This
should be followed by a fair and balanced distribution of funds, focusing on countries with greater difficulties. I consider that the budgetary framework which the Commission presents for executing such
an ambitious project is not adequate and, therefore, in this regard, in the context of Agenda 2000 and in the preparation of policies up to 2006, the Commission must review the budget if it wishes to have
a consumer policy that is supported by 320 million persons who will thereby also be supporting the construction of Europe. Secondly, in accordance with the precautionary principle, can Brussels continue
to be a place of work for Parliament since it is not equipped with air purifiers? If it is then a question of listing the areas investigated or researching these, they can be found with the rapporteurs,
among them the author of the report on this convention. There are far too few indicators at European level to facilitate progress in the battle against poverty among women, and too little account is taken
of the issue when making policy. Mr President, the rapporteur has been kind enough to speak positively of the opinion of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market, including in the report he
has prepared. You may ask me what the connection is with Mrs Paciotti's report on data protection. Finally, many mergers and acquisitions have taken place in European industry and finance, particularly since
the second half of 1998. In 2004, online gambling accounted for roughly 5% of the total gambling market in the EU and the numbers have been increasing rapidly over the past few years. Use us as much as you
can because we are writing today the next report for the common foreign and security policy and because the exceptional dynamic activity going on in 2011 gives us a chance to put our own house in order. These
have to do with language, with the authorities, with our values, with the potential for vocational careers and with the potential to participate in the educational system of their children. That is why
I would warn against making any decisions before the International Criminal Court in The Hague rules on this matter. I have taken careful notes so that we can follow up also at the meeting that will take
place in Luxembourg next Monday. As the report states, important restructuring of the shipbuilding industry has come about by adjusting quantity and quality. I am very grateful to President Sarkozy and of
course also to President Barroso for giving us their time today. We frequently talk of universal human rights, but I am not sure that our European understanding of such rights can always be applied in all
countries throughout the world and in all cultural contexts. That really has to be the way forward. But can I give you an example: badgers are a protected species under the Berne Convention, so how does
a farmer protect himself and his herd against a badger with TB, and who should carry the cost when there is a problem? The next item is the Commission statement on the specific technological research and
development programme. I believe that this is a crucial issue, as what right does the President of the Commission have to challenge not the substance of a Member’s arguments, but his rights and legitimacy? These
issues cannot make the democratic constitutionalisation process fail. As this issue is not covered by a Community provision, it is solely a question of Greek national policy and is subject to Greek law. This
stays the same from conception to death and even beyond. I appeal for action to be taken for rapid European-Japanese cooperation in aeronautics, at company level as well as in research and development units. We
can see that your Presidency contributed and the Belgian presidency contributed and the Danish presidency contributed. In place of the Europe of our dreams, we now have a protectorate of the United States. I
therefore believe that if these points were to be taken up, it could further enhance harmonisation, both in the context of the development of the internal market and of the euro zone. It only appreciates
that a building for this Office is opened and occupied as soon as possible. Mr President, Mr Sasi, Commissioner, it is with relief that my fellow Members and myself welcomed the statement from the European
Union' s Foreign Affairs Council the day before yesterday, forcefully condemning the disproportionate and indiscriminate use of force in Chechnya. Should they thoroughly democratise their society and release
activists from prison? At the moment, particular attention should be paid to Bulgaria, because this country, like Turkey and Greece, lies on the EU's external borders. The Italian National Alliance therefore
believes it is necessary, before Slovenia joins the Union, to define the problem of compensating Italians for confiscated goods and the final condemnation, and all its consequences, of the annihilation
that took place during the notorious feuds. I hope that we will be heard. Modern family policy is about the equal responsibility of men and women for children and work. Similarly, nothing will be resolved
if the budget is limited to the 1.14% proposed by the Commission. I turn now to the future financing of the Union. What, then, do we want, Mr Prodi? I would like to follow on from Mr Herman when he said that
in fact we already know what has to be done but that we lack the resources to bring about real coordination. I cannot forbear to emphasise that, in Denmark and especially in areas near the coast, including
the small islands, there prevails a good deal of frustration at the fact that an increasing number of single-hulled tankers with both light and heavy fuel oils pass through our waters. I am far from being
the sort of person who declaims against genetic engineering - quite the reverse. Let us lower and enforce speed limits. Mr President, the report by the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs makes it
clear that the pay-as-you-go based, statutory pensions schemes in the Member States need to be supplemented by capital-backed company or other supplementary pensions schemes. We must not repeat the mistake
we made in the case of the German Turk from Bremen, Murat Kurnaz, who wrongly spent four years in Guantánamo Bay. With this proposal we have attempted to make the single market work more effectively, we
have attempted to have clearer and more transparent systems in place so that products placed on the market are of the highest standards and that the construction industry has a fairer market place to trade
within. I am sure that would be a very popular step. Because European Schools provide a public service, such unilateral decisions violating families’ established rights should not be allowed. We must uphold
our standards and values in future, not erode them further. Your commitment to a relaunch at this halfway mark will bear fruit if you succeed in completing the single market, in finding more funding for
research and in promoting a favourable climate for entrepreneurship. It is very clear that this Parliament, and the pressure from this Parliament, was the main reason why Commissioner de Silguy had to withdraw
and not pursue this issue, rather than perhaps debate in the Commission. However, we also expect an alpine traffic policy to be based on a set of uniform rules applicable throughout Europe rather than the
methods of highway robbery and the robber barons. Bulgaria will need assistance in creating sustainable new capacity that ensures security of supply and diversification, so that Bulgaria is not reliant
on the goodwill of one foreign power. (FR) Madam President, Commissioner, I recall a few years ago asking the then Competition Commissioner whether she was aware of any evaluation being carried out on the
effectiveness for consumers of fines set, and on this matter, the then Commissioner indicated at the beginning of our committee meeting that she had managed to claw back so many million euro in fines. It
would be good if the guardian of Union legislation, the Commission, prepared summary analyses and evaluations from time to time regarding the quality of the national plans submitted, and the extent to
which the Member States are implementing them. Is this new government legal or not? This is a problem which will become irresolvable in the future, if it is not already. Madam President, I wish that Mrs Lindeperg
could have had a better time-slot and a fuller House for this debate. I join again with Secretary-General Kofi Annan in calling for its immediate removal. &#160;&#160; – Mr President, the extermination,
the disgusting murder of the former President of Yugoslavia, Slobodan Milosevic, in the detention centre at the International Criminal Tribunal in The Hague, which was planned and executed by the imperialists
of the USA and the European Union responsible for the war in and the break-up of Yugoslavia, is yet another link in the long chain of crimes against the peoples who stood up against imperialist barbarity. I
believe this emphasises the fact that we are canvassing for confidence in the new currency within this section of the population too. Europe could gain a decisive competitive edge here. As for his comment
on take-over bids, I should like to note that in my view, European enterprises are better able to run as a result, and if they run better within the internal market, this will eventually lead to better
investments and thus to more employment. The Socialist Group also appreciates the work that has been done on citizenship, justice and home affairs. The lack of knowledge and expert advice and an incomplete
internal organization certainly have something to do with this, but also the lack of a position of power in negotiations serves the SMEs ill. It is a very important initiative to boost the transfer of knowledge
by those who intensify investment in creativity, innovation and the improvement of our competitiveness. In my opinion, the following priorities should be taken care of by the Union and should have been
addressed as core points in Mrs Read' s report, for which I should like, at this point, to thank her. It cannot be right that we send people to the moon and to the Mir space station, when we cannot ensure
their safety in our own heavily congested airspace. Culture must not be neglected in European policy. I would like to be able to demonstrate for you the difference between a ramp at 25- and a ramp at 20º. There
are totally unclarified circumstances in it. This is especially important in consideration of the discharge of the 2009 budget. &#160;&#160; Thank you very much, Mr Herzog. Once again, we will not be able
to say that we could not help. Finally, on the Roma, whose condition was mentioned by several speakers, the Commission is seeking to bring more coherence to its support for Roma communities. Shortly the
Foreign Ministers, including that of Ireland, will meet in the context of the Mediterranean Conference to discuss security issues. This is a critical issue for our poultry sector. Do you think we could test
these biometric data out in the European institutions in order to see whether such a system would actually be a practical proposition? Yet there are enough divisions in Europe and the European Union without
now creating new ones by using military jargon reminiscent of the Cold War. From this point of view, the German leaders played a very harmful role by disputing the common organization of the banana market,
even before the Court of Justice. However, there are a number of amendments which substantially weaken the report's intentions. People may have been traumatised in the areas where the damage has been greatest,
but nobody has given up in the face of these terrible circumstances. Accordingly, Parliament assumes that its delegation will be properly heard at the talks, as we have something to offer. The purpose of
social Europe and economic Europe should be to sustain each other. In dealing in depth with the issue of the right to live as a family, and in defining the precise conditions for its application, the text
enables us to hold a real debate. The purpose of the agreement is also to promote that sub-regional cooperation between the Mediterranean partners themselves that is so important to a positive outcome of
the Barcelona process. &#160;&#160; Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to put the following proposal to you. This applies not just in the field of international relations, but in terms of domestic
policy as well. It is not that I am against stunning, it is just that we must realise that stunning was originally introduced, not out of concern for animal welfare, but for economic reasons, to be able
to slaughter animals in factory farming, which involves mass killing in slaughterhouses, without affecting and lessening the quality of the meat through the anxiety caused by slaughter. This is not a request
to delay the vote. And that is also the agricultural model that we want to offer our partners in Eastern Europe, together with the new, second CAP pillar. (BG) I assume that you are talking about the same
case which was mentioned a short time ago. In the situation that has arisen we are, therefore, in favour of its being possible to provide financial compensation to affected breeders. Alas, alas, alas! The
third reason is a new context, featuring global challenges such as the economic crisis and climate change, and no longer only military challenges, as used to be the case. I therefore consulted qualified
lawyers and economists. Reducing production is the key to dealing with crises in the pig farming sector. The Council agrees with the creation of 400 posts which, according to Commissioner Patten, the Commission
needs in order to eliminate the backlog of payments. The Europe of today is great: it owes its greatness to its achievements, to its potential, to its proud contribution to peace and international law,
but it owes its particular greatness to the specific technical expertise which it has brought to bear, overcoming every crisis, clash of interests and difference in vision by applying a common method,
common rules and a common approach to adjusting both method and rules to the realities of a changing world. There are still a large number of toys entering the EU market that pose a high risk to the most
vulnerable consumers. As regards the practical aspects, we cannot exactly quantify the effects of cloning yet. In particular, I have to underline that State aid granted under the temporary framework cannot
be subject, de jure or de facto, to additional conditions concerning location of investments or the geographic distribution of restructuring efforts. Can anyone fail to see that a massive flow of displaced
people may undermine civil peace and the social and economic equilibrium of a nation which undergoes such an event? I would like to take this opportunity, Mr President, to point out certain aspects of immunity,
all or, at any rate, some of which I would like to explore in greater detail, despite the fact that they have already been mentioned by Mr Zimeray. That is why we have appealed to Mr Ustinov, the State
Prosecutor-General, to review this case without delay. I strongly believe that the European Parliament will adopt this report tomorrow and that the Council will act accordingly as soon as possible. It must
also be possible for these countries to diversify their economies so that they are not dependent on imports. Recently, on 21 July 2003, the European Council confirmed that the objectives of the European
Union's policy on Cuba remain respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms, the promotion of a process of transition to a pluralist democracy, and sustainable economic recovery to improve the quality
of life of the Cuban people. Work on off-balance-sheet items is also under way in the IASB. It should also be noted that the compensation for live cattle is much less than for carcasses. After all, we have
drawn up this communication in very close collaboration with the social partners. Given the state of mind of the Commission and the European Parliament, we wanted to reiterate in another amendment the compulsory
nature of agricultural spending in terms both of the level of pricing and of income subsidies. Anyone who wants to learn what happens when you consistently spend more than you have just needs to come to
Greece. The truth is that without European cohesion funding, the gap between rich and poor regions would widen. Let me start by say something about the evolution of payments. I think we should not take such
decisions on the basis of oral amendments, so I tend to agree. Ten more countries is excessive. I would like to congratulate the rapporteur for ably piloting this legislation through the three readings in
this House and through the conciliation procedure. In the past, personal data protection has been a recurrent issue. I would commend the approach of looking particularly to the Third World and perhaps pushing
the Commission and the Council in that direction, as a very important contribution. For instance, they even changed the legislation concerning combating counterfeiting. It is expected from those who do not
see the Arab world facing a dilemma of 'either dictatorship or Islamism' and who prove every day, including with their blood, that there is also a place for democracy in this world. Incidentally, I was
surprised when I saw this: it is a fact that the active ingredients, the most important components of the medicine, very often, indeed even usually, originate from non-European countries, third countries. Were
we to do that, we would, I believe, be doing the people of Afghanistan no favours, nor would we be doing ourselves any if we want to keep Afghanistan as an international policy priority. The decisions have
been taken, and today we are at the stage of implementation. Such new provisions largely explain the decrease in asylum seekers. It would be better to keep an open mind while Europol is just beginning to
carry out its work and to give the national parliaments the chance to organise and refine their control. In the name of democracy and human rights the report calls for measures that, without care, would
merely serve to empower essentially undemocratic elements, giving greater influence and visibility to fundamental Islamists and extremists who wish to unravel any attachment to western values. This agreement
was signed on 30 June, but, although Parliament was informed unofficially by the Commission, it was only formally consulted at the end of October, and then by urgent procedure - with the unusual circumstance
that the first payment must be made before 31 December of this year. As we drive renewable technologies, carbon sequestration technologies must go hand-in-hand. I therefore support the multiannual funding
model proposed here, and most importantly, the transparent, effective use thereof. Will he still be able to see the wood for the trees? That committee, set up on ad hoc basis with a mandate of great importance,
has undertaken major consultation and discussion initiatives, and has drawn up an instrument which Europe can use to play a major role in the thirteenth Conference of the Parties in Bali. I would point
out that where the new Member States held the competitive advantage, the markets remain closed. That is an appalling fact for us to take on board. If we take part in EMU, we shall lose our economic independence. The
cross-cutting nature of the problems makes increased consistency between the various development aid policies necessary, readjusted on a case-by-case basis in line with each country's specific characteristics. Mr
President, I represent a minority. Long term today's Parliament decisions will be a major factor in dealing with unemployment and consolidates the economic base of the EU to meet the challenge of world
trade. These discrepancies are marginalised all too easily by the EU in the complementarity and coordination proposed by the rapporteur and the Commission. Also, with regard to confidentiality, I am concerned
that the present UCLAF, in my opinion, has failed to respect this confidentiality in many cases and that some case files have been disclosed. One of the extraordinary aspects of this issue is the fact that
those outside the UK who purchased policies from Equitable Life did so believing that they had European Union protection and that the regulators in their own country would protect them. Last week, while
presenting the proposal for the future common agricultural policy, you mentioned a few integrative measures that could be implemented and that could, in fact, lead, through the outcome produced by these
measures, to measures that can be controlled by opinion, by farmers as well as by the Commission, measures for which we can be sure of the scientific effect. According to witnesses, the situation is made
worse by the fact that some people even have to provide urine samples during the checks, under conditions that are tantamount to an affront to human dignity. Let me say once again that we are very clearly
in favour of new Member States entering the euro zone; this must, however, take place in accordance with particular criteria; we have a certain amount of tradition and rigour to uphold in this respect. We
shall debate the content of proposals to retain personal data. Did the question present itself to you, too, as to what we in Europe have done wrong? We need, for example, tougher emissions requirements,
we should be able to use public procurement for environmental purposes and environmental taxes and charges. As a result, Mr Cox, we will maintain the same position tomorrow as we did a few weeks ago, since,
as far as we can see, the substance of your report has not changed in any way and, therefore, the Commission proposal has not been altered. In addition, Parliament has called for the Scientific Committee
on Animal Health and Animal Welfare and to be charged with drawing up a report on the welfare of farmed fish. I simply hoped that all the active political forces would participate in the election. &#160;&#160;
Mr&#160;President, the CIA – in the name of freedom and democracy – has abducted people, transported them, made them to disappear, and has not only caused them to be tortured but has also done the deed
itself. in writing. - The regulation aims to abolish the barriers to cross-border cooperation between public enforcement authorities to detect, investigate and bring about the cessation or prohibition of
intra-EU infringements of the laws which protect consumers' interests. I was astounded at the reaction at simply having a delegation from the Renault factory here when we were about to vote on that resolution. Mr
President, since we last met, reports have been published of a meeting between the political group leaders and the President of the Czech Republic at which some of the group leaders expressed themselves
with a discourtesy and boorishness that, I think, bring a measure of disgrace on us all. That is not to say that we are one hundred percent happy. I believe we do need a European capacity to act and a European
perspective. Environmental concerns are becoming increasingly important in EU policies in general. The next item is the report (A5-0104/2003) by Mr Kirkhope, on behalf of the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms
and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs, on the initiative by the Federal Republic of Germany with a view to adopting a Council Directive (14848/2002 - C5-0011/2003 - 2003/0801(CNS)) on assistance in cases
of transit for the purposes of removal by air. At any event, the Commission is certainly prepared to study along with the House means of achieving greater harmonization, including by inviting the Member
States to submit data to show that these problems exist. The institutions of the European Union, and you, as President-in-Office of the Council, cannot tolerate this situation. That means that, in the European
Union, we, too, must endeavour to ensure that we maintain this self-sufficiency rate in terms of agricultural products and foodstuffs. Intensive negotiations are in progress with all of them, particularly
in the field of justice and home affairs. That is the important thing, and this is the perspective from which we are continuing with various types of efforts. On the one hand there is the logic emanating
from the rich, developed countries, the former colonisers, and then there is the logic of the poor countries, the ones who were formerly colonised, where power remains to this day hardly what one could
call democratic, yet all too often still enjoys the North' s approval. The Danish Social Democrats in the European Parliament have today voted against the Watson report. That is again, I think, very important. First
of all, Europe must step in when the noise source exceeds limits, for example in the form of products. Sadly, Mr Rothley's report, today approved by the House, on the patentability of biotechnological products,
including plants, animals and human genes, corresponds to what the House rejected a little more than two years ago. The consumer must therefore be informed of GMOs. Therefore, one of the proposals coming
forward from the Tampere Summit was the establishment of Eurojust. I am thinking of the urban environment, housing and social housing. However, the Croatian Government needs to improve the coordination of
central administrative institutions responsible for environmental management, in particular those for spatial planning, as well as waste, water and air quality management, in order to be able to preserve
sufficiently a unique environment and maintain a high level of biodiversity. Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, the situation in the Middle East is deteriorating. At the current stage, GALILEO does not
comply with the statement on financial programming, which was adopted by the three institutions on 20 July 2000. &#160;&#160; Commissioner Rehn’s speech on the accession of Romania and Bulgaria to the EU
is a source of hope to me. No democracy means no stability, and no stability means no economic recovery. Those principles, I believe, should guide the actions that we take: these democratic transitions must
belong to the people; they must be home-grown. &#160;&#160; Mr President, I should like to add my thanks to Mrs Schierhuber for the enthusiasm with which she has, as usual, presented her report. I would
like to emphasise that the energy sector itself will be hardest hit, particularly in countries where electricity or heat are generated using coal. These are truly worthy aspirations. One, did the Commission
know about Mrs Albright's letter unilaterally interpreting the agreements between the European Union and the Clinton Administration? The EU has a significant presence in the Pacific Islands, against a backdrop
of the majority of island states in the Pacific having recently gained their independence. However, the proper regulation and licensing of research in the scientific community is a matter for all of us,
at Member State, EU and international level, and the present state of that regulation is of some concern. That is why we need special Community action programmes for forests in the Mediterranean and the
Balkans. As you know, we have a basic difficulty: the legal basis for taking action. Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, within an hour, Parliament must clearly declare that, regardless of the outcome
of the court decision, the essence of the EU, which is solidarity, is present here, in this House, the house of the people and of the European peoples. This is achieved&#160;–&#160;as you mentioned&#160;–&#160;by
means of European neighbourhood policy action plans, and both we and the Commission feel that those with Ukraine and Moldova have been a success. What exactly have we done, then, during this first stage? Developing
the infrastructure will also give these regions a chance to participate in and profit from the internal market. In a difficult budgetary context, this increase is a positive sign and an encouragement both
to the scientific and industrial community and to Member States, where the research effort is tending to contract at a time when public and private research expenditure is continuing or picking up in the
United States and Japan, as some of you have quite rightly pointed out. In view of this, we think it is vital for the future of Objective 2 for the Commission to make the selection criteria more objective. It
also welcomed the intention to extend the range of mainly structural matters dealt with in this forum, with due regard for the conclusions of the Luxembourg European Council meeting, i.e. that the Eurogroup
be informal and without any decision-making powers. However, although we have a study, because we said that we needed a study in order to proceed, we now want to subject this study to peer review. Instead,
patentable inventions must be solutions that combine an idea with its technical execution, for example car safety systems. The BSE scandal plunged the entire European Union into a deep crisis. In addition
to frank words with our American and British friends, we need a European encryption system, independent of the United States, with which to protect our data. Can the European Commission make a comprehensive
statement as to the present state of play with regard to the WTO process? It goes without saying that such guidance cannot change the democratically approved legislation. Unless I am mistaken, not a single
one of our amendments has warranted the approval of that majority in the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs. Furthermore, the sanctions laid down in this proposal do not concern – nor are they intended
to concern – the wider population; rather, they are solely aimed at certain persons. But we should also consider all alternative means of supporting the banana industry in these circumstances. It is essential
to provide them with all necessary conditions for high-performance education in the spirit of inter-cultural dialogue and mutual tolerance. I see these measures as laboratories and I am very interested
in their impact and in their future as part of the mainstream within the framework of the Structural Funds. This summer, the Council adopted a directive to combat discrimination on the basis of race or
ethnic origin. Last February, the wives and mothers of the political prisoners expressed their appreciation to the European institutions for the support they give. Despite the fact that this issue has been
discussed for years now, no agreement has been reached with Canada and the United States so the Commission's proposal to remit this again cannot be accepted. For this, we Members of the European Parliament
must be especially grateful, for anything else would gravely endanger the European Union both as it is today and as it will be. In the case of the clergy, such rights may not be for the secular authorities
to determine, but surely in such instances the churches themselves should aspire to the highest possible standards, particularly where avenues of redress and issues of discrimination are concerned. Is this
all we have to show for our much-vaunted cooperation and coordination? The European Commission is invited to participate, not least in view of its trade and other responsibilities on behalf of the whole
Union. This is mere window-dressing. What the resolution has done is to give us the most extensive reforms ever of the internal workings of the European Commission. Poverty is still feminised, and not only
in what is called the third world. The current evidence presents a clear breach of Articles 2 and 18. If Parliament were to accept tomorrow the Clegg report we would show that we can. I urge you to support
Amendment No 10. The most important thing, however, is to develop a parallel political framework. The proposal that we should advise the press on how to report terrorist actions cannot, in my view, be accepted. By
voting for the report I was expressing my personal hope and that of all the pensioners in Italy and Europe that, in future, particular attention will be paid in television programming to the dignity and
the involvement of the elderly in the world of culture. Similarly, I have to say that I have yet to hear a reasonable explanation of why Douglas Hogg was unable to attend the committee of inquiry's meeting. I
am waiting for him to follow up on what he said. I understand that this is a diplomatic issue between two countries who are not even European Union members, but it has serious repercussions on European
Union citizens whose interests lie in travelling to Libya in order to earn their living. At national level, for example, there are 4 different maximum lengths for rigid buses, meaning that some buses are
unsuitable for EU-wide use, thereby distorting competition. The Spanish Government has pushed forward the Action Plan on Morocco, as mentioned by the Council representative, which this Parliament approved
with a budget line of EUR 10 million. Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for remaining here for this topic, which is actually a lot more important than it would seem from the number
of Members present in the House. Furthermore, Agenda 2000 identifies SAVE and Altener as priority programmes. The title ‘European Capital of Culture’ is one that really is tremendously important for many
cities. Funding administered by our own government would ensure that the whole transport infrastructure - rail, road and air - receives the attention it deserves for the benefit of all our small businessmen
in the South-West, and all of those people involved in our vital tourism industry. If this money had been paid out straight away by the Danish State without it having to do a circuit around Brussels, it
would have been worth a lot more than it is now. That single sentence contains two completely contradictory ideas. I must congratulate Herbert Bösch on his excellent report. Mr President, Commissioner, ladies
and gentlemen, I should like to associate myself with the previous speakers' comments and to congratulate the Commission and the Council first of all on their swift action and then to offer my congratulations
to Mrs Gill on her excellent work. This is very close to my heart, because I believe that the work that was done there was sound. In my opinion - and I hail from the Netherlands, one of the countries from
which transit traffic originates - this will undoubtedly result in people looking for secret routes through the Alpine region, which may then be exempted. Why not talk about the multinationals established
in some Member States who tear their hair out when we discuss the production and consumption of tobacco? Besides, it would mean that the EU is throwing money away. It is essential to understand the situation
of each of the forms of transport. Mobilisation of the Flexibility Instrument for the Lifelong Learning Programme, for the Competitiveness and Innovation Programme and for Palestine ( The Commissioner should
be asking what is going to happen to the 100 and more ships that are leaving EU waters this year to be dumped and destroyed in the Third World in a totally unacceptable manner, rather than making remarks
about things being done properly by the British. A further delay in the process brings with it two major drawbacks: the broad support within Macedonia for EU membership will crumble away, and the status
of the candidate country will thus lose all meaning in future. (NL) Madam President, it seems that we have a new rule in Europe: in case of doubt, create an agency. I am very grateful to Parliament for understanding
the necessity for minor changes and I am looking forward to our having a very broad and strong debate on new outlines for the trans-European transport network in the months to come. It is necessary, primarily
for Turkey itself, in order to safeguard the rights of all minorities, to reduce the electoral limit for seats in Parliament and to safeguard labour rights, such as the right to strike and collective bargaining. One
of them is the absence of Europe-wide lists in European elections. You need to be blind and insensitive not to see the disastrous consequences for everyone, and for the speculators themselves, resulting
from these natural disasters: hectares and hectares of forest going up in smoke coincide with the overheating of the earth's atmosphere, with the creation of phenomena such as the greenhouse effect and
El Niño causing flooding, hurricanes and extraordinary climatic changes worldwide. We would have liked you to extend the reduced VAT rates to all goods covered by the Kyoto Protocol. It is certainly feared
- and there is sound scientific research to show it - that these chemicals are responsible for the apparent drop in sperm counts amongst men in many Western countries. I am very pleased that the European
Parliament has taken up a clear position on behalf of the regions. That is still the Group of the Greens’ position. On the last day of those negotiations, when the whole of the world was standing by and
wanting a conclusion to those negotiations, we were under intense pressure from the United States to agree to provisions relating to audiovisual and cultural matters which would have weakened and put at
risk our own audiovisual and cultural policy. I think that the European public deserves as much. I am sure the Member will understand that, within the range of material I have, this is as comprehensive as
I can be. We are aware that at present Europe's output of grain and other agricultural products is low, and, in general, particularly at this time of crisis. I wonder if you could comment on that. That is
why I am in favour of a minimum number of rules and limitations affecting reinforced cooperation between neighbours, as long as such cooperation is not intended to disadvantage third parties. However, we
must admit that, for the current reality of Europeans to resemble the vision you have just described, many changes must be made to the procedures and structures of the European Union. The trade defence
instruments must be applied according to the current rules and practice. Others place hope in us, await us, call on us, alas, too often without response. I do not wish to end this parliamentary term as rapporteur
and hand on legislation to the next Parliament where the text of the directive that is debated is inconsistent, illogical and contradictory. It is a serious ethical issue. This is essential to preserve the
EU authorisation system, with the Member States playing an active role during the risk assessment prior to an EU-wide authorisation, but without duplication at national level once the authorisation is
given. Briefly, the European Union is represented by the President-in-Office of the Council. I shall try to speak in French. It will be able to simultaneously make air transport safer and quicker, of course,
but also, and above all, less polluting and less expensive. Most of those suggestions would, as it happens, have been unacceptable to either the Commission or Parliament or, indeed, both. The Council would
like to see the dialogue, which comprises regular summits, focusing on a number of strategic themes and prioritising the issues which are important for promoting continuity. It is perfectly possible for
the Commission to act as if the protocol were in force from this afternoon. And I can tell you moreover that we have - Martin Bangemann's departments and mine - set up a joint group to monitor, from morning
till night, so to speak, what is happening and, if we find that something is going wrong or veering off track, we can step in immediately and as quickly as possible. Western countries have never accepted
that contradiction and we are now seeing its dramatic effects. (DE) Mr President, I voted in favour of this report because the European Parliament has agreed a comprehensive strategy here to combat human
trafficking and illegal immigration. We need to undertake a serious study of the means of action based on a clear system of priorities: first, to safeguard forests and genetic resources; secondly, there
has to be a European forestry register, diversified criteria for use, clear rules, technical assessment and protection from dangers. We agree with the general thrust of the report but the reincorporation
of certain amendments waters down the ambitions which we should be adopting. First of all there is a very firm commitment to ensuring transition in the East. Therefore, I would like to see progress at the
Cancún conference. The Roma population is a young population with a significant proportion of them under the age of 20. Ammonia and hydrocarbons are also increasingly used in the new equipment. The problem,
however, lies in the line that separates an island, divides Europe and causes suffering on both sides. I am a Christian Democrat and, to quote François Mauriac, ' I forgive trespasses, but I remember the
dates' . on behalf of the ECR Group. - Mr President, the ECR Group fully supports Icelandic accession to the European Union, although the decision is firmly a matter for Icelanders alone in a referendum. One
of the studies we are funding will examine the effect that the marketing of alcohol has on young people, another will look at the impact of alcohol on elderly people in 10 different EU Member States and
yet another will investigate the effect that cross-border trade has on national alcohol policy. Cooperation among most members was very strong and the amendments we agreed all follow some very important
principles and I shall now outline some of them. It is probably the experience of power that makes things more comprehensible and makes people more responsible. I should like to thank Mrs Berger on behalf
of the Commission for having drafted that report. Historically, the very concept of international relations has really excluded women. This cannot be confined to operational safety, where the Commission
has rightly listed a number of standards. Too much has happened for this not to be taken into account in a meaningful way. I should like to join in the congratulations to the rapporteur for this report and
to the Commission for being so innovative and thinking in terms of INTERREG IIc. No we have not given up the fight for a drugs-free Europe. An until recently very close associate of President Chávez has
even termed the process a 'coup'. It must be borne in mind that the national courts are the first guardians of the Community legal order and therefore the Commission deals with a relatively small proportion
of Community law infringements. The Commission has always been receptive to the concerns expressed by Parliament and, indeed, shares most of them. Did we treat Milosevic and the Kosovans equally? The fact
that Iceland has ambitions to accede to the European Union sends a message of confidence to the European construct. This will enable a thorough analysis to be conducted, so that the consequent actions necessary
to ensure compliance with the Treaty and legislation in the area of equal treatment and opportunities for men and women can be determined. In recent months, the work has been concentrated on the patent
system's court-related aspects. The European Central Bank (ECB) annual report is primarily an investigation into the way in which the ECB responded to the financial and economic crisis. It lagged behind
our own development as people. There is a legitimate market in mainland Europe for young cattle from Irish farms. Vice-President of the Commission. - Mr President, this debate clearly confirms that both
energy and innovation are absolutely crucial for the future of Europe and the future of the European economy. I do not mean that we should keep silent, for example, about environmental problems, lack of
democracy or human rights violations in Russia. Extreme natural phenomena are not the only cause of rising food prices, but the volatility of the markets and the subsidy on biogas production also play a
role. It turned out that the children were talented but that their mentality and traditions called for a modified style of teaching. We are all finally beginning to see that remarkable success requires significant
investments, concrete action plans and the removal of administrative burdens. The British Conservative delegation voted against this report because its main recommendations do not serve the interests of
efficient UK sugar producers, nor would they, in our view, bring about the reduction in EU sugar production needed to avoid linear quota cuts in future. There is no clear evidence of this kind in the case
of Mr Tomczak. Otherwise, as history has always shown, power corrupts. They have enabled us to approach the human-rights situation in individual countries - often in connection with more general human-rights
issues - in a highly visible as well as far less confrontational manner. I very much agree with the call in the document for an all-embracing strategy to be submitted to the Commission, aimed at promoting
non-formal education, and I would call for this document's key recommendations to be directly linked to the multiannual financial framework. It is noticeable that they are now completely silent and that
it is now only the Confederal Group of the European United Left/Nordic Green Left which is demanding the democratisation of monetary union. Mr President, tonight we are talking about exceptional market
measures for a very successful industry in the EU. Again, I do not think I need to discuss how badly many environmental regulations are transposed in the EU, as there are enough infringement proceedings
in progress – a plethora of them, in fact – to demonstrate that. However, I would like to address another aspect of the issue. &#160;&#160; . – Mr President, Commissioner, the title of this report, which
you, Mr President, have just read out, may be somewhat incomprehensible to the public. I would like to make it clear that the question of cofinancing agricultural policy has nothing to do with the cheapest
version of the net-contributor debate that we keep hearing but that it is necessary in order to achieve what we have always called for: structural reform that will bring about more democracy in expenditure
policy and that, above all, can make us capable of enlargement, for otherwise we would never manage to finance eastward enlargement. The steps that can be taken towards this end are many and varied and,
as far as we are concerned, must begin with specific elements of school life. Therefore, in order to ensure a stable situation for populations working in agriculture, rural development policy should focus
more strongly on creating innovative and sustainable living and working conditions in rural areas. The Union will have a greater political role in the world, will at last be able to carry weight, and, I
hope, will exert greater influence in the comity of nations in spreading abroad the ideal of peace which presided over its birth. It is time we did so too. There are other darker forces waiting in the wings
of this conflict. I am very glad that the minister tackled the problems concerning the work of the Council of Ministers so frankly for I am of the opinion that they have not been discussed sufficiently,
and there remain for us many tricky problems to be solved. For years the EU has wrung its hands over this but, frankly, has done nothing to stop it. I share with her the belief that the relevant timescale
is from now until the Kyoto Conference. It would be yes if there were any appropriate, correct and level-headed political intervention by the European Union and the Member States, if it were not for the
superficial and very rapid recognition of the former Yugoslavian republics or the support by Member States of the European Union for the degraded Mobutu regime in Zaire, when perhaps the political security
we ought to support would have given us much better results. We have also taken on board a number of other amendments from individual MEPs. Second, the abolition of the criterion of the shipowner's nationality
as a condition of registration. We will not take one side or another – the European People’s Party will certainly do no such thing – but we are not mincing words when we express our view that human rights
are human rights, that political detainees are political detainees, and that, if there is any real desire for a solution to this knotty problem, these latter must be set at liberty with neither ifs nor
buts. And that is why we have SOLAS (the International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea) and MARPOL (the International Convention for the Prevention of Pollution from Ships), two conventions of
the International Maritime Organisation which will eventually have to be made mandatory in all Member States of the Union and whose application will have to be monitored. Too few criminals are brought to
justice. It is also in our interests - in the very objective interests of the Member states of the European Union and of that Union as a whole. Mr President, I believe that a plan is beginning to emerge
to reform the common fisheries policy even if, as usual, it is a policy that particularly affects Europe, deals with the problems of territorial waters and succeeds with difficulty in defining a different
relationship with third countries. I cannot forget the Liberal Democrat leader Graham Watson's comment that Osama bin Laden had done more for the process of European integration than anyone since Jacques
Delors! The strength of this House also lies in its representation. I am sure there will be other Members here who have comments to make. This obligation is imposed, in particular, on those subsidies which,
up to now, have been financed from headings which, because of their position in the budgetary nomenclature, tended to be treated as administrative expenditure and so could be paid without a legal base. We
do agree with you, however, that the questions which have been raised need to be taken into account during the forthcoming reform of the Financial Regulation. It is real progress that we now have independent
accident investigation, irrespective of culpability, in shipping too. This regulation will make sure that hydrogen-based systems are as safe as the conventional propulsion technologies, contributing to
the stimulation of industry for building such type of vehicles. I have emphasised the scope of this measure, given that Members of the European Parliament do not have the right to legislative initiatives. The
overall cost of climate policy to the EU would also remain low as a consequence. &#160;&#160; Today, the European Parliament has adopted a report that presents proposals concerning a variety of efforts
to combat child labour. Of course there is an economic dimension, but I repeat that it is not the only one as far as I am concerned. Indeed, Mr&#160;Verhofstadt’s public involvement cannot be organised until
he is certain of being right and not at any risk of losing. We denounce this type of practice as lacking in transparency. It is also, as Mr Van Lancker has said, an issue, which touches very strongly on
poverty. It should have been made clear from the start that a foreign military presence could only offer false illusions. Mr&#160;Juncker is not one of them. Mrs Haug mentions that the amount of money coming
in from the nation-states through gross national product is going to rise. If Europe wishes to be strong, it needs three things, and those three things go together: greater competitiveness, greater social
cohesion and a better-balanced natural environment. This clause only applies to discriminatory measures and therefore does not exclude the possibility of adopting new, restrictive, non-discriminatory rules
in order, for instance, to protect the environment further. This does not have to be compulsory but it is undoubtedly a tool which helps them to move from country to country more easily. In the new Egypt,
all citizens, irrespective of their religion, must be equal before the law, with equal rights for all. Finally, a few words on regional policy. I believe that collecting and publishing data and information
for the Member States in these sectors will create significant pressure on them to implement precisely these recommendations and the guidelines which they agree with. If you want a positive list, the first
issue to be discussed is how to establish the criteria by which the positive list will be managed. Seabed disturbance in many coastal waters and deeper waters threatens biodiversity. I am well aware that
to implement such a dramatic reversal of policy will require sticks and carrots: sticks to hit those who offend and continue to dump dead fish, but carrots by way of financial compensation to the fishermen
who land fish they would otherwise have thrown over the side. Ultimately, it will only be legal to use those active substances included on the list annexed to the directive in biocidal products of this
kind. The main problem with control mechanisms within European Community waters is driven by the fact that we have excess fishing capacity in our fleets. It is ridiculous to ban it internally. on behalf of
the PSE Group. - Mr President, we now have 17 million unemployed in Europe. In this, you can count on our loyal support and friendship, and I hope that in the Bureau too, given the commitments which await
us, we will be able to do our best, not only to make Parliament work, but also to take Europe forwards. Welcome to the Vice-President of the Commission/High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs
and Security Policy. There is only one thing I ask: do not let us kid ourselves that this debate is unnecessary; that if only we can assume business as usual, people will sooner or later relent and acquiesce
in Europe as it is, not as they want it to be. Another important point of this paper includes providing incentives to investors for rural and remote areas, as well as islands. I shall listen very carefully
to Parliament's message, and we shall then see. If we do not want to pursue symbolic policies, we need to think and act in a result-oriented manner. Important issues such as conditions of access to networks
of new operators or conditions for the financing of universal service remain ill defined. I must give special mention here to the fact that the rights of individuals belonging to minorities have at long
last been included in the eighty-thousand-page acquis communautaire, since every seventh citizen in Europe, in the European Union, belongs to a long-standing minority. The present proposal also contains
a new budget item of EUR 27 million. This has worked well, as the Member State has had both the functional and economic responsibility. Constantly and emphatically call for an improvement in human rights
and exert pressure: yes! This way, they will not be able to neglect their responsibility to improve security for long. The Dutch, on the other hand, must do more to meet foreign criticism of Dutch drugs
policy. This needs to be considered as part of the EU's energy strategy as we move towards a low-carbon economy and reduced dependence on oil supplies from third countries. Are the trade agreements unscrupulous,
or does Africa have nothing to trade? As colleagues are aware - particularly those who follow football and other sporting events where public disorder is very much the order of the day - it is important
that the text should read correctly in all languages. This matter must be dealt with, for it is unthinkable that we should have to put up with this type of demonstration taking place inside Parliament in
the name of democracy, open doors and freedom. The fight against corruption is proving more successful than in other countries in the region. in writing. - (PT) The costs associated with introducing 'intellectual
property' protection standards in the pharmaceutical sector in 'developing countries' have been known about for a long time. Today the Vatican is marking World AIDS Day by condemning the disease as a spiritual
illness, which it calls ‘moral immunodeficiency syndrome’, which demonstrates the ethical and technical shortcomings of the Catholic Church. Our Group tabled an amendment taking up the Council's proposal,
an amendment which was judged to be inadmissible when in fact, quite obviously, it was a qualification of the annex mentioned in Article 1 of the proposal for a resolution. The Katiforis report highlighted
the importance of this principle. That is why the reduction and prevention of ambient noise will feature prominently in future European environment policies. Surely it cannot be the case that, in a United
Europe, non-TGV cross-border rail traffic, of all things, becomes much more expensive or even disappears. So the potential wins from agriculture and NAMA are clear, but it is important that the potential
long-term benefits from services liberalisation and trade facilitation, resulting in greater real market access, are also given equal weight in the negotiations. Mrs González Álvarez, you are certainly
not being a nuisance. Therefore, I would like to ask the Commission to meet these requirements in the funding criteria for 2013. But improvements are still possible. To South-East Asia? The regime bullies
thousands of forced labourers, thousands of political detainees languish in the country's prisons, and the President, once democratically elected with an overwhelming majority, the holder of the Nobel
Prize - and also the holder of the European Parliament's Sakharov Prize - was imprisoned for years and then, after a short period in which the hope of a thin silver lining of democracy could be seen on
the horizon, was arrested again on 31 May this year together with nine other members of the country's parliament. I am glad to say that we received a swift and effective response from the Italian Cabinet
and, within a few days, further and binding undertakings were given which resolved the issues. This might well apply in the case of Finland. Mr President, while I was in the aeroplane on the way to Slovakia,
I closed my eyes for a second, as frequently happens, resulting in interesting dreams which I have related in many explanations of vote. We must not only implement supervision of the financial markets and
determine the risks, but also develop a mechanism to prevent financial speculation and fraudulent financial reporting. My country Lithuania, battling with the economic crisis, abolished VAT reductions. In
addition, at Poland's request, the Commission has initiated a safeguard investigation concerning the import of frozen strawberries. We must strive to achieve continuous streamlining of procedures for the
management of EU finances and the control of expenditure, with particular regard to the role of the European Parliament as the institution that grants a discharge in respect of implementation of the budget. It
is complex, because the parameters adopted may not necessarily apply across the board to all areas of the economy at such a delicate time. &#160;&#160; Mr&#160;President, I wish to begin by thanking the
Commissioner for his answer to the question. These forms of competition must be stopped. I am expecting that, in Dublin, we shall arrive at an agreement on the main elements of the stability pact. Of course,
we have to consider the fight against terrorism not only in itself but also in relation to the creation of the area of freedom, security and justice, and to the Tampere commitments that are part of this
more integrated Europe that we wish to build for the future. The PPE-DE Group approves Amendments Nos 1 to 5 but cannot support Amendment No 6. Mr President, I ask for a minute’s silence to be observed today
to commemorate the victims of German Nazism. The second basic principle, and the absolutely most important one, is that the most dangerous substances of all - those that give people cancer and allergies
and that affect people's reproductive ability etc - are to be substituted. We observe how other Swedish parties have abandoned that pledge and are ready to transfer these issues to EU level. Another difficult
area is the appointment of senior officials. Without it, fishing is not sustainable ecologically or economically. Let me ask you a question, Mr Cook. I therefore send my biggest congratulations to the rapporteur
for that achievement. The working rights of partners also need to be improved. There are positive features to be mentioned. Angola has enormous resources, huge talents and huge hopes. Local and regional authorities
claim this has been a grey area in which the Commission itself has sought to exploit ambiguity. Consequently, I wish to put forward the idea that, until there is scientific evidence to support it, we should
neither gratuitously request that the age for obligatory BSE testing be lowered, nor should we ask for the list of risk material to be extended. Mrs Van Lancker spoke about the pension system. The issue
also concerned what we are doing in the field of prevention, treatment and care as regards HIV, malaria and tuberculosis. When it comes to communication services and computer and related services, however,
productivity is higher in Europe. On 24 September, the Evans Report on asylum and security was a step in the right direction, even though my group took the view that these proposals did not go far enough. I
would like to see this proposal soon. That is over! There are many people, lonely people in particular, who are very dependent on the animals with which they share their lives. That is why it is extremely
important to have a period of reflection, in which we show ourselves to be restrained and moderate, and make it clear, by adopting appropriate policies, that we can win back the hearts of the people if
we hold a dialogue of this kind. No European leader should jeopardise the joint response, as Mr Berlusconi' s government has just done. The other issue that came up between us was the question of the payment
of donors. The crucial factor for change is for the wage gap to be made apparent, not only at national level but also at every place of work and within every branch of industry, that is to say at that level
at which the wage negotiations take place. The vote on this item will take place today. I would still much rather face the problems that have arisen as a result of opening the borders, than have to continue
living with my back to the wall of the Iron Curtain, as we had to for decades. Yet, immediately on from that, there is a series of articles which explain why Turkey does not fulfil the Copenhagen criteria
for recognition as a candidate country! Do not let the protection of human rights be seen as incompatible with the fight against terrorism. My second example is Cuba which we discussed a few weeks ago with
Mr Galeote Quecedo. Mr President, the regional fisheries organisations are today without doubt the best, if not the only, guarantee for the management of world fish stocks, and they are likely be even more
significant in the future. On the one hand, the new Member States would be granted EUR&#160;14 billion less in appropriations than what was proposed in the June compromise, the amount of which was itself
meagre. After all, as Galbraith said: 'Money is not superior to democracy'. Karamanou Report (A5-0312/2000) This demonstration does, however, create a difficult precedent and though, today, there is great
consensus on the Timor question, you will understand that this may not always be the case. Broad economic guidelines for 2001 In order to reach this strict ozone standard, the NOx emissions from traffic,
in particular, and the emission of volatile organic substances will need to go down drastically. It always wins! In the field of macroeconomic policy, we do not go into the issue of interest rates, we do
not express our opinion. Mediation may also be sought from the European Commission so that the path to European Union membership can finally be opened to the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia. Furthermore,
we intend to produce a communication on this subject - on the Pyrenees and the Alps - before the end of the year, proposing concrete solutions. Secondly, there is the Portuguese Presidency' s assertion
of civil values and respect for human dignity. Human resources must be used in an efficient way and improving partnerships must remain at the forefront of European R[amp]D policy-making. Taxes may seem to
be an elaborate solution during a crisis, but if such a measure is implemented properly, its impact can extend beyond fiscal matters into education. We have been the first to show that cap and trade can
work. I believe that the system should be mandatory in all Member States. The second principle is coherence with EU common policies. And for that reason we must push through practicable rules. Turkey should
indeed be pushed in the direction of greater respect for human rights. When I consider the development in the last few years, I detect that there has been a basic improvement. Without such a dispute settlement
mechanism, without those rules, we would have very little ammunition indeed in this contest. I will, of course, report back to Mr&#160;Rehn, and I am convinced that in the next meetings, he will probably
be able to come and answer those questions in person. I must emphasise that our group, albeit after an animated internal discussion, has decided not to table any amendments. Here in plenary and in the committee
we have often discussed the current situation in the Mediterranean, which we MEPs have still not succeeded in resolving. There is always one condition, namely that these self-regulatory agreements are monitored
effectively. It makes it possible to respond to several concerns: environmental concerns, through the implementation of measures enabling a reduction in CO2 emissions; operational concerns, as it aims to
rationalise air traffic by means of increased capacities and optimal planning of air routes; and, finally, concerns for the safety of the European public, by calling for cooperation and coordination between
the various actors. The report should, however, have been able to remind people to a greater extent how total investments in the EU could increase. We are always being warned against giving any one side
preferential treatment; nobody in this region is going to be given any. It is important that money for debt cancellation comes from new funds and the diversion of existing resources for development. We do
not want that, and that is why we must take a clear stand against it. The unilateral position of the Commission has not been accepted by the Court. Here is an issue which goes far beyond our debate, but
which, and I would like to emphasise this, Madam President, emerges every time we discuss new problems of this kind. Transparency is the first and most important condition for doing away with this mismanagement. This
of course applies equally to the tracking down of stolen nuclear material and its safe storage. We should also like to say that we are most surprised that the Swedish Government, in the Council of Ministers,
according to the minutes of 5 February, did not support Italy's demand for a tightening-up of the rules relating to both the short-term thermal effects and the long-term risks, for example of cancer, which
largely corresponds with the Tamino report. Mr President, it is a privilege to be here today to discuss with you an issue to which this Parliament and the Dutch presidency attach great importance: arms
export policy and the European Union Code of Conduct on Arms Exports. In social policy, this means that we need a directive to protect public services at long last. Our group is in favour of establishing
the fund. For this reason, I voted in favour of the report on vaccination against bluetongue. Of course, we are also talking about effectiveness of decisions and functioning institutions in a Union of 27
plus Member States. It must be ensured that frequencies cannot be accumulated, and that there be no monopolies. While people will argue with some elements of it, it has to be stated that a constitution can
always be amended by way of referendum and, if we find at European Union level that some aspects of it are not in keeping with European law and values, that can be done and taken on board. The personal
commitment that you express with great conviction: that of the right to education for the poor, in particular women, because poverty harms women especially. Without these efforts and contributions we would
not have been able to arrive at this moment. With regard to all of these factors, realism is needed. Its purpose is also to complete the simplification of procedures on receiving medical care abroad by extending
some of those modifications to the identical procedures regarding benefits for accidents at work and occupational diseases. This is apparent, for example, in Darfur. Mr President, in these two requests for
the raising of parliamentary immunity it is a question of considering the facts as they occurred, independently of the personality of our colleague. I promise you that the Commission does not feel any kind
of inhibitions about taking the decisions or initiatives that Europe deserves. These are so low that they allow neither the farmers of the North nor those of the South to produce in a way that respects
the environment and at the same time to earn enough money to support their families. In the event of a delay, or more particularly the postponement of a flight until the following day, passengers have a
right to compensation which is regulated by law. Can you tell me what the ratio, the weighting is between these two principles? Its objective was to ensure that we no longer cause harm to human health. (SV)
Mr President, I welcome the strategy even though I think that it has been watered down. Women, of course, are still in a dire situation in all sectors. Greater synergies in practice mean that actions financed
by the various cohesion policy funds are prepared, designed and implemented within the framework of an integrated common plan, so that each action uses and complements the positive results of other actions. The
obstacles to true economic growth and increased employment are well known by now, and most of the Member States are falling over one another to suggest solutions which they do not then put into practice. These
are the causes which must be combated through development cooperation, rather than using it to repress their effects. This is also a question of regulating working time. As regards third countries - I imagine
the reference is to fishermen from third countries - the Commission maintains the exclusion of this possibility from its proposal because it does not exist in the Italian government's plan, though it has
no objection to extensions of this kind if the Italian authorities want to consider it. While there is justifiable concern about the state of ambient air in Europe, I would like to take this opportunity
to emphasise that air quality in Europe has, over the past decades, been improved as a result of stringent legal regulation and technical advances. In the case of women managers, this figure reaches 20%
and even 30%, when it comes to managers of SMEs. I wish to conclude by emphasising that, in any case, the candidate countries deserve the greatest respect for the efforts they have made to date with accession
to the EU in mind. Soviet history reminds us that central counting of tractor production does not, in itself, bring a strong economy, and centralised taxes or a centralised treasury are not a Utopian solution
either. I do not believe it would be a legitimate act for a British Government to sign us up to the Constitution on behalf of our people on these terms, and in those circumstances I should be perfectly
happy not to qualify for this funding. With all due respect to Mr van den Broek, we are aware that the system will operate on a first come, first served basis, but the problem is that it will be the larger
vessels which come forward first, because they are worth more. Under the Council of Europe's draft declaration, the parties are supposed to protect the dignity and identity of the human being and guarantee
a right of self-determination for all in the areas of biology and medicine. After 20 years of stagnation in food production in Europe and low incomes for farmers we have had enough. You know how much importance
I have attached to the fight for jobs ever since the start of my mandate. Finally, while I fully accept the right of Turkey and Russia to be observers in EURONEST, neither country should use this position
for its own foreign policy ends. When we talk about adaptation measures then we are also talking about funding. I feel honoured to be present today and to be a party to this historic decision. The current
situation is characterised by the existence of various service provision systems, implemented by fifty or so air traffic control centres, with two dozen different management systems and 70 computer programming
languages. I join with these communities in demanding that these pools are kept open; keep recreation facilities in working-class communities open for the people and close down the developers and the bond-holders. I
do not believe that this tax on financial transactions could regulate the world financial system either; it is not about that. What you are doing, in fact, is comparing apparent actions so as to ride out
the storm for a while and hold out until the Constitution is accepted, almost certainly in an unadulterated form, in just a few years. Hence the expediency of the Commission' s communication in May last
year and the present report by the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy. Let us work together, move forward and dispel forever the idea that the Commission is going
to withdraw this proposal. It is going to deal with all the TSEs and that includes scrapie. I am the first to understand that Europe's relationship with ASEAN is widely based and most important. Thanks to
this political movement, which has emerged from the historically most scorned and hated sector, the sector that has suffered most discrimination: the original indigenous people. We voted against the report
for the reasons above, and also because this proposal is based on a factually incorrect presumption of a global shortage of opiates for medicinal use. The Hungarian revolution was popular, national and
anticommunist. The principles set out by the Commission and in the report by Mr Pirker do seem to be realistic. No, we have to do more, and we can do more. Even though it was largely responsible for the crisis,
it is not being required to pick up the costs. I welcome the calls for greater transparency which I consider is the bank's best defence against calls to amend the Treaty to reduce its operational independence,
and Mr Duisenberg has undertaken to publish the econometric models, for which he should be congratulated. Indeed, the trialogue process, it can be argued, has been more transparent than a conciliation process,
in which only final texts of negotiations are published. There is first of all the question of a political Europe, Mr President-in-Office: the euro's introduction is clearly a major step forward towards
the integration of European countries, but it has made Europe look technocratic, with an operation that has started at the top and that has not involved citizens at the bottom. We must continue along these
lines. Parliament is ready. We are of the view, finally, that the list of travel documents should be legally binding. Effective crime prevention requires closer co-operation among Member States, which in
practice means the co-ordination of legislation and better co-ordination with respect to co-operation with the police and the investigation of crime. We once had a case of trying to find a location for
a waste disposal site, the application for which had been turned down. Madam President, there is to be an international conference on 7 July on the "Colombia Plan" which is to bring donor countries together,
in the context of the aid plan for that country, also known as the "Marshall Plan" . We welcome the recognition of the need for a single procedure in all Member States and find it very interesting that
we are talking about reviewing the role of the Court of Justice this week. Too often, when taking difficult domestic political decisions, politicians from the Member States do not forget to justify them
by reference to European Union requirements. It is a shameful occurrence, on the record of this House, for those people who did it. It is, however, an important part of a solution to bring about a more sustainable
transport system. As my fellow Member has also said, we still need funds. This means, firstly, that a Member State, which is a constitutional state, like France, has taken decisions in accordance with a
legal judgement and the executive... Several speakers have referred to the fact that the per capita income is extremely low in this country, and child labour is a sign of this, and must be considered accordingly. Public
authorities choose the cheapest offer, not the greenest one. To conclude, I would like to say that it is important that the candidate countries take part in this work soon and that the regional and local
authorities also be given an active role to play. That is not the intention of EU TDI policy and I will, of course, remain vigilant on that. They could also, for example, open up the services market to national
and foreign suppliers, but without entering into any multilateral GATS commitment. There are increasing requests to the EU to provide assistance and support in these areas. Indeed, detergents are not dangerous
in the sense of the Dangerous Preparations Directive. Finally, ladies and gentlemen, we must hold our course. This is the main reason why I believe that we need to put across a clearer summary of the truly
significant propositions of our programmes. We are in favour, however, of the proposal to set up an inquiry into the development of new methods for funding major infrastructure projects of common European
interest. We really must succeed in fulfilling the needs of the population, and their expectations of the European Union. Al-Qaeda already has a strong presence there, and there are at least two secessionist
movements trying to rip the country apart. So we are very clear in our messages. That will probably not be that straightforward in procedural terms, but the groups here should in any case be able to comment
verbally on what comes out of Madrid. Before we do that, we have a duty to ensure that those rules are necessary, will work to enhance European business's rights and opportunities, and will serve their
part in the opening up of global markets in our fight to improve employment and to create a level playing field. Who will finance this action? We should therefore cooperate in their development so that we
can continue along the path of eastward enlargement, extending the route to Santiago de Compostela onward to Moscow and the Urals, a dream that could come true in 20 or 30 years' time. Is the Commission
prepared to review the priority projects and give priority to upgrading the Atlantic line? If the European Union approves cosmetic improvements like this, it loses all credibility and the whole of the rest
of the negotiating process becomes a grotesque farce. The report by the Committee on Petitions states that the Committee approves the special report being discussed and, in particular, the point which states
the desire to improve the impression the public gets of the institutions from our competitions procedures. When you complain, therefore, complain to the right place. I am therefore appealing for us here
to focus our attention on the political developments that are needed. I would stress the importance for European companies and jobs within the EU of protecting geographical indications, and I welcome the
efforts made by the Commission to include the protection of geographical indications within the scope of ACTA. Will it be enough, is it really 1.5% or is this renaming of expenditure already planned? It
is very much in their hands, but we have no time limits. What we must ensure - and this is why we want to invoke our parliamentary powers of scrutiny - is that this collected data is truly unconnected with
any private speculative ambitions but that is actually used, as you have said, for the sole purpose of harvest and yield forecasting. Firstly, monopolies must always be exceptions to competition law and
there must be sound reasons for them. Many European countries, including my country, Poland, already issue perfectly good driving licences equipped with a great many security features, and paper driving
licences are in any case being gradually replaced. I would like to know whether you are going to stop completely the funding at this stage until there is a proper investigation. I was watching the screen
and you jumped from Question 41 to 49. It is important that this scheme is as flexible and unbureaucratic as possible. We shall have problems explaining this to consumers. Poverty, wherever it exists, is
the main reason, the main factor which causes this phenomenon. I would also ask the Commission to fully evaluate FRONTEX's activities with regard to their impact on fundamental freedoms and rights, including
the responsibility to protect. Let us say so, and say so proudly, the Maastricht method has been remarkably successful. I should like to conclude by saying that the demographic challenges currently facing
Europe are serious, but that there are ways of addressing these challenges. President Barroso, I would like to ask how many millions of signatures we would need to collect today, as part of a citizens’
initiative, in order for the Commission to hear the voice of the citizens. This wording means that the Community brings together only the States, each of which depends on the support of its people. Question
No 33 by Jonas Sjöstedt (H-0895/97) I am delighted that all of that is firmly behind us. Ladies and gentlemen, we wished to mark this day — the end of World War II, Europe Day and first anniversary of the
reunified Europe — in a formal and unusual manner, with music in the Chamber. Perhaps they have their priorities wrong. Last but not least, respect for human rights and democracy must be ensured in all these
countries, since the EU is after all a community based on shared values. It seems to me that Serbia has finally made up its mind that it genuinely wants a European future for itself. We are trying very specifically
to define - and the second stage will be to look at this from an institutional point of view - to define the social responsibility of companies, their responsibilities in the wake of restructuring and
their responsibilities in the local area, in the society in which they operate, which is why, as we said this morning, a Commission communication will be presented at the end of June. We must address the
question of solidarity not only in the case of Greece, but also in shaping the long-term policies of the European Union, and I say this in the context of the agreement that we expect in the Council on
the goals of the 2020 strategy. In politics, Mr President, you have to be decisive. Further, the essential process of collaboration with the Member States was launched on 30 June, when DG X called a meeting
in Brussels of those responsible for national millennium celebrations. Mr Hallam has gone one better than that. So it is gratifying that we have now allocated ECU 3 million a year to combat violence against
women. My meeting last night with my French and British counterparts was held in this spirit: we need to discuss the best way forward to resolve this dispute. Globally, the most affected are developing countries
as net food importers. Negotiations are still going on and hopefully they will be successful, but other plants in Scotland, Belgium and Austria are at risk. Do the same now in connection with Omar al-Bashir,
as the people of South Sudan deserve our strong support. There is so much we can do together; there are so many great opportunities; let us seize them. Madam President, rapporteur and Commissioner, this
report is a tragic tale about a fish which one author has quoted as literally changing the world in the past thousand years. The Greens would prefer alcohol to be taxed according to its alcohol content. You
will, therefore, experience a lot more pleasure, Mr&#160;Rocard, in negotiating and battling with the Council, which will surely want to grant less than the Commission proposes. We damn them either way. This
slogan has been around here for a long time. If you put that question to the motor industry, the answer you will get is that they are not of high quality, but rather deficient. There is also the greatest
progress in market reforms. I should also like to draw attention to three areas that will, in my opinion, be crucial to the successful implementation of the Lisbon Programme: first of all, research; secondly
synergising national and European policies and, finally, the European Technology Institute. I want to make my remarks in the context of today's wider debate on Renault and the discussion now on industrial
policy, and largely to make one basic point. I am referring to the TREVI agreement for example, which in many respects was the forerunner of current police cooperation within the Union. Like the rest of
Parliament, we take a positive view of declaration 23 concerning the future of the European Union. Reform of the structural and agricultural policy and the financing of the European Union cannot be carried
through unless the Member States are prepared to reach an accommodation. Mr President, I would like to thank all my fellow Members, whose constructive contributions to the report have made it possible for
us to achieve a consensus in most areas. It thus believes in the quantity theory of money. But unfortunately the reality in my region and elsewhere in the Union is that workers placed by temporary employment
agencies are placed at a severe disadvantage. (PL) Improving the effectiveness of the mechanisms by which UCITS function should, in my opinion, be a priority of Parliament's work. But you can see the root
cause of this. Their commitment was sometimes seen as an act of transgression, a sign of a lack of femininity or even a display of exhibitionism. I have said it before and I repeat it now. But the thing that
often goes wrong with European campaigns - and fortunately I have not been around long enough as a politician to be unaware how the ordinary citizen reacts to this - is that, very often, they are nothing
but an attractive front, pretty to look at but insubstantial. This offers a very good overview of the progress achieved and the new challenges that emerged in 2001/2002. Mr President, I want to talk about
the EQUAL report, especially the issue of the policy on refugees. It must be stated, however, that many of the aims pursued with the European Year would not ultimately be achieved if we saw that a significant
part of those resources were being spent on more 'surveys and studies'. We oppose paragraph 15 because we are doubtful as to the suitability and effectiveness of general energy taxes. The growth of political
debate at a European level is further complicated by the fact that there is no common media and because language, tradition, culture and political concepts differ so much between the Member States. The
Commission is studying how to apply those specific measures following the Prestige; they include the possibility of promoting the construction and maintenance of two or three large skimmers, large suction
machines, so that, if an oil slick happens - unfortunately there is no such thing as zero risk, although it should be reduced to the minimum - there may be vessels of the greatest possible power, superior
to the vessels currently in existence on European coasts, which furthermore can operate and act at sea at times of storms and difficulties. He may well have had a heart attack, but everyone knows how poorly
political prisoners in Nigeria are treated. We have all too frequently in the past seen that economic revival can be a pretext not to undertake the necessary structural reforms. Mr President, Commissioner,
ladies and gentlemen, as our new Commissioner has already said, the legislative framework is no longer suited to today's reality of a greatly changed travel market, which has given rise to very many problems
and a great deal of frustration, not only among consumers but also among travel agents and tour operators. Their - old - objective is to generate more profits for large companies and financial institutions,
and to promote concentration and centralisation of capital by increasing the exploitation of workers and peoples. Contrary to the perceptions of many Members, the Rothley report certainly does provide for
the patentability of human genes and of flora and fauna. When goods are traded electronically across borders, VAT is levied as a matter of course. This must, in my view, be that of the social market economy. It
is high time that, where the politics of health are concerned, the emergency brake was put on throughout Sub-Saharan Africa and also in other affected parts of the world. I supported amendments, tabled
by my own Group and others, which would have strengthened the proposal, in particular those which sought lower stocking densities, and highlighted the food safety implications of poor welfare conditions. This
is a truly European issue and now is not the time for national egoism. Even if the ban were completed lifted, most people would still not be ready to eat British meat. There needs to be an effective EU policy
for strengthening the fragile democracy and ensuring genuine freedom of assembly, the media and speech. (FR) Mooring services are a general interest service as recognised by the judgment of the Court of
Luxembourg of 18 June 1998. This was a proposal which was put to the Luxembourg special summit in a report from this Parliament by my colleague Wim van Velzen and which the Council at that stage felt needed
more analysis and assessment. So we have seen rackets developing in baby-selling, mothers having their babies stolen, mothers being bribed to part with their children, mothers being conned that the child
is going to benefit from a good start in life and return to the family when, of course, there is no such intention. We really have to decide whether in the years ahead we are to put public money into future
technologies and new markets or whether we want to stick to technology from the last century that poses enormous risks. In Parliament we are still waiting. Equally, those countries possess enormous potential
which, if fulfilled, would result in benefits for all the peoples of the region. on behalf of the ALDE Group. - Mr President, I would like to turn my attention to our three institutions and to emphasise
how important it is that each one plays a part in the implementation and monitoring role. I hope that the Member States will participate in this conference by providing representation at the highest level
and publicly reaffirming their commitment to the ICC. Europol and the STOP programme are instruments for combating trade in women. You will no doubt remember that of the priorities singled out by the hearing
in Luxembourg on employment, the fourth and final priority concerned the problem of equality between men and women. It means, firstly, that we need to strengthen Frontex further and that is why this Parliament
is committed to increasing Frontex's budget and not to decreasing it, as the Council is trying to do. I would firstly like to thank Mr Vidal-Quadras and the members of the Industry Committee for the great
help they have given me throughout the discussion of the proposal. I would also like to ask another question: were those Moslem youths who burned cars and vandalised shops in Paris last autumn not French
citizens? For example, the splitting up of the daily rest period into three hours and then nine strikes me as extremely restrictive. It seriously questions the sense of zero tolerance with regard to drugs. (DE)
Madam Commissioner, as you have heard, you have rightly been praised, and citizens applaud you, for the fact that telecoms in Europe have become cheaper, with prices likely to fall even further in future. This
own-initiative report represents an important foundation for the definition of the guidelines that the European Parliament intends to follow in respect of future agricultural policy, pending the publication
of the Commission communication at the end of the year. President of the European Commission. - I did not understand the question, but if the question is whether the United Kingdom will be forced to join
the euro, the answer is no. Madam President, the service we are considering faces fierce competition from the new information and communication technologies. It is not appropriate for the EU to intervene
here. That is the only way to survive this competitive situation. I reflected on ways of sniffing something out of this text. At any rate, I can say that the financial facility for SMEs has been a clear success. Mr
President, having worked a 13-hour day, I will soon be contravening the Working Time Directive. This investment is based on the fact that Sweden's non-aligned policy requires that we are independent in
this respect as well, or at least that we have sufficient capacity to be a suitably advanced co-operation partner to be able to buy the most modern equipment which we do not ourselves manufacture. Local
authority administration is based on the self-determination of local authority areas and is thus democratic and represents the citizen very effectively. Question No 59 will not be taken because the subject
to which it refers is included on the agenda of this part-session. The European Parliament' s decision following the written declaration in remembrance of the Holocaust - a direct follow-up to Prime Minister
Persson' s initiative in arranging a conference in Stockholm on this subject in January 2000 - indicates that we should like to see the Member States establish national days of remembrance or, better still,
a European Day of Remembrance. All of that costs money. Agricultural land has been rendered inaccessible to thousands of local inhabitants. Parliament's own reform process is of the utmost significance and
is priority number two. It makes no sense that lawyers cannot settle an insurance claim or that brokers cannot draw up a plan until they have established their credentials. In view of all of this, we must
recognise the importance today of the report by Mrs Redondo Jiménez for nature in the European Union. The Greens have worked consistently to mitigate the worst defects of this directive, but the common
position is unacceptable in its present form. We must address the issue of a European State Prosecutor, and do it without excuses about amendments to the Treaty. Where can we make the biggest savings? Indeed,
it is the proposal to use satellite technology which irks me most. The vast majority are extremely careful that a product they put on the market is safe. I share his aim, but maybe it is not totally adjusted
to reality. Let circulation tax, however, be considered nationally, as it does not upset the functioning of the market. , in writing. Yesterday, we received a visit from the President of the Republic of Macedonia,
and our thoughts are already turning to the Balkans, to that region in which we helped to achieve peace and which is starting to establish democracy, the rule of law, the welfare state, an economic fabric
and international relations. However, it is important, just as Commissioner Patten said, to strengthen the limited and courageous opposition that exists: opposition parties, human rights organisations,
voluntary organisations and journalists who desperately need our help and who are fighting against extreme odds. The European Union has consistently condemned the arrests and politically motivated trials
of potential opponents to President Lukashenko. None of this, however, alters the fact that the European Union is in the midst of its deepest crisis. It would perhaps be in order to point out here that neither
my report nor the Amsterdam Treaty attempts to impose changes on individual Member States. At the same time, they will have to adapt their internal procedures and upgrade their equipment as needs be. Our
resolution will be a balanced resolution if we accept the compatibility of the rule of competition with the mission of the social state. I have worked for a local authority, so I know what the real problems
are. They will then be able to register the new institution as European Grouping of Territorial Cooperation. I have, however, asked the Heads of State or Government of the new Member States to put forward
the names of strong candidates, people who will be able to stay on, so that there can be continuity in political action, so that the continuity of the Commissioners that they nominate can make up for the
fact that these countries are only now joining the Union. But we also have to look at the overall picture, which will start to improve from the first half of next year, because the major economies driving
the recovery forward are already experiencing job growth. In this regard, the broader interests of the common fisheries policy in the area of international fisheries have been safeguarded, and some important
commitments have been made in the area of managing fisheries resources and the fight against illegal fishing. This will be an important initial step in restoring confidence and ensuring a return to normality
in Chad. Opinion polls show that certain countries have a more economic approach, and others a more cultural approach. Moreover, I will submit to the College of Commissioners a proposal to the Council to
suspend cereal import duties only for the current market year. In some cases though that adjustment remains to be made and we have to assist people in doing so. We would point out that SSGIs are available
to everyone and that we should ensure that everyone has access to them, especially with regard to social housing. Mr President, I would like to ask the Commissioner, who is here today, and the President-in-Office
of the Council to explain how they are going to apply the principle of equality within this enlargement process. The parties involved in the conflict continue to kill and to rape. The regulation envisaged
could have adverse effects on the services on offer to consumers. It is legitimate for the authorities to carry out identity checks and monitoring in their respective territories as a way of safeguarding
public order and security, and in order to prevent crime and monitor illegal immigration. Mr Markov's report is along the same lines as the positive proposals by the European Commission: removing the possibility
of dividing breaks, reducing exemptions, repealing measures concerning a minimum age for drivers, and introducing more stringent penalties for infringement of the rules. The priorities should be energy
content, eco-efficiency and low-emission technology and its development. The Union expects countries expressing the wish to join the Union to take real steps in the right direction, not only economic measures
for their own economic structure, but primarily steps to secure the political values which obtain in a constitutional state and a democracy. This House might be the only parliament in the world that did
not condemn or vote against the military coup in Honduras, with its murders and torture. I congratulate the members of the Committee on Culture too for the fact that their dedication and cooperation have
brought us to the point of debating this important proposal in record time. My Group will always argue for that, even if the Members involved belong to other groups. In some cases we are cutting back the
civil defence which saves us from fires. Here I have some real questions. The ninth meeting of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention on Biological Diversity (COP 9), which will take place in Bonn
in May, is therefore an important event for the European Union in general, as well as for the Slovenian Presidency. The ALDE Group is totally supportive of these reports and we want more openness. &#160;&#160;
Mr President, we are witnessing one of those great moments which the history books of the future will talk about. In the Treaty, there are still no less than 40 articles on which unanimity continues to
be the rule. Parliament wishes to reach an agreement within the time limit laid down in the timetable, but it wants a good agreement, and in order to achieve one, certain issues must be clarified straightaway. The
issue of negotiating an agreement of this kind with Libya is not currently on the agenda, but the Council will discuss this if and when it becomes an issue. We want to give serious consideration to the
setting up of an energy programme agency with the task of producing the coherent energy strategy I mentioned. Today sees the start of the Public Prosecutor's investigations. Moving on to the Ombudsman, the
82.1 % implementation rate is of note. It is a double problem. on behalf of the EFD Group. - Mr President, Mr Van Rompuy has been in office for one year, and in that time the whole edifice is beginning to
crumble. If we do not act now, we might lose another 30 years of freedom, as did our Hungarian citizens when the western world did not act bravely enough to support the people who rose up in revolution
50 years ago. I therefore believe that it would be absurd to try and impose obstacles which would block the production of carefully interconnected statistics within the European Union. Mr President, I hope
you will let me finish. As the Commission noted in its communication of 5 November, the complex and extensive nature of our relations and the many areas in which we are mutually dependent mean that we need
to engage consistently with Russia, and I would also say that we need to be sober and results-orientated. I do believe that the EU public’s need for security may make the combating of crime and the securing
of the external borders more important than the number of cars with insurance cover, although things might well look rather different from the motorist’s point of view. Mr President, Commissioner, President-in-Office
of the Council, I fully share the sentiments of Mr Van Velzen concerning Mr Bolkestein. Mr President, two minutes is not very much time in which to explain the significance of the EU's foreign and security
policy for the European Parliament. (NL) I voted against the resolution on Kosovo for two reasons. I believe that in the case you have mentioned, the European Union must state that, although we respect the
traditions and the religion of Afghanistan, we also demand that human rights be respected in that country. So, for example, there should be no chance of this House ratifying a cooperation agreement with
Iran – assuming there were even to be negotiations concerning such a thing, which, reasonably enough, there are not under the present Luxembourg Presidency – unless Iran were to take a more reasonable
line. (DE) Mr President, I move that the text be amended by the deletion of 'a report by 31 December 2013' and the insertion of 'a report by 31 December 2010 and every three years thereafter'. So I will
just briefly describe three areas which I would particularly like to highlight. We have a wealth of experience of structural funding and of the regions doing good work in terms of development and yet we
seem not to make the most of spreading the experience of best practice between the different regions. Ladies and gentlemen, the Commission has shown that it is playing an active and willing role to prepare
for the introduction of the euro, and that it is concerned that consumers and businesses, from the largest to the smallest, receive the information they need. In this sense, a crucial moment for both funds
is the evaluation, not just an ex ante analysis but also, most importantly, an ex post evaluation, which is no use if it is not carried out within the correct time frame, the correct time frame being before
the programming of the subsequent operations, which cannot be carried out rationally if the final evaluation of the previous programmes cannot be taken into account. Given the number of companies that go
bankrupt, and the growing hunger of international hedge funds for European companies, I can only urge the Commission to put pressure on the Member States finally to encourage their nuclear industries to
get a financial grip on their liabilities. A new openness to Ukraine is needed from the European Union. My last comment is this: we want a strong, democratic Europe which has the ability to act. I do not
believe I need give you an assurance here, since everyone knows that so far, the Commission has done all in its power to support the Monitoring Centre in Vienna and will continue to do so in future. They
will continue to be credit institutions and therefore fall within the monetary control of the European Central Bank in the euro-zone. Exchange of information and good practices at European level are highly
commendable but the official institutionalisation of a European macroeconomic dialogue hardly has any impact on this, if any. From that point of view, I understand the logic behind the European Parliament's
so-called 'asterisk amendment' on the Recovery Plan going beyond the current expenditure ceiling. It was once again clear, however, that although Parliament's political powers are growing all the time,
fortunately it retains the ability to arbitrate between the large political groups when it comes to the big issues. Today, once more, we are tabling a strong resolution; it is short and very clear. He must
bear in mind, however, that it was the members that were to blame for the failure of the negotiations. This is clearly not a genuine point of order. If Mr Severin is claiming that there is no need to internationalise
internal conflicts, that to me is a nicer way of putting what was previously referred to as the principle of non-interference in internal affairs. Today, three months after being voted in, you are proposing
a team to us and in three months time you will propose a programme. Ladies and gentlemen, I bid you goodnight. Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, let me answer at some length, because that question relates
to a very specific subject, and one which I would say is technically very difficult to explain. Firstly with the provision of humanitarian assistance for refugees and displaced persons. We believe that would
unrealistic to have such a tax at European level, as it would jeopardise development aid and unfairly burden European states. Obviously we hope that that will be the case. We hope that the WTO will deliver
a more just system, but in the meantime we need Fair Trade, with a capital ‘F’ and a capital ‘T’. Lastly, I support the plans for 'instruments which are tailored to the needs of their users' and a reduction
in red tape for small and medium-sized enterprises, which should foster decisive technological innovation. The Commission will take any step it considers appropriate following a detailed analysis of the
situation. On behalf of the House, I should like to thank you once more for setting such an example. We believe that the extent of the debate should be clearly reduced, but should be all the more specific,
so that it can contribute further to a proper standardization of this area. The European Parliament has a duty to protect this acquis, which is absolutely fundamental for women, and we insist that women
must have control of their sexual and reproductive rights, not least by having easy access to contraception and abortion. It is time now for clear decisions to be taken. Protocol to the EC-Former Yugoslav
Republic of Macedonia Stabilisation and Association Agreement (Jacek Saryusz-Wolski, Mr President, I would like to express my surprise at both the content and the advisability of the resolution pertaining
to safeguarding law and order in Albania. Radicalism is nobody' s monopoly, unfortunately, and neither is fanaticism. First of all I should like to thank the rapporteurs, Mr Mayer for the Committee on Agriculture
and Mr Papayannakis for the Committee on the Environment, as well as Mr McCartin of the Committee on Budgetary Control, for examining our proposals. To this end, we must carry out a decisive and courageous
policy which will allow us to successfully confront the Euro-Mediterranean challenges which have arisen in this globalised world. Everything naturally needs to be explored in the new situation which we
hope will shortly be created when the abolition of the controls on persons enters into force for the whole of the European Union. Coming from Belgium, I do not need to point out that there is a difference
of opinion between Flanders and Wallonia, or between former East and West Germany? The lack of amendments show that Parliament has taken a strong and unified position on this matter and that its Members
recognise that it is important to progress the Directive on airport costs. I wish to conclude by regretting, as the report does in point 27 of the motion for a resolution, that we have not been capable
- and I sincerely think this is not the fault of the European Parliament - to reach an inter-institutional agreement for correctly implementing Article J.4 of the Treaty. Although we agree with the objective
of this amendment, it seems to us that this issue might be better addressed in the first framework decision on the approximation of national rules on confiscation. Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I
should like - quite briefly given the advanced hour - to respond to the questions that have been raised here. And we know, we all understand perfectly well - a six year-old child could work this out - that
reducing the scope of reserved services undermines the ability of operators to make financial adjustments, which are the basis of solidarity. More than EUR 17.5 billion have been allocated to measures benefiting
Roma and other vulnerable groups by the Commission and 12 Member States, mostly from the European Social Fund. This is also intended as the basis for introducing categories in this case. Problems are more
likely to arise in the short to medium term, if one acknowledges the possibility that employment might be adversely affected in countries which are not yet taking part in monetary union. Savings have been
made and will continue to be made. We are in touch with Médecins sans frontières and the ICRC all the way through the country from Benghazi to Tripoli. However, I think this matter has already been discussed
in the LIBE Committee, so just let me say that I hope the House will follow the committee's recommendation and give a positive opinion on both agreements. Commissioner&#160;Frattini has made a commitment
to present the report on the creation of the Fundamental Rights Agency under the codecision procedure. Those small and medium-sized enterprises that can prove that there are no hazards in the area of food
hygiene and that the hygiene of foodstuffs is regularly controlled are exempt from HACCP procedures. The EU prohibits the use of mercury but allows companies to offer free light bulbs containing mercury
in order to promote their sales. However, the impression which is given is that the diplomatic ballet of the IGC, although it started a long time ago, still has not found the right music. Does that not say
a lot about management ability? Mr President, I would like, first of all, to thank the Commission for its explanations and then also all the members of the Committee on Culture, Youth, Education, Media
and Sport, especially the coordinators, who were able to find a solution to this issue, something that the short time available made a matter of urgency. For our group to vote for it, the budget proposed
by the Council at second reading will have to be adopted in accordance with the terms and the amounts already set out. Amongst these issues, it reiterates that cooperation between Member States could provide
operational and financial benefits, and it recognises that there must be an integrated approach to disaster management, which also includes prevention of, preparation for, and management of disasters,
as well as post-disaster reconstruction. Perhaps he would like to join with me in inviting young people from Denmark to come to Britain and marry whoever they want and then return, if they so wish. The debate
has shown that the issues go to the core of the way society chooses to view itself and the conflicts which this technology introduces. While stressing the strengthening of energy security as one of the
most important priorities of European energy policy and aiming to ensure the diversification of sources of energy and supply routes, we must not forget the important Rail Baltica and Via Baltica projects
which are important not only to Lithuania. In fact, an approach such as this is a very effective and inexpensive way of safeguarding a continuous energy supply. Mr President, I should like to return to the
real subject, the Vienna summit, and address two points which in my view will decide whether or not that summit is a success, namely employment and foreign policy. That is why there was no provision for
a debate originally, but now that we have the opportunity to express our point of view after all, I would like to say something briefly on behalf of the PPE-DE Group. For example, funds lost following bankruptcies
amount to about EUR 1.3 million, concerning mainly EUR 1&#160;million in Kazakhstan in 1996. In other words we need to go further than what has been referred to as the important "Amsterdam leftovers" . The
European public not only feels inadequately prepared for the euro, it also genuinely is inadequately prepared for it, both objectively and subjectively speaking. Europe will find its final shape when European
countries as yet outside the Union stop wanting to join us. Without an approach which looks beyond the borders of Kosovo and beyond the present time, the effects of this plan might blow up in our faces. Madam&#160;President,
first of all, I can well understand the emotion that followed all of those accidents in August. I have a press report here that says that Labour Party Members may not give statements to the press on this
matter. I regard it as a success for Parliament and also for the Socialist Group that the Council has also accepted the fact that we should restrict the two glycol solvents more, thus protecting the health
of our citizens. We have already said on many occasions that, for Europe genuinely to be able to play an important role in Latin America, it must say something different from the United States. However,
there are serious shortcomings in the structure of the SEs. If not, this sort of patenting practice may well be compared to the kind of biological gold-digging that goes on in the nonindustrialized world. I
share the view that it is imperative to incorporate providers of professional services into our European internal market, but we must take account of the specific characteristics of these professions as
regards the indispensable requirement to afford special protection to European consumers in a market that is rapidly becoming more and more international. As long as almost half the EU' s budget goes on
subsidising agriculture and as long as five sixths of it, including the structural funds, goes on subsidies of one kind or another, there can be no doubt that changes still need to be made. Hence, in the
interest of clear and concise legislation, we would prefer that these amendments be dropped. Member of the Commission. - Madam President, the Commission is following closely the case of Ms Roxana Saberi,
including the preparations for the appeal process that will begin early next week. When I checked with Mr Brok, he confirmed that he did not choose this phrase in his proposal for an amendment. The costs
that impede are not only the fares, difficult as those often are, but also the inconvenience of pre-booking, of waiting in queues, of fitting in with timetables which provide low and variable frequencies;
and then there are the risks of delays and cancellation due to weather or mechanical breakdown, or strikes which hold the islands to ransom from time to time. What is really behind the unfair competition
in this case is the weak dollar. It is completely abnormal that the Committee on Transport of the European Parliament, under the influence of these same pressure groups, should have undertaken this own-initiative
report with the clear aim of challenging a text that was modified barely two years ago, and of which we know the difficulties of implementing. How can we can really make any judgment about a given type
of nuclear reactor without far-ranging scientific knowledge? Already, prices are insufficient for 80 % of small and medium-sized farms. According to treaty obligations, he should be receiving support from
the Austrian Government, but despite repeated requests, he has received inadequate support in terms of infrastructure. The European Parliament's new powers - giving it, for example, influence over the agricultural
budget and over legal policy - will mean adjusting some of its priorities to cope with the new responsibilities. However, it should be made clear that rural development policy has a huge impact on territorial
cohesion. But if we are serious about peace and stability in the Union then we must also ensure that that same concept applies within the Member States, within the rural areas, within the urban areas of
the Union. The importance of ensuring the pluralism of broadcast media is due to the pivotal role that such media play in our society in terms of information and pluralism, as well as the promotion of rights,
freedoms and guarantees, which clearly contribute to a more informed and participatory society. I also believe that these proposals will make it possible to take advantage of all the options for maintaining
public health. Naturally, there were a few initial teething problems during this first year and some considerable discussion took place on the interpretation of the role of the Ombudsman according to the
Treaty and the Statutes. How, in future, will start-up-companies in this area be treated? The incidents involved physical assaults and offensive insults written on banners at a sporting event. They therefore
suffer from an even more obvious type of isolation, and we must remedy that. We must therefore develop our tools: not only tangible criticism, but also consequences - what happens if the Council does not
work with us. In my opinion, the approach to this year's budget has provided a firm basis for us to progress in the next round of talks on the question of legal bases. The pressure is starting to be felt
most in Heading 3, that is to say in the field of internal policies, where the largest cuts in relative terms have been made, amounting to over EUR&#160;500&#160;million. The future Danube strategy must
include this aspect. The European Works Councils Directive has been crying out for updating for some time. The rapporteur not only deserves our congratulations, but also our support and our voice. However,
for more than a decade, the levels of interoperability of the European networks have not gone beyond 7% and it is the requirement for national approval of locomotives and traction units in each of the
Member States where these are to be used that is currently one of the main barriers to the creation of new railway companies dedicated to the transport of passengers and freight, and also a major obstacle
to the interoperability of the European railway system. I agree with what the High Representative has said, that we should be smarter in how we deliver our message, and all breaches of human rights should
meet with a reaction, be it political or also economic. In this context it is also impossible for society to accept either trafficking in or the possession of drugs - they should be illegal. There is something
wrong there. This should be a priority for both the current Presidency and subsequent presidencies. I cannot ask for it to be corrected, contact the Chinese data protection supervisor or take the government
to court. There is a need for simplification regarding harmonisation of the control principles, of legislation and of the control requirements in connection with the regulations to be adopted for the programming
period 2007-2013. The European Union has, moreover, exhorted the two parties to take urgent measures to remove the ammunition at the stations situated on the front line and to widen the demilitarized zone,
in accordance with the request of the resolutions of the United Nations Security Council. The Black Sea strategy can provide an ideal occasion to review our interests in the region, including strategic,
political and economic interests, and to discuss how best they can be achieved. Mr President, we have all seen the European indicators. A military solution does not exist, and will risk the stability of
the entire country. How can we create one Europe when the social fabric of another is collapsing? None of us can succumb to such pessimism and that is why strong concern and demands for action have been
voiced in this democratic House. What can be done in the short term? The JHA Council on 28 November 1996 had an in-depth discussion on ways and means to intensify the fight against organized crime. Secondly,
I asked specifically about the Christian-Islamic-Jewish dialogue. With further development of the markets, the right training and guidance, and the existence of the ALTENER programme, we will be able to
promote the use of renewable energy sources throughout the Union. In this respect, it is particularly important to ensure that decisions can be enforced across Europe and to remove the barriers to their
enforcement within the EU territory. But as has already been pointed out, there have been no breaches of the law or of the regulator's rules and guidelines. There were a few issues that I had great concerns
about right at the beginning. In which areas does the Council feel there has been most progress? Certainly there is a role for Parliament and Commission in explaining the European Union - but also for every
national government, every single day, not just when ratification of the latest treaty is due. Beyond the figures, the main problem lies in the make-up of trade and exports from those countries, which still
contains structural weaknesses because it is essentially dominated by some basic products, such as oil, diamonds and cocoa. I shall begin with energy security. In particular, Iran funds terrorist groups
that are still holding hostage a number of Israeli soldiers who are officially posted as missing in action. What are we actually doing, in policy terms, to achieve a more child-friendly society, again in
the light of the demographic data that have been described to us? However these controls should be strictly sovereign. It is exactly such local realities that the Commission needs to reflect more and more
on the implementation of what is too often rigid dogma on State aid and indeed on other policies affecting the European Union. Madam President, as has been said, the people of North Korea are suffering
from an unprecedented famine that is producing a real massacre. The Treaty states that a start shall be made on 1 January 1999 with the Member States which qualify. The only way to turn this Union into a
democracy now is through a constitutional process. I do not believe it is feasible for this discussion to be carried on every couple of years and at the same location. Another area for improvement is border
control and all the related activities, as well as the rights of minorities. Among them, Mrs Fraga Estévez, I should like to stress the importance of Amendment No 67, which is an addition to Article 11,
paragraph 1, of the proposal for a regulation. Public opinion will query why our national leaders are frightened of their own shadow on Europe and fearful of putting the argument for the Constitution in
a positive and trenchant way that embraces the European dimension. When the state of Pakistan was established in 1947, its founder, Mohammad Ali Jinnah, said these memorable words: 'We are starting with
the fundamental principle that we are all citizens and equal citizens of one State.' Let us not leave this - I will not say to the KLA groups - I will simply say to the temptation to take military action
which we should perhaps condemn in political terms, but which we can understand after everything that the people have been through, out of fear that a similar situation might reoccur. After all, if we speak
our minds, then we will also need to do the follow-up. Commissioner Van den Broek, who has spoken justifiably serious words, promises a report. I think that it is impossible that the honourable members do
not know the answers to the questions they have already asked. I have therefore changed my initial position and I am voting in favour of this final text. It should be emphasised that the crisis did not turn
at any time into a widespread mutiny and remained essentially confined to military operations. This crisis, just like the BSE crisis, is throwing up questions which we must answer, both in concrete terms
and also very quickly. It makes proposals for the overall direction of the future development of the European Union and the euro area. Those who are now hailing the Stability Pact for South-Eastern Europe
a great success would have done better to have refrained from squandering the money on bombs, rockets and soldiers and instead to have presented the Pact a few months earlier as part of a comprehensive
political and non-military plan drawn up by the European Union for the region, and to have provided the OSCE with the necessary means. It is advisable for certain aspects of the legal and fiscal system
of the Member States to be improved in this respect, as the current model in most Member States can discourage the transfer of businesses, particularly family businesses, thus increasing the risk of liquidation
or closure of the company. This is actually an unproblematic regulation and also, in fact, an unproblematic report. I call on the Chinese authorities to show the world that the fact that the Olympic Games
were given to Beijing has resulted in an improved human rights' situation in China. There are many other issues I could mention concerning the third pillar, human rights and compliance with the principles
of the Treaty. This is, in fact, a true form of eating, and is possibly underestimated. Article 208 also states that the Union shall take account of these objectives in other policies that might affect developing
countries. (CS) The result of the vote on the Antonio Cancian report shows that the European Parliament, in contrast to the Council, has clear priorities, especially when it comes to ensuring the rights
of citizens travelling around Europe by bus and coach. Parliament was therefore right always to back a campaign of information and to insist that the introduction of euro notes and coins should be understood
as a conversion not merely in the technical sense, but also as one with great psychological significance. We are therefore voting against the report with regard to the disappearance of these contracts. The
most widespread and most respected standards are the ISO 9000 series standards. If we take action now, however, and halt climate change at two degrees, the cost will be a fraction of that. We have set the
'push' system as a criterion; if, however, an airline says it is technically unable to implement it, other proposals need to be examined. Parliament is very vocal about developing better fuels for motor
cars and cutting petrol use, yet we seem to overlook the fact that aeroplanes are also major guzzlers. They sat down in the road and said, 'it can not go on like this'. The report which we are going to vote
on today must help give Parliament's negotiating team a strong, clear mandate. For example, Hungary depends on a single supplier, Russia, for 80%. The particularity of the electricity market is that the
marginal power plant decides the price level. Please note her colleagues' appreciation in the Minutes. It is to increase the levels of transparency, accountability and efficiency of the decentralized satellite
agencies. We believe it is an important instrument with which to reduce the number of cases of disease. If economic concentrations are based only on the share golden value, or the optimisation of the value
of the company, they will come into serious conflict with other market operators and consumers. Given the level of affluence attained worldwide, it is obscene that many families struggle to get enough to
eat. Key EU programmes between 1989, 1993, 1994 and 1999 have certainly helped to improve the economic competitiveness of peripheral countries and Objective 1 regions within Europe. Finally, especially today,
my sympathy goes to the Nigerian people on the death of their President. Trafficking in children does exist, but they are used as adults. As indicated before, the first priority is to promote a citizen-centred
approach by the EU institutions and bodies in all their activities. Now to my conclusions. The Commission must urgently take a legislative initiative to address this worrying situation. Immigrants certainly
need to be given legal status, allowing those whose situation is in order not to be discriminated against, on condition that they clearly demonstrate their willingness to integrate and to actively contribute
to the economic and social development of their host country. The second question was about the broad coalition. One is the distorted image of OLAF which some fellow Members are painting on the basis of
their own small-minded self-interest. And therefore it must restore conditions of political democracy. I feel sure that our first task must be to define these common principles, which can then be translated
into the various legislative instruments that we will need to adopt in the coming years under the third pillar. But scientists as such do not take the decisions, and I would quote Guy Debord: ' However
much they participate in the decision-making process, they can only influence it by associating themselves with one of the clans, or by gaining the confidence of one of the politico-bureaucratic cliques
which vie for power and take up important scientific and technical issues for show, or which, far more often, need experts to dress up in scientific clothing decisions that have already been taken and
have other motives' . It is strange that the year 2000 computer problem should exist at all. Report (A5-0145/2001) by Mr Di Lello Finuoli, on behalf of the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice
and Home Affairs, on the Commission communication to the Council and the European Parliament on the mutual recognition of final decisions in criminal matters (COM(2000) 495 - C5-0631/2000 - 2000/2295(COS)) I
agree with Mrs Van Lancker in this regard. At this stage, over and above Article 157 of the Treaty and the UNESCO Convention on the Protection and Promotion of the Diversity of Cultural Expressions, Europe
must aim at an appropriate balance to help businesses, agencies, production and services in this sector to be fully competitive. However, these two events give us more opportunity to conduct an even more
intense dialogue and to achieve tangible results, in discussions with our partners from the People's Republic of China, both in regard to ecology and human rights. &#160;&#160; – To wind up the debate,
I have received six motions for resolutions, pursuant to Rule 103(2)(1). We need a clear vision and we have to act urgently. We cannot simply ignore the fact that changes are afoot in the world, including
in the global economy, and our trade defence system has to be adapted to meet those changes. It is, therefore, urgent to regulate the training and qualifications of these professions in order to guarantee
patients maximum safety and quality whenever they resort to their use. I really regret it because the subject of company law is really important for us and is at the heart of his portfolio. The aspirations
are fine, President Prodi, we want those aspirations to be matched by action. Indeed, this is why France was obliged to apply exemption mechanisms. The Committee on Transport considers that there is at least
20 % overcapacity in the tanker sector. That is something that I hope will be tackled in a coherent manner. We never schedule roll-call votes during the first two items in voting time because we know Members
are making their way to their seats and have to find their cards. Among many other serious problems, it is at the very least a distortion of history to say, as the resolution does, that ‘European integration’
helped to get rid of fascism in Portugal, when Portugal was a Member of NATO from the outset; when the fascist regime benefited from the connivance of the governments of many countries taking part in the
so-called ‘European integration’; and when those countries supported the colonial war effort undertaken by the Portuguese fascist regime. That is how Parliament saw it back in 1995, when Mrs Miranda's report
provided the political impetus needed to move towards more ambitious objectives. On the one hand, we should make improvements by reducing and simplifying the existing legislation. Conventional cages without
nests and litter may continue, exceptionally, to be permitted by Member States, but they must allow at least 800 cm2 floor area per bird and be at least 50 cm high at all points. Mr President, Commissioner,
the Giansily report explains extremely well how part of the reserves of the national central banks will be pooled in the future single currency system and how the relations between those banks and the
European Central Bank will be organised in order to manage them. Europe must respond to the often complex problems of the Roma community. Calculation, by the Committee on Agriculture, of progressive modulation
is, in my view, fair and would enable us to enhance regional development and rurality, and to preserve biodiversity in a sustainable manner. Once again, I can hear governments saying that we cannot investigate
their statistics or their budgetary procedure. Finally, would he say that he agrees that the UK's policy of containment, slaughter and quarantine is still the best way of eliminating this disease, not just
in Britain but wherever else it may spread in Europe? The use of these instruments is proof that the EU expects certain behaviour in its relations with its trading partners. The Commission' s proposal is
therefore basically to be welcomed. I am not saying that the euro will take the place of the dollar, but I am saying that the euro may become an important factor of diversification. From April the candidates
for accession will be sitting in the meetings of the General Affairs and External Relations Councils and listening to the debates, so I hope that will inform their contributions in due course. I always
point out that we used to drive in cars without seatbelts; we used to breathe in leaded petrol; and at Christmas time I used to get sweet cigarettes in my Christmas stocking. We also have the Lisbon process. With
the aim of quelling the discontent against abusive, antidemocratic measures, the government has arranged the purchase of anti-riot equipment, amounting to EUR 10 million. On 21 December Prime Minister Balkenende
will brief you on the outcome of the meeting. Therefore, as rapporteur, it is my belief that for the second reading Parliament should keep its amendments to a bare minimum, thus facilitating a common agreement
in this sector. Different countries have not only different legal traditions and values but also different criminal laws. In these conditions, do you not think that the European superstate is a very poor
response to a good question? I have seen workfare at first hand. Member States must do everything possible to eliminate demand entirely. Brazil is an increasingly important partner of the European Union,
with which it shares a common history and language. So please, let us stop treating the European budget as a strain on domestic finances. I look forward to statements by the Commissioner. Clearly, the free
trade agreement with South Korea is close to being concluded. The Commission has committed to a genuine dialogue with both co-legislators and interested parties with a view to finding solutions to specific
areas of concern. It would have been easier for the Berlaymont to hoover up wood dust rather than having to take years and years to dispose of sheets of asbestos. Looking at the countries on the list, it
is relatively easy to spot the inequality between different countries in terms of their enthusiasm and espousal of the conditions for joining the European Union. The Commission has proposed to expand significantly
on Commissioner Potočnik's proposal, which is not my proposal, regarding the targets for recycling electrical and electronic waste containing rare earths. They propose definitions of intellectual property
rights. I have just requested here that we debate it in the next sitting, then a fellow Member asked that we do it now. The rapporteur proposes some amendments to the text which specifically address this
aspect and the Commission's intentions. Firstly, the military cannot be allowed to continue to dominate European airspace. (DE) Madam President, Baroness Ashton, we are still a long way from a common foreign
policy which is really worthy of the name. Then have courage and show the Commission's colours at long last, and, with no ifs and buts, put the subject of social justice at the top of the European agenda. As
a matter of fact, the process of economic recovery is not over yet. I am referring specifically to Amendments 6, 9, 11, 12 and 13, on which I shall comment briefly. So quality marks may be useful but they
have their limitations. At the same time, the maximum amount of information the consumer can have about a product is a basic pre-condition for good decision making when choosing goods. The fact that the
Community has shared in the costs of re-structuring the economy of the GDR and has provided proof of its solidarity with the people of the GDR in this way is very much to be welcomed. In accordance with
the resolutions of that Conference of Presidents, I negotiated a statement by the Bureau of the Euro-Mediterranean Parliamentary Assembly, which was published on 7&#160;August – a statement unanimously
approved by the members of that Bureau, the Presidents of the Parliaments of Tunisia, Egypt and Greece and myself. Finally, the proposed purchase of the three buildings is good news for the European taxpayer. on
behalf of the PSE group. - (HU) In terms of the goals set out in the Sixth Community Environment Action Programme, we are lagging behind in many regards. I would be very interested to know whether there
is already a mandate in place for this, setting out what it is to do and for how long and over what geographical area it is to do it, and whether the Congolese authorities have officially invited such
a project and the European Union’s participation in it. These were the key headlines when we started our debate. That is why I say they have to be linked. I would like to see your Council Presidency exerting
a greater Eastern European influence. I am thinking particularly of criticism in the media, in which individual countries are really branded, particularly by young people. In this connection, will it also
salute Dr Jan Pfeiffer, named as one of Time Magazine's 2004 European Heroes for his campaign for a humane mental health system, without such beds, in the Czech Republic? DEHAP is about to be banned. It
is necessary to provide for the adoption of harmonised financial support measures, lay down common organisational guidelines and use applied research measures to develop new disposal technologies with
less environmental impact which allow the use of forms of materials recycling which respect consumer safety requirements. The telecommunications satellite sector should undergo more effective standardisation. The
first prerequisite - let us say - has already been met, and therefore, in my view, we must focus our attention in the next period on following up on the fleshing out and application of the content of the
employment policy guidelines by the Member States. We are a legislative body; we draft a budget. I believe that we are on the right track, and we have every reason to be positive and optimistic. Over recent
weeks, the Commission has collated reliable evidence proving that the current directive on integrated pollution prevention and control is not being applied adequately and that industrial emissions have
remained at excessively high levels. With the tonnages of contaminated material which were exported to mainland Europe from the United Kingdom, it was quite obvious that a few cases would appear. Nothing
less than a major shift from reliance on landfill sites to more integrated waste management plans will suffice. What does the Council know about this? Nevertheless, the scale, the risk and the dimension
of our companies today demonstrate the serious problems that this entails. The Green Paper brought out by the Commission on 7 July regarding retirement pensions is there to remind us of this. Mr President,
Mr President-in-Office, Mr President of the Commission, both we in this House and the people of Europe are waiting for the Council in Seville to send out clear, sensible messages on asylum, immigration
and the integration of immigrants in Europe. At a time when the public at large is watching what is going on ... Mr President, we are in constant consultation with the Member State governments and already,
after the European Parliament's resolution of November 1997, we have had a communication from the Council following the Commission's proposal of 26 November 1997. The rule of law also requires a reform
of the security sector and real progress in economic governance terms. I prophesy this to you: After all we have experienced in the Council, after all Italy's stonewalling in the interest of its Prime Minister,
I tell you here and now that the same Prime Minister will now hold a referendum in order to prevent the European arrest warrant from being effective in Italy. I wish to congratulate Mr Corbett and Mr Méndez
de Vigo, who are both at present speaking on their mobile phones – I hope they are Nokias! – on their excellent report. This should weigh heavily on all our consciences. During a debate held in this House
yesterday, I highlighted the fact that there is no mention whatsoever of Ukraine in the Luxembourg Presidency’s list of priorities. I want to say that there is nothing that cannot be resolved, and to back
this up, I will give my city, Rome, as an example which shows that within the capital city itself, it is possible for two States to co-exist. We should emphasise that reducing the upper limit for concentrations
of PM2.5 will certainly benefit European citizens. The goal they set more than 150 years ago in 1857, to ensure equal pay for equal work, is still relevant today. If lasting stability is to be assured, the
actions being taken at international and European level need to be supplemented by various other activities associated with the restoration of the rule of law, the revival of economic governance, the reform
of the legal and security systems, and the pursuit of political dialogue between the government and the opposition parties. Lastly, I would like to talk about the conclusions of the Council of 19 March
last year. Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the ARGO programme is supposed to ensure that the EU's external borders continue to be secure against intruders. This has, in that case, been created by the
European Union itself, of course. He is not asking for independence, he simply wishes to have cultural and religious freedom. We must find a way to ensure that we not only capture that wealth and those funds
but we guarantee that they return dividends into our own economies by creating greater economic growth and by creating more jobs. If the European Parliament agreed to give its opinion during the sitting
in Brussels on 27 and 28 May, rather than during the June sitting in Strasbourg as currently planned, the Council would have the information to adopt a common position in good time. in writing. - (RO) Criminality
has no nationality. They left, it seems, as a result of ongoing problems of cross border fuel smuggling and laundering. Mr President, I too would like to thank our committee chairman for all the work he
has put into this report. The European Parliament is fighting to assert its right to negotiate the European budget. I would like to say once again that I have never been in favour of pre-allocation, but,
like Mrs Rühle, I must recognise that, recently and above all thanks to the Commission's attitude, I am beginning to change my opinion, because, when I see the Commission's unwillingness to find a solution
for the executability of the subsidies in 2004, when I see the Commission's attitude to the executability of pilot projects and preparatory actions adopted by Parliament at first reading, I begin to ask
myself many questions, Commissioner, and if the Commission simply places obstacles in the way of all of this Parliament's initiatives in the budget, it has no choice but to fight harder to defend its prerogatives. No
doubt there are several reasons for this difference, but one of those reasons is very definitely the inflexibility resulting from uniform interest rates and exchange rates, when these are applied to economies
whose needs remain very different. A vital element of ideological ferment has been introduced. I point out again in this House that those countries that have not adopted the euro have the lowest levels of
unemployment. Of course we are in no way supporters of the Islamic Salvation Front but I find it extremely difficult to understand how the dialogue which President Zérroual resumed yesterday with delegations
from four parties can lead to anything if one does not in some way attempt also to include the other forces, even if they are in themselves not approved of. The issue here is not only making the common
market work perfectly, but also the right of the citizen to strike, which is held as sacred in my country, Finland. The two reports focus in particular on the approximation of laws on the confiscation of
crime-related proceeds, instrumentalities and property. The moment has now come, with this crisis affecting Greece and the euro, to understand this and to take a decision on this. Thus, first of all, it
is considered that no element of this directive should be interpreted as an exception to the absolute duty of the shipowner, which cannot be delegated, to maintain and use seaworthy vessels. Mr Patten knows
the Far East extremely well - he has been closely involved there - and the majority of today's speakers probably know South America better. If the European Union really does want to develop an external
policy that has some influence in the world, then it too must have a financial arm. Despite the positive outcome, I should like to mention a few points. I hope, therefore, that the fact that NATO does not
even get a mention in the Swedish programme is more of a chance occurrence than part of a strategy. Therefore, could the Presidency assure us that at the summit it will expose the absurd contradiction between
those two positions? Furthermore, the current Italian administration and the Minister of the Interior seem to be unaware of the crime committed in Italy largely by foreigners, some of whom are European
citizens, travellers or people who call themselves this. Since the start of 1994 the EMI, in close collaboration with the national central banks of the European Union, has undertaken the necessary technical
preparations to establish the European System of Central Banks, conduct the single monetary policy and create the single currency. That when a serious risk to the health of the public, animals or the environment
is established, the Commission must, or can, take a number of measures without delay. After all, the benefit of European cooperation in this respect is beyond dispute. As far as globalisation is concerned,
I refer you to my answer to the previous question. It is needed today more than ever. It may very well be the case that we are being misunderstood in this Parliament because, on this matter, we are definitely
among friends. The President said that a corrigendum would be published. They also form part of the commitments that Russia has entered into as a member of the United Nations, the OSCE and the Council of
Europe. He was Health Minister for your country in your government, Mr Barón Crespo. We would like to see the latter issue raised as a separate discussion on the basis of an oral question in the November
part-session in Strasbourg. It says that the reference value consists of the average inflation of the three best performing Member States in terms of inflation. This does not mean that, when concentrations
take place, the companies should not be reminded of their obligations to comply with social legislation, wherever this is required. A sustainable and competitive EU aquaculture sector can offer a way of
meeting the large and growing demand for seafood products in the EU, thereby reducing the depletion of wild stocks and the level of imports from third countries, which often arrive at EU markets after
a journey involving thousands of air miles. We want a convention to move the post-Nice process forward, a convention which is the centre of gravity for public debate, i.e. which sends and receives proposals
and, at the same time, presents a clear proposal for the Intergovernmental Conference and for the issues which will need to be negotiated in 2004. Who will be held responsible? Thankfully, the European Union
does give some assistance in those camps, but it now looks like more help is needed. At the end of February, I myself presented to the Committee on Budgetary Control the Council's recommendations on the
discharge to the Commission for the implementation of the budget. It is, however, a shame that the Commission did not take this opportunity to broaden the scope of the directive even further to consolidate
the provisions of Directive 83/477/EEC on wood dust. I therefore firmly believe that together we democrats must stand up for genuine transparency and in particular we must stand together in the fight against
the extreme right. I of course deplore what has happened, but we in Europe must face up to the reality and continue our development efforts to support the one million poor of the Indian sub-continent. Following
on from previous positions, Parliament has not agreed to conclude the Agreement with the USA on transferring air passenger data within the framework of the so-called ‘war on terror’. Madam President, I
feel that a situation such as this requires us to keep calm. That is why, Commissioner, we intend to continue the debate on all these matters with the Commissioners concerned and we intend to monitor developments
in negotiations very closely. However, these controls can only be effective if properly implemented. We are therefore making progress towards the aim of developing and confirming the status of the European
Union as an area of freedom, security and justice, as expressed at Tampere. (DE) Mr President, I congratulate the House on this new information system. This particular motion for a resolution is paving the
way for these prospects and, of course, there will also be restructurings during that process, as in so many other countries. Could we switch the voting list around? This mechanism consists of considering
the possibility of including the collective interests of others as well as consumers in the injunctions: businesspeople, tradespeople, craftspeople and so on. It is very much in the interest of all of us
to encourage Turkey, and to demonstrate that Islam and a modern democracy can be put on an equal footing, and I reject anything that might be understood to be a disincentive to them to do so. We could have
achieved a substantial improvement on this issue with a relatively small amount of money. Our Europe is a vessel that is going off course, battered by the wind and waves, the only region in the world that
has deliberately dismantled its political and moral structures, that has no borders and is gradually being invaded by mass immigration that is only just beginning! Freedom of expression, association and
assembly were seriously challenged. I feel it is particularly necessary for international financial organisations, the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund, to review their criteria and make them
more flexible in order to promote free, universal education. The task of civil society does not lie solely in taking part in elections. This knowledge is extremely useful and should be built on further in
the coming months. Finally, there were no major changes to the original draft and no surprises on the amendments adopted. The approach taken in the report seems to be undermining the efforts now undertaken
by the government of Sri Lanka to promote truth and understanding, not least through the Lessons Learnt and Reconciliation Commission, and the government actually having released more than 200 000 detained
Tamil prisoners. In this context, it is a question of rousing public opinion in favour of enlargement. Therefore, the regulation proposed by the Commission and amended by Parliament will quickly come into
effect. We have worked with the candidates more intensely. (The sitting was suspended at 11.50 and resumed at 12.00) Either the Union believes what it says and Turkey is a European country, in which case
it must start a pre-accession procedure and if it fails to do so Turkey is perfectly entitled to accuse it of being inconsistent. We are still left, however, with the ongoing difficulty of so-called self-employed
workers who do not have the protection of social legislation which people covered by this amended directive will have. Every economic activity is welcome, provided that it is in keeping with environmental
protection and protection of our citizens' health. On the contrary, we must preserve the current unified approach and I am glad that the Italian Presidency is making efforts in this direction. By the way,
ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of the College of Quaestors I would like to ask you, if you have complaints, to formulate them, and come to us. The next point at issue is one I made at the outset. Mr President,
earlier Minister Jouyet made a reference to the Mumbai terrorist attack, demonstrating solidarity with India. There is no mention of electrically-powered motor vehicles or methanepowered vehicles with the
combined petrol/methane bi-fuel system. Mr President, what should Biarritz do with the Charter? First, I note the tremendous personal efforts of the rapporteur - and I would like to thank him - to seek wide
support in the Parliament on such a complex and sensitive issue. Parliament has today shown that it has the will to do this. We therefore need to work with these States so that they can evolve into democracies
where human rights are respected to a greater extent and where the democratic system becomes stronger. They were those which concerned procedures for implementing the various levels of assistance to passengers
in the event of cancellation or long delay of flights. With regard to the farm audit, many delegations have generally expressed great interest in the Commission's ideas, again in principle. However, cooperation
has been spread over a number of different programmes, including, and this is just one example, the INTAS programme - the International Association for the Promotion of Cooperation with Scientists from
the new Independent States of the former Soviet Union. Why not separate out the Community share of VAT on bills? Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, I shall come straight to the point. Some Commission
officials clearly believe that it does not apply to them. I would very much like to see Europe take part in a constructive approach, not just for us, as Europeans, but also for the rest of the world. As
is well known, Mr Duisenberg, we shall be having a referendum in my country this autumn. We would greatly welcome it if Turkey were enabled to meet the political criteria by the autumn of 2004. The role
of the EIB and the EBRD must be strengthened. This may be the reason why Canada has done this, but, as I see it, there is no reason whatsoever for us as Europeans to support it or even mention it in an
EU text. &#160;&#160; Mr President, I would like to begin by expressing my generally negative view of the report presented by Mrs Figueiredo, since its content runs counter to the economic and social policy
advocated by the Group of the European People’s Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats. The practices which have already been implemented for this type of support, especially for the most disadvantaged,
show that it is not sufficient to allocate financial aid which would excuse us from having to do anything more. We must clearly condemn the Council's obvious lack of response to public opinion, and ensure
that everyone faces up to their responsibilities. The Council's decisions clearly show that all future bilateral agreements on free trade are going to form the basis of future multilateral negotiations
and, what is possibly even more important, they will be complementary to the World Trade Organisation platform. Commissioner, in the near future - and then also with the work of the new Commission in mind
- we will have to deal with further Court of Auditors' reports or audit reports, such as the one on the Joint Research Centre, which has turned out to be very critical, but also the special audit report
on a very unusual contract with a consultancy firm. We are not defending the idea of open borders, and we are prepared to accept reasonable regulations and harmonisation. We celebrate that and we act as
a Community to support it. The Council writes in its pleadings that in making available a document which is secret within the EU Sweden is violating Community law. As an ex-development minister I formed
very strong views about expenditure on armaments as opposed to expenditure on educating people and improving their health. Let us try the route of national legislation in this area. What is going on in Poland
is a departure from the observance of the Copenhagen criteria and from the core principles of this European Union, and so we have to make it clear at European level that this is unacceptable and that changes
must be made without delay. With new indicators being incorporated, we believe that the population’s level of qualifications is a relevant factor. If a consumer has a negative experience, that experience
will often wrongly have repercussions on all foreign service providers. I and my British Conservative colleagues have voted against the Parliament’s reports on the budgetary discharge because, for the eleventh
year running, the Court of Auditors has been unable to give a positive statement of assurance of the overall EU accounts. In addition to what has already been said, I consider it indispensable in the long
run that in the area of criminal law we get to grips with the facts relating to fraud with Community funds. There were questions concerning the important issue of whether there are clear rules that are
going to be applied after June 1999 or not. It is important for us to have a strong industrial policy in Europe if we are to be able to retain employment opportunities. Of course, I have no hesitation in
welcoming some positive aspects of the Turin point of departure: the weight given to employment and transparency, your intention to strengthen the role of the European citizen, your wish to support the
CFSP, and your decision to keep your agenda open. It is only for reasons of health, safety or security or inadequate travel documentation that passengers can be refused embarkation on a flight. Secondly,
in a bid for clarity, we have used a single text to combine the 1996 Directive on interoperability of the trans-European high-speed rail system and the 2001 Directive on interoperability of the conventional
rail system. The response I received to a Parliamentary question last week from the Commission was dismissive of Parliament's call made in September for such a uniform and compulsory code. But the citizens
of Europe have a right to be alerted to dangers and to be reassured about them, and this is why it seems entirely logical to me to have a European network which can warn the various health care systems
in good time and coordinate the measures taken. However, although there is serious doubt as to whether the Commission' s proposals will reduce consumption, they will undoubtedly have a decidedly adverse
impact both on Community tobacco producers and on tobacco industries and merchants. I believe that this directive will create the conditions for climate change and the Kyoto Protocol to stop being a purely
theoretical concern in Europe and become an essential strand of the environmental and economic policy of all the Member States. Indeed the proposed text aims to simplify and unify existing Community legislation. Is
the ratification process in certain countries not going to jeopardise this? The same applies to the notion of the partial quota surrender which is in Amendment 7. According to the Commission, Poland has
not yet achieved satisfactory results in terms of increasing the efficiency of its legal system. Two factors are chiefly responsible for this. My question is: will money be injected into public investment
and public works over coming years? Mr President, it was predictable, perhaps inexorable, that the European Union would leap on the financial crisis in Greece in order to advance its well-laid plans for
the harmonisation of fiscal policy. - After the vote on Amendment 19: Indeed, contrary to the provisions of the interinstitutional agreement on the Structural Funds, no form of rebudgeting in subsequent
financial years is provided for in the case of the Cohesion Fund. This resolution will serve as a very strong plea from Parliament to the Commission to also focus special attention in future financial frameworks
and the next programming period on areas that suffer from permanent natural handicaps. All that will be at stake is strengthening Fortress Europe, whereas it is urgently necessary to combat trafficking,
mafias and secrecy through a policy of opening up frontiers, normalising the status of those without papers and giving nationals and foreigners equal civic and social rights. Finally, the invitations to
tender relating to this programme will draw the attention of candidates to this possibility of supplementary financing. I think there is an urgent need for action here. I also welcome the work being done
on better regulation and the help for small businesses. There has been a lull on the part of the armed Palestinian groups and legislative elections are set to take place on 25&#160;January. Nonetheless,
this cannot be deemed adequate in terms of democratic control. Our French Council representative, our friend, has said he is of the opinion that we shall still be able to reach agreement by the end of the
year. These efforts must be supported and we must ask other authorities to do the same. It is important that there is no gap left between the Kyoto Protocol and the next climate agreement. Secondly, in order
for it to be possible for the granting of refunds to potential exporters of non-Annex II goods to be guaranteed, these new measures will have to be adopted before we are effectively confronted by the constraints
arising from the agreements of the Uruguay Round. This directive should be welcomed by the whole House and the issue of general product safety and its extension is something which must be commended. This
is a short-sighted aim, based on controlling inflation, which ignores the contribution of monetary policy to economic growth and employment. If businesses are to identify market niches and improve their
products, they need motivated staff who benefit from appropriate further training inside and outside their place of work.4.For schools: There must be an end to narrow specialization. Little remains of that
text now. Under these circumstances, that is not possible. Countries like the United Kingdom for example after all those disastrous years of under-investment under Tory governments, need to catch up and
we must be able to let them do that. I am in favour of an open approach - I think I have shown this - in order to attempt to put our assets to best advantage, to maximize them, to reduce the rigidities
and to determine where the true levers of our competitiveness lie. But a considerable proportion will remain in dollars and gold. Therefore, this scourge cannot but become one of our most important targets
over the next few years. Furthermore it is in this spirit that I would like to see Slovakia dealt with. It is in this spirit that our parliamentary committee for example, has championed the longstanding
idea of a public register of state aid, accessible via the Internet. First of all, the markets are not satisfied with statements alone. I can fully endorse what Mrs Lulling said in her speech just now. Parliament
was quite right to underline the difficulties that small and medium-sized enterprises have in accessing this programme, and the new text will quite specifically make it easier for them. Where Cyprus is
concerned, the signing of the protocol by the Turkish Government means, to my mind, 100% implementation. Yet in 50 years over half of these rare wetlands have been lost. We propose in Article 11: quite simply
by giving the ACP Parliamentary Assembly and the ACP countries the ability to question, the ability to verify and the ability to protest with regard to the use of these funds, which would be done under
the control of the European Parliament and in codecision with the Commission. A country where the government at this time is recruiting young people in the cities and mobilizing for battle. Well, in two
words, we are almost there. Given the current climate of suspicion, with another crash in New York of an airliner this evening, what additional security measures will be taken to protect us? We have already
urged the Secretary-General to make bold proposals, not least in the wake of the oil-for-food scandal, as it is important that such steps are taken. &#160;&#160; Mr&#160;President, I believe that there
is nothing left to add. Nevertheless, the Commission has to ensure that fair competition takes place. But the net must not be closed in so tightly that those concerned no longer have to make any effort at
all to maintain their independent position on the market of supply and demand. The report will also contain a road map pointing the way forward for the work in this area. The fact that the Council is not
here, I think regrettably, is because the Council will not listen to anything Parliament has to say. We must get to grips with this matter because the next great environmental issue may be fluoro-organic
chemistry and the various forms thereof. Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, employment is the key instrument in counteracting social exclusion. These are resources designated for supporting
persons, individual persons and not companies. But I have a few cautionary comments to make on the new transatlantic marketplace. The Gaddafi regime undertook an unprecedented lethal repression using air
force, helicopter gunships and ruthless mercenaries shooting to kill unarmed civilians. On the contrary, the free market and fair competition work well only if consumers can make good and free decisions
on the basis of information and experience. Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, this is the second time we have discussed Kosovo today. This statement is based on poor conjecture and as it is only in the
explanatory memorandum we cannot vote on the subject. What we are seeking to achieve is obviously consistent, for instance, with the OECD guidelines for eradicating poverty. For my final point, we hope the
Commission will consider the points that the committee has made tonight, the serious point about disqualification, and comment on whether or not they feel proposals can be brought forward in the future
to close that serious loophole. In Ireland musicians and performing artists such as BoyZone and the Corrs have appealed for copyright protection for their work. Certainly not consumers, because if so you
would be aware that one of the basic principles of European Union legislation is that only safe, completely harmless products are allowed onto the market, and even then they are labelled. For reasons of
subsidiarity, we have not produced any legislation, but we had our way with the preamble. The first of those problems arises because the multinational protection force is to begin demobilizing in mid-July
and withdraw completely by the end of August, by which time it is highly likely that Albania will still not have its own adequate system of internal controls. Of course, numerous members referred to what
we too have stressed, i.e. that Zimbabwe was a food-exporting nation and that the current food shortage is mainly the result of misguided policies and only due in part to the drought. Through this resolution,
we are sending a clear signal to the Commission, to the governments of our Member States and to the international community that, as parliamentarians, we take these issues extremely seriously and desire
more than merely words in Monterrey. I want to make stronger points about the Code of Administrative Behaviour. Moreover, high-tech products are the only means whereby Israel's balance of trade deficit,
like ours, can be reduced. in writing. - This own-initiative report is an excellent opportunity to feed into the current review of the single market. We have therefore retabled a number of amendments from
the first reading. Temporary work is on the increase in all of the countries of the European Union, although this group of workers varies greatly from country to country. I am confident that our efforts
will be rewarded very soon. We thus need to ask ourselves what we can do to win back people’s confidence in the European Union and its institutions. I will be supporting the 8-hour or 500-kilometre limit,
and strongly support the view that the climate conditions of each Member State should also be taken into consideration. Mr President-in-Office, as a European, I cannot fail to express my deep concern at
the way the Intergovernmental Conference is being conducted. I therefore think that we can cooperate as closely as possible within the framework of the new legal basis. Mr President, firstly I should like
to thank the rapporteur, Mr Ferber, for all his work and, indeed, thank the Commissioner for his work. The Council hopes that these talks will involve genuine negotiations which will prevent further acts
of violence and represent a first move towards a peaceful transition process in Zaire. We voted squarely in favour of the Piecyk report. The adoption of a political agreement between the fifteen governments
on the quality of water for human consumption should also be noted. What do we actually learn from these two reports? Mr President, I am afraid I do not intend to respond to the remarks made by Mr Hänsch,
who was probably inspired by the Carnival in the Rhineland, because he could not possibly have been inspired by the election results in Hesse. The microcredit system operating in numerous countries and
on several continents has also proved that with the provision of appropriate training and monitoring, this system can offer assistance to the most vulnerable groups who are forced to face grave difficulties
on the labour market. We also know what our rapporteur has referred to - point 18 in the report stipulates that there can be no transfer of water within the Union without the express permission of the Member
States. In addition, he was denied medical treatment for over a year. The report fails to mention social, economic and cultural rights; neither does it call for these rights to be treated as an EU priority. However,
the crisis management system proposed by the Commission falls short. Nevertheless, you should not forget that you are a Commissioner for Europe and that here, both on the coast of continental Europe and
on archipelagos such as the Azores and Madeira, there are many people who make their living from the sea, and as a matter of fact, these people tend to be some of the most deprived and the least supported. Our
aid must therefore always be linked to reform programmes for public administration. The lesser-used languages – whether we are talking about the language of Ulster or, for example, the Cornish language
– are a matter which has concerned the Union. The question is: do the elected representatives of the people still have sufficient confidence in the leadership of the central executive body of the European
Union? Then the document makes a clear reference to the Olive Tree for it says: ‘But the inspiration is still the original inspiration behind the Olive Tree’. Commissioner, I would like to thank you for
being here today and for your statement. I believe that Mr Catania, as rapporteur, had very good intentions. She is attending a very important event, namely the concluding phase of the tripartite discussion
on the Return Directive, which is, I hear, proceeding well and may successfully reach its conclusion today. &#160;&#160; Mr&#160;President, I too would like to congratulate the rapporteur on his good report
and his good work. As an Italian national, with German as my mother tongue, of Austrian Slovene descent, with a Tyrolean nature - a proper European - I have been particularly pleased that we are all reunited
in this Chamber as minorities and that minorities have been given opportunities. The fees can be waived in part or in whole. In my view, we should be prepared to cut down on travel costs, for example, but
if we cut the number of flights, the airline tickets of Members of the European Parliament should be exchangeable. The Commission supports some of these amendments in essence. Secondly, Parliament, the Commission
and Council have been successful in giving fresh impetus to the Lisbon strategy. After this vote the media called and asked me a number of times whether I had voted for or against. But also, because the
future of the European textiles and clothing industry depends on it, as the Commissioner is well aware. I agree with the rapporteur when she states that, in order to ensure the protection of minors in the
utilisation of new information technologies, various actions must be taken simultaneously at three levels of responsibility: politicians, the industry itself and the educational system and parents. Not
least, he said that awareness of the measures proposed and the projects implemented by the European Union is increasing thanks to the information networks. We want to ensure that this remains the case. The
fact that Europe's population is ageing is not new, we all know it. We expected nothing less from him. They would therefore lose all their capacity to compete, and, in order to counteract that, many producers
would feel themselves constrained to use ingredients that were cheaper and thus of poorer quality. A calming of the situation in Lebanon, after the meeting between the prime minister and the head of parliament;
a calming of the situation in Palestine, after the agreement reached in Mecca between Fatah and Hamas; and the first signs of calm throughout the Middle East after the first international conference in
Baghdad, last Saturday. Surely, as this motion for a resolution indicates, we now need to plan for a transatlantic assembly where you can get the main legislators on both sides of the Atlantic to talk with
each other and come to common initiatives together. Comments have been made, not only in this House, in an attempt to reduce and make light of what our government, our country and our people have had to
face. The two elements are quite separate and I think the processes for using them correctly, in cases that might arise, should remain distinct. At this juncture, according to the US authorities, a series
of bail-outs is not the answer any more. This has nothing to do with hate, Mr Schulz. If one day we do come under supervision, we will therefore be in a position to show the competent authority that we have
applied the relevant rules. This nationalistic approach in Parliament towards fisheries is extremely hard to accept from an ecological point of view. However, we do need a horizontal, harmonised structural
policy to safeguard the objectives of the common fisheries policy. The entry into force of the Lisbon Treaty will modify the rules in the budget sector, with the European Parliament and the Council as codeciders
on an equal footing on all expenditures. Nor can one speak of social dumping in a situation where there are no binding social or wage standards for all countries, and the reason there are no such standards
is that the level of development of our Member States is different, and in addition, policy differs from state to state. The competition to get a better and more environmentally friendly car on the market
first, the car of the future, is enormous. Let us also recognise that. Consequently the market in the European Union has been profoundly affected, with a marked fall in prices to the producer and in incomes
in addition to the problems that over half of European production from the past marketing year is still waiting to be marketed. I am, however, opposed on principle to the use of taxpayers' money for political
parties. With this in mind, we certainly have sufficient opportunity for constructive cooperation. Mr President, I rise in support of the Costa report. There are those who still fight the anti-liberalisation
battle. From this perspective, the promotion of young generations, including young girls, must be a priority of development cooperation. The Commission represented coherent positions on the part of the European
Union with the support of the European Parliament and the Council of Ministers and implemented many of them. This approach is further justified by the fact that 75 % of major conventional weapons bought
by European countries come from the United States. There has been an effective moratorium in place since then with the result that 53 people who were defined as subject to what we would call cruel and inhuman
punishment, have had their cases put on one side. Those are renewable energy and energy efficiency programmes currently in conciliation. Is that another joke? Firstly, it is only one office - High Representative,
Vice-President of the Commission - and secondly, she cannot take up office without the consent of Parliament. Such a conception must still have been prevalent in 1991, at a time when this ambitious project
seemed unlikely to appeal to certain Member States. Things in Somalia have now rearranged themselves. I am calling on the Commission to require that the relevant law should be upheld in all Member States
and to do all it can to ensure that it is implemented. As an author myself, I yield to no one in maintaining the rights of authors and performers - I add "performers" deliberately - to fair recognition
and reward, but these values will be misapplied if they are used as a ground for obstructing reasonable limitations on commercial copyright interests and, I stress "the commercial interests", which we
need to differentiate from the moral right of the author, which is expressly excluded from this directive. I should like to thank the President-in-Office of the Council for his selective reading from the
protocol on the position of Denmark. I highlight the fact that the British Canoe Union is begging us not to support the extension of this directive to recreational waters. We therefore greatly welcome the
fact that we have been able to update this Directive just in time. There is also a special set of problems in this context. We would have preferred for there not just to be 65 of us out of 405 members who
rejected the GATT in 1994, for precisely these same reasons. in writing. - I voted in favour of the Gualtieri report. We have never called into question any decision taken by a national parliament, for we
recognise that national parliaments act in local contexts which are nothing to do with Europe. The report is clear and comprehensive. This probably means, inter alia, political parties; that is to say, there
would be financial support for the work of parties also operating in third countries. We believe that the market is useful, that it has its virtues; however, it is not a social model per se. I sincerely
hope that the Luxembourg Presidency will be able to drive this process forward and ensure that effective negotiations go ahead, because it is important that we respect the timetable established in the
Council’s multiannual strategic programme. Today we have a new crisis, and we are again called upon to play a role which I think must be decisive. We have now banned swill in the UK entirely. Moreover, the
cuts would then be made in connection with cohesion policy. As early as June last year the European Parliament called on the Council to decide on common action in relation to Cyprus. We have opened negotiations
with Croatia, and I notice that the British Deputy Prime Minister is there today furthering those negotiations, and we are making progress in the Balkans. Although artistic education is currently a compulsory
subject in many educational systems, teaching models still vary considerably from one Member State to the next. Consequently, Mr Franz Fischler and I have always made it our business to ensure the Union
pulls its weight in negotiations on agriculture. This is not in the interests of peace, nor is it in the interests of the Israeli people. That is why we maintain that the European Union must do all it can
to support the initiative of a regional conference, under the aegis of the United Nations, to bring about a final and lasting peace in the region. In other words, the Union is no longer a simple trading
partner but is also increasingly becoming a major partner in external political dialogue. Commissioner, I would like to know why you are presenting us with a report on the implementation of the Packaging
Regulations, because we all know well enough that the revised Packaging Regulations have already arrived. on behalf of the IND/DEM Group. - Madam President, in, Amendment 4 mentioned 'mobility for the unemployed'. However,
I should like to remind our Israeli partners that for the European Parliament, human rights are non-negotiable. Amendments 6, 24 and 36 imply that preference should be given to the former mining site of
Almadén for the storage of mercury. Both sides must realise that they must resolve their differences at the negotiating table and not on the battlefields. The adoption of this proposal also represents a
victory over the most conservative positions that still exist within the European Parliament, meaning that the struggle to defend women's rights, maternity and paternity rights, and the rights of children,
will continue. We are almost one hundred per cent in agreement in the Committee on Women' s Rights and Equal Opportunities. Unfortunately, in many new Member States, they are being burdened with collective
guilt, as states try to ban them from being educated in their own language or studying their history and learning the names of their home town, local places or rivers. Report (A5-0112/2001) by Mr Stauner,
on behalf of the Committee on Budgetary Control, on the Commission report on the measures taken in the light of the observations of the European Parliament in its 1998 discharge resolution [COM(2000) 558
- C5-0560/2000 - 2000/2263(DEC)] Firstly, it is crucial that freedom of services should be applied in all Member States. The Commission should restrict itself to ensuring compliance with international regulations
which permit the use of drifting gill nets. I wish to thank Mr Mitchell particularly for some very good answers. Among the statistics, one figure is of particular concern: in 2008, 1 100 children were victims
of road accidents in the European Union. Well, the decisions made at Helsinki are demanding ones, with clear benchmarks, and we are not currently negotiating Turkey' s accession to the European Union. On
the other hand, we can have too little. On that point, I agree with the previous speaker. We must acknowledge our share of responsibility in the destruction of our forests, lakes, rivers and seas. For me,
it is not personal, electoral or party interests that count. Naturally, my group, the delegation of the Dutch Freedom Party (PVV), thought that that approach was quite right. Mr President, before my customary
three points, I want to take issue with what Nigel Farage of the UKIP talked about. Nicaragua is one of the poorest countries and it has the highest per capita debt in the world. Amendment&#160;22 should
be adopted in order to ensure that such funding is not excluded, and I am very much in favour of this amendment. Likewise, I should like to express our sincere appreciation to Commissioner Busquin for his
constant readiness to take our contributions on board. The car industry must also contend with the consequences of an anti-car policy propagated by the Greens. I should like to begin with a few words about
the history of this proposal for a directive. It is a very low threshold; it is very easy to go back to a full normal procedure. Yet we also know that the deterioration of the oceans will significantly destabilise
whole areas of our planet. Therefore, does the Council agree that this is an example of best practice, that it should be shared and consequently that it is necessary that a suitable EU-level platform is
put in place to do this? I am very concerned about the recent events in Italy. It is not true that if individuals amass wealth on a colossal scale it will benefit the community at large. We would therefore
like to ask the Commissioner whether she agrees with this approach and whether the Commission believes that the level of payment appropriations in the Council's draft budget is sufficient. This marathon,
Mr&#160;Hatzidakis, has required a lot of effort but has resulted in a reasonable compromise. If we reach an agreement in Amsterdam - and once again the situation does not seem so bad - it is possible that
the results will not match our expectations as someone has already emphasized. What is the Commission's scope for negotiation to achieve an 'amicable' settlement of this matter and avoid reprisals against
the EU while, nevertheless, enabling the EU to maintain a strict regulatory framework in relation to GMOs? The development of standardised consumer contracts may be something to investigate further once
this solid base is established. None of this, however, is going to resolve the current situation. We will also develop standards for adult learning professionals and quality assurance mechanisms based on
existing good practice. We want to be told straight away, not two years later, if something has been rejected or approved. After the vote on Amendment No 6 What is certain, however, is that citizens of the
EU are harassed by continuous, not to say suffocating, restrictions on their privacy, and likewise it is certain that this is totally useless in protecting us from terrorists. When shall we see a decision
concerning Microsoft? Our habits and our traditions will have to change. That will then be a good time to consider a possible increase in the funding. Finally, it must be clear that the projects set out in
the Commission's communication should not be carried out to the detriment of regional programmes already under way in the culture, heritage, training and audiovisual fields. Next week I will go to the Bundestag
in Berlin. Of course, for a successful implementation of ideas, governance matters very strongly and a governance framework for innovation must be based today on pragmatism and must be delivered with a
sense of urgency, and also must be at the service of the policy content. If not, Member States will be given too many liberties. I am convinced of it. I would like to ask you quite openly: Is it not the case
that discrimination against the Roma is also one of the reasons why the community has not made use of such EU funds to date? It is increasingly senseless, treating some cultural products as if they were
industrial products, to establish forms of protection that limit their access to certain locations, such as cinemas. So I would be a bit worried about sending him to Spain. Thirdly: violations of the Nuclear
Proliferation Treaty must be met with sanctions, to be decided by the UN Security Council. There is no doubt that it has categorically refuted the negative allegations of its many detractors. I believe in
the EU we grossly miscalculated in over-indulging biofuels. Whether there should be penalties or fines was one of the most complex questions. This is how mankind now manages the natural order. The internal
market has been in existence for 20 years, but it is not yet complete. These partnerships cover Innovative Medicines (IMI), 'Clean Sky', European Technology Platform on Nanoelectronics and ARTEMIS for Embedded
Computing Systems. Yet the European Union and Parliament are fighting against extraterritorial laws that the United States are trying to impose, such as the Helms-Burton Act. The aim is therefore to issue
a short-term residence permit to the victims of these networks who cooperate with the courts or the police. Mr President, there is no doubt that Saddam Hussein is a villain who has committed atrocities
against his own and the Kurdish people. Member of the Commission. - Mr President, recently, the situation in Belarus has been evolving rapidly. Turkey must not join the European Union quite simply because
it is not a European country. Protecting water as a scarce resource is fundamental for environmental protection and economic development. At the moment, the number of asylum seekers is not falling, but rising
significantly. The north of the Korean peninsula has become an enormous ghetto, incarcerating millions of Koreans, who, under the militaristic administration of their regime, can only dream of a free life. Madam
President, this is a very important topic that we are debating, because cyanide is an exceptionally dangerous substance. on behalf of the ECR Group. - Mr President, it has been said in the debate but I
will reiterate that we are all aware of the huge extent of the disruption caused by the volcanic ash cloud. The main focus of this resolution is to nudge the international community forward, to ensure that
Burma is put on the UN Security Council agenda as soon as possible. The report also states, and I apologise for this, that the reconciliation commission that has just been mentioned did not have an investigative
element of a sufficiently high standard. A glance around this chamber shows that it is not exactly the most popular of places. This result cannot be achieved without appropriate rules and uniform conditions. In
my country, supplying water to the sand dunes region (Homokhátság) is a concern, since the groundwater level has fallen by 4-5 metres over four decades, and the area has become a semi-desert. It is very
important for students to have the opportunity to spend a year outside their own countries, for the opportunity to live alongside other EU citizens, for the training that this experience provides and for
the opportunity this offers them to learn and perfect another European language, which is so important for us as EU citizens. For this reason, I propose that the European Commission consider establishing
an online information portal where any citizen wishing to contact the Commission directly can receive an answer within three days at the most. &#160;&#160; Even though the nuclear industry has spent five
decades looking for solutions to radioactive waste, we are, in this respect, still at square one. European citizens no longer believe in your Europe which is worn-out, ageing and tired - as the French Prime
Minister would say when speaking of his opponent - and the people, in a perfectly healthy response, are in the process of rediscovering their personality in a vote expressing their national identity. I
have raised this matter myself in very clear terms. Biodiversity: I completely agree that this is important, and that was exactly the reason why we included biodiversity in the new challenges when we agreed
on the health check of the common agricultural policy in November 2008. He isolates himself and shows by his attitude the vital importance of majority voting. &#160;&#160; The resolution just adopted by
the European Parliament on the area of freedom, security and justice (AFSJ) undoubtedly scales the same heights of irresponsibility to which, on immigration issues, this House has accustomed us. Most of
the new Member States are not yet ready for accession. What we have seen is that war affects the environment in the long term and is dangerous. Even in rich western countries, the dominant class deprives
a large proportion of the population of these rights! Suddenly to agree at a few hours’ or minutes’ notice to debate a very important subject is clearly in breach of the Rules of Procedure. The threat to
fish stocks and their much-needed protection are now the symbol of humanity's entry into a new era of scarce resources: fish resources, food resources and energy resources. You talked about a level playing
field. We will have to find a better way of incorporating them - as a matter of course - into the process of dialogue and cooperation. It is these elements that should be the target of our ire. But we would
all like to help put an end to this situation. We will therefore make a deliberate effort to involve the previous presidency, with which we have maintained very close contact, including contact at a personal
level. It is the responsibility of each of the institutions, ourselves included, to ensure that a Commission actually exists at a specific moment in time. I agree that each agency should establish a multiannual
work programme, in accordance with the Union strategy in the sector it deals with. I took it positively but I am a bit afraid that, when we talk about biodiversity and international help, we will talk more
about euros than dollars. Even certain Member States at the forefront of the demands for me to adopt emergency and urgent procedure have not sent me the facts on which I could base such urgent action. (FR)
I voted in favour of all the reports concerning the accession of the 10 new Member States. There are four particular points that I want to support: first of all, the use of funds to encourage new entrants,
to assist the essential transition of farm families from one generation to the next; secondly, the prioritisation of funding to allow for the modernisation of farms and help with meeting higher animal
welfare and environmental standards; thirdly, maximum regional flexibility on the implementation of the rural development programme must be secured and built upon; and fourthly and finally, the proposal
for village renewal and the preservation of rural heritage is vitally important in revitalising and sustaining the rural communities. It is really incredible what has happened in this House. Huge progress
has been made in the field of competition over recent years. Self-evidently that is nonsensical. Not counting certain irresponsible troublemakers who, of course, turned up with intentions which had nothing
to do with the progress of human thought, there was indeed excellent and extensive participation, for which the European Confederation of Trade Unions was largely responsible. I would like to thank those
people in the Commission who have supported it. We are talking here about things that free the economy on both sides from many many billions of euros of unnecessary expenses, money that could be invested,
or used to create jobs and promote clever innovations. Let us use European money - EUR 10 to 15 million would be enough - to buy up and destroy southern Africa's ivory stocks, and if the majority of the
European governments will not agree to that, then the NGOs will have to collect enough money to stop all the elephants being sold off. (A5-0238/2000) by Mrs Carlsson on Estonia (COM(1999) 504 - C5-0027/2000
- 1997/2177(COS)); &#160;&#160; – Mr President, it would seem that some of the work done by this Parliament, and hence work also done by women, is at risk of going to waste as the plenary time we have left
is simply not enough. I am most interested here in the money this would save. A 10% reduction in CO2 on the basis of a well-to-wheel analysis sends a positive and powerful message, certainly in times when
oil companies are expending increasingly more energy on producing petrol and diesel. (DE) Mr President, I would like to return to Commissioner Špidla's second statement. Another is the control and auditing
systems, which have also been strengthened in recent years, for instance in internal policies in the research family, where we have increased the control and auditing staff. It will require regular verbal
or written reports about such issues as which monetary objectives are set and why, the degree to which objectives are implemented and the reason for any possible divergence and the effects of monetary
policy on the economy and employment. This is a problem not only for the people of Tibet, but also for those of the neighbouring and more readily accessible region of Xinjiang, home to the Uighurs, who
are related to the Turkic-speaking peoples, such as the Kazaks, Kyrgyzs and Uzbeks. An extremely significant question about the future is handled in paragraphs 6 and 7. I believe it is right to want to do
so. Mr President, while we are remembering the tragic losses in Afghanistan, we should also remember that, almost on a daily basis, we are losing British soldiers who are giving their lives in the NATO
mission taking place in that country. Mr President, one of the European Union's key achievements has been the ability to promote educational cooperation programmes. The agreement reached at the G20 summit
will help us find the right road to growth and jobs. We know there are countries which have had very good results; The maximum levels for pesticide residues in agricultural products consisting in 0.01mg/kg
for every individual substance and to 0.005mg/kg for the sum of pesticide residues, laid down in the proposal for an amending directive, have very serious implications for the production and consumption
of foodstuffs in the EU, the productivity and competitiveness of European agricultural products and international commercial standards. The result can then be that the new marriage is regarded as bigamy
in another Member State, which is a punishable offence. This is a joint problem - terrorist attacks in both the US and Europe have their origins in the region. I shall now return to each of these points,
but only briefly in order to leave time for the debate. Europe cannot safeguard these jobs. It will also give us the chance to consider the outcome of the first Euro-Mediterranean Conference of the Ministers
for Agriculture which will be held in Venice on 27 November, and the Conference on Investment, Infrastructure and Energy which will be taking place immediately before Barcelona 6, on 1 and 2 December 2003. In
my report the teachers frequently asked when I would finally make up my mind to learn. In our recent report on the application of the broad economic policy guidelines for 2001, we point out that in some
network industries, the older operators still maintain high market quotas, an indicator that the opening up of the market is still not as desired. It is not possible to illustrate this important resolution
in two minutes, but it is possible to stress the salient points. However, we must be absolutely realistic. Mr President, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, if, today,
we are discussing at first reading stage the Community budget for the coming year, we are of course talking about politics coated with figures. As you know, the role of the nation states is increasingly
under discussion as a result of globalisation. We must continue to strive as we have for over fifty years. (PT) The directive proposed by the European Commission on which we have voted today aims to harmonise
Member State legislation on third-country nationals with regard to migration for the purpose of employment. The latter should not need repeating - we describe ourselves as a Union based on human rights
and civil liberties. I said that I condemn human rights abuses anywhere in the world, in Cuba as elsewhere. Many have been detained 'administratively', without charge or trial. Even without considering the
use of cyanide, mining for gold is far from kind to the environment. I and others have stood for both national and European sovereignty. That will be good for Europe and will guarantee jobs in the long term. And
the matter does not end there. The outcome, I think, clearly will be further delay and damage to the European Union's reputation in South Africa. At the present time there are two draft Regulations on the
table. The fight against corruption and organised crime remains a purely formal matter in this territory, and the same applies to decentralisation and civil service reform. Even enterprises that work on
a global scale act according to the principle of 'small units and big networks'. I say six months, but in fact we have worked out that it amounts to no more than 99 working days, which of course does not
mean that our staff will not be working at weekends. This does not, however, mean that the presence of these contaminants is not a cause for concern. It must, thirdly, be clear to us that development has
progressed further. Mr President, I would like to thank Mr Pirker for the splendid work he has done in preparing this very important report. Furthermore, should EID be introduced it should only apply to
animals born after a certain date and should not apply to existing stock. They can see the adverse effects the demographic development has, and that makes people, also in the discussion about the European
social model, very reticent. Perhaps the President-in-Office is once again demonstrating his powerlessness. The proposal relating to the European Year for Active Ageing can doubtless make an important contribution,
enabling older workers to play their part in the labour market, combating social exclusion and fostering active participation in society through a kind of 'healthy' ageing. I believe that the EU is very
glad to be indeed making such a contribution by stationing troops in the region, although we should have liked to see a European armed forces rather than national troops from the individual Member States. The
Commission will fully undertake its role in instigating, managing and supporting the Member States’ efforts. I tried to do something with it when recently 100 Members of the British House of Commons protested
in connection with the discriminatory treatment meted out to a British Airways employee wearing a small cross. I therefore congratulate Parliament again on the key part it has played in achieving this result. The
Employment and Social Committee wanted to make a reference to the findings of the recent report on supplementary pensions, particularly on the prudential rules. on behalf of the ECR Group. - Mr President,
the first report of the Special Committee on the Financial, Economic and Social Crisis clearly identified the many causes of the financial crisis and their subsequent consequences for the EU and the global
economy. Ferry traffic as a means of communication would be adversely affected. In seeking to enhance fair trial rights generally, this framework decision will have the effect of ensuring a reasonable level
of protection to foreign suspects and defendants. Such great hopes have arisen or will arise from our young people. It is important to study all the links in the chain and establish what exactly happened
and where responsibility lies. Since the establishment of the European Public Prosecutor's office is postponed, it is high time to move forward in the fight against fraud by strengthening the independence
of the European Anti-fraud Office and by strengthening the investigative power of OLAF. We have a situation now where pilots are flying longer and longer hours. Neither was I impressed in any way by the
paragraph on migration, which is why I ultimately voted against. These shared experiences provide a solid foundation from which we can build. That is why we proposed an 'Erasmus first job' scheme, which
was approved; we are waiting for the Commission to follow up this proposal. Correct me if I am wrong, Commissioner, but is the date of December 2004 either the date on which we will no longer take our political
community of values as such seriously, or as the date on which the guillotine comes down on Turkey's membership? Of course there is tough competition and there is a difficult challenge for European producers
and manufacturers to rise to, and we have an obligation to do everything we can to help European producers rise to this challenge and to help those employed in companies adjust to the challenges and the
new circumstances of international trade which we are experiencing. First on my list of speakers is Mrs&#160;Grybauskaitė, on behalf of the Commission, but, as I understand it, she would prefer the rapporteur
to begin. We can learn of other practice and experience, although, at the same time, we also make a stand for the wealth that exists in cultural differences, which is visible, too, in our educational systems. I
also wish to say that we shall work to strengthen our existing ties with Africa, to which we are bound through its unhappy history, with Asia, with the regional organisations and with the United Nations
system to move forward together on the great challenges of the fight against poverty and disease, environmental protection and conflict prevention. That great polity will not do well, however, unless it
avoids taking power from the little people, the more local levels of government. The Commission is able to accept all the amendments with the exception of Amendment No 5. Other non-Muslims and even Muslims
who experience their beliefs in a different fashion to the Ahmadies live in constant fear that they will be entrapped by the religious laws. Mr&#160;Juncker was right to propose to eradicate world poverty
within the first half of this century. However, it must also take steps to promote the freedom of expression of independent media and the protection of journalists and human rights defenders. You have mentioned,
and I share this concern, the credibility of the Economic and Monetary Union and, in particular, the credibility of our single currency on the markets. These issues, as you know, belong to the past. We have
stated that whilst we recognise the geographical and traditional conditions, we view them as special regulations which do not obviate the necessity of continual analysis in these sectors as to what opportunities
for liberalisation and growth exist there. We have the Consumer Diary, as you know, which is distributed in schools. Only the actions of the European Commission, to prevent the smuggling of counterfeit cigarettes,
provide a positive example of such cooperation. We also want the European Commission to be the European executive. There are an increasing number of reports of torture and of poor treatment of the detainees
in this centre. I will quote only one: for example, the company "Alfa Cie. This proposal provides too few solutions and too many prohibitions. I also hope that the Council will take a decision on reduced
VAT rates without any further delay, thereby allowing Member States to apply reduced rates for restaurants, as already exist for other activities relating to tourism. Firstly, I must say that the United
Kingdom, one of the countries where the alcohol limit is greater than the 0.5 which we recommend -as Mr Watts mentioned a moment ago - is the country with the second lowest number of accidents in the European
Union after Sweden. For these reasons, and to ensure that this issue is clearly regulated, I have voted in favour of the regulation in question. It is now intended that new type approval provisions should
be adopted, to enable tractors with a design speed of 40 km/hr to obtain EU-wide type approval. In its rural development plan, Ireland committed itself to complete designation by the end of 2001. In any
event, regardless of the selfish and unbefitting attitude of the pilots, who are putting privileged interests before those of the public and other company employees, I think the government should open
the sector up to competition between airlines, with the same quality and safety requirements and the same financial support, to compensate the islanders for their isolation and remoteness. We must be on
our guard here. All the issues have been removed from the original text because they have meanwhile been settled by the Algerian editors, its government and its parliament. For my part, in France, I do not
need an authority in order to restore my confidence; Recognition and supervision of suspended sentences, alternative sanctions and conditional sentences - Mutual recognition of judgments in criminal matters
(debate) ... from the offices to the level of the plenary. We have no alternative but to pursue an active policy in relations with Pakistan. I should like to thank the rapporteur, Mr Vidal-Quadras Roca, for
his conscientious approach and his efforts to reach agreement on an issue of such sensitivity for our citizens. Is it to be a political Europe or a business Europe? I see signs in this that it is not in
vain that Austrian history has played a significant role in Kosovo. We view this as rather risky. What, though, has limited European production in this area? Let us turn the ideal of common spiritual values
and historic experience into the reality of a unified and prosperous Europe, attractive to all citizens of its countries and serving as an example for other regions and continents. Commissioner, I would
urge you to ask Mr Monti to finally deal with this complaint. If the implementation of a project of common interest is considerably delayed, the Commission may, pursuant to Decision No 1692/96/EC of the
European Parliament and of the Council on Community guidelines for the development of the trans-European transport network, consult the Member States concerned and adopt suitable measures, with due regard
to the division of competences. We are not in principle opposed to the accession of new Member States, provided that this is the will of the people and that it does not undermine Portuguese interests. Just
think of the principle of equal rights for men and women. Likewise for Serbia and Montenegro: the significant progress made in relation to the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia has
been the result of our conditions for starting negotiations on the stabilisation and association agreement. It is difficult to get the European people to believe in our project when they see state aid going
to various enterprises behind the Commission's back and being approved after the event. That being said, I am going to focus my speech on North Korea. In a Europe characterised by free movement and free
trade, security must be shared. The Committee on External Economic Relations would not have had any difficulty, at its meeting in May, in drawing up a report, and submitting it today. As for the rest, Madam
President, ladies and gentlemen, I agree with all those who have told me that, in order to ensure its future, the European Union must be closer to its citizens. You are absolutely right, Mr Marinos. The
reflection of this is the fact that the legal regimes on abortion in Member States are still very divergent, as indeed the Member who has just spoken will recognise. My appeal, and my worry, is that we
are over-reacting, and I hope the Commission could consider that. It is this dynamic and progressive definition that we are defending today in this sensitive area of electromagnetic waves. Should they continue
as before, or is it time for a review? Port areas have been better defined to limit the costs imposed on the supply chain outside the geographic area of the port. The Belgian Presidency hopes to be able
to consolidate this progress at the General Affairs Council in Luxembourg on 8 and 9 October and then build on it with regard to two additional aspects: the status of the candidate countries at the Convention
and the organisation of a Civil Forum. So there is work to be done here. The Community supports this science-based approach and therefore is hesitant about the proposals concerning the African lion and endemic
reptiles. The creation of intermediate regions was essential for our country and for the outermost regions, and I fervently supported it. With the European Commission as the energy supply partner representing
the interests of all 25 Member States, Russia would have to show more respect. In this context, I should like to ask Mr Fischler something. We now know that we have an opportunity to make a success of the
new Intergovernmental Conference. A few days before it began, emissions trading fraud worth EUR 5 billion was exposed. Rather, we need to employ all our diplomatic efforts to keep the pressure on the Indian
Government to maintain its current efforts in providing compensation and working on detoxification of the area. The press is still at the command of the government. All I want to do is ask Commissioner Flynn:
how do you think people can deal with what is currently on paper in this position in a decent manner? Secondly – and in this I almost completely agree with what Mr&#160;Rasmussen said before me – we obviously
also need to defend our own values in the context of the enlargement negotiations. All the issues included in the resolution are of current concern to Latvia. The rules in question have also been agreed
so that we have decision-making processes through which we can solve problems, and which allow us to deal with cases in a dignified way for both parties. We must not give in to those Member States that
are failing to invest sufficiently in this. It will identify the essential hubs - ports, airports and logistical hubs - overcoming the border barriers. Mr Crowley made it known that he wanted the floor on
a point of order. We know that growth does not guarantee jobs but without growth jobs will not be created at all. For that reason, state intervention and EU aid to promote competition is well justified. I,
in fact, would rather not abandon the smallest coin, because in all European countries the so-called lucky penny is important, so it is right that the European Parliament only proposes eliminating the
2 and 20 cent denominations. We are therefore in full agreement with Mr Watson’s statement that this arms embargo is one of the last means available to the European Union, whereby it can force the Communist
dictatorship in China to respect human rights. Not for reasons of mere formalism, but because this is a very important political question for the citizens of the European Union. Mr President, I would like
to know whether I have understood you properly. I think that the internal market should also be taken into account here, which means making money available on both sides. This is also valid for Chechnya. The
European Bureau for Lesser Used Languages has also begun to work on the establishment in the new Member States of national committees representing linguistic minorities, along the lines of similar committees
existing in the current 15 Member States of the Union. The answer to all three questions is Judge Goldstone. My third remark is that I am disappointed there is no mention of the northern sparsely populated
regions in the reports. There are certain areas where this piece of legislation could have been better. If we are striving to ensure lasting employment for Europe's citizens, then, particularly now in this
difficult economic situation, we need to ensure that people can implement their own good ideas themselves in order to generate their own income. This week we approved the amendments to be made to the Rules
of Procedure by a vast majority. That would ensure that we would stay out of crisis in the future. To tell the truth, nobody was in favour of this reform, given the inevitable risk of deadlock. These issues
are the subject of other evaluations, such as the European Commission's Cooperation and Verification Mechanism. The Irish Presidency is very well situated, given the competitiveness the European Union requires,
to take the path of the Lisbon Summit. We must emphasise the good-news stories of when we help the citizen. I have to tell you, Mr President, that you are now well over half way through your presidency,
and your record to date is not one of success; you still have much to do to make your presidency of the Council a successful one. I suspect that what lies behind this is that we still cannot agree on the
analysis of how we actually got into this mess. (ES) I would also like to elaborate on the contradictory situation in which we find ourselves today, continually supporting the process of Turkey's membership,
because we need Turkey in the European Union for many reasons. Training, let us be in no doubt, cannot be examined separately from the contemporary requirements of the labour market and, on this point,
we need to make use of every means at our disposal to help young people. As the resolution states, the basic preconditions for close cooperation in terms of the European Neighbourhood Policy are the abolition
of capital punishment, a free media, freedom of speech and assembly, freedom of religion, a respect for democratic values, and the immediate release of political prisoners. I do not doubt that the House
will call upon the Commission to submit a new proposal, and would remind the Commission that it is obliged to do so, and that that is what must happen. I agree that this is regrettable, but is it really
enough to justify accusing the Commission of deliberately obstructing the inquiry? Last year's declaration on implementation profiles and the plan to do away with the abnormal RAL must therefore be followed
through. The focus is still on the mandatory 100 g nutrition labelling. Everyone realises, in view - I am sorry to say - of the accidents that have occurred, that flag State control must be supplemented
by port State control. (Parliament approved the request) Mr Ford has the floor for a point of order. I have therefore voted yes to Amendments Nos 11 and 12. The report under discussion today is a direct result
of the commitment made at the European Council in Tampere, in October 1999, to combat this scourge of money laundering which amounts to between 2 and 5% of the world' s GDP every year. Throughout the negotiating
process, the European trade unions and, in particular, the unions in the metal industry, have highlighted these cases, specifically with regard to the problems to be expected in the automotive sector. This
is the aim of a further amendment we have tabled. This has implications both for the level of spending and for the Community structural programmes. We cannot say that it is all wrong. That is what Mr Maat
is proposing in this report. Europe has many objectives, which it must pursue simultaneously if we are to pull ourselves out of this situation. I would like to thank you for the honour I have today of speaking
to you on the subject of the agenda and the preparatory work relating to the forthcoming Extraordinary European Council meeting. Firstly, Mr Barón says that there is no similarity with the Tapie case because
the ineligibility in that case stemmed from a bankruptcy and in this case it stems from a criminal conviction. In an interview published in the Spanish press recently, Commissioner Monti emphasised the
pressure that Governments apply in competition cases. The UK, like other Member States, has played its part in resettling refugees through national resettlement programmes in the past, but it is hugely
important that through a coordinated, cooperative and communicative approach we discuss how we can best reconcile assisting those most in need with the situations of those Member States that are already
overburdened with national priorities. Dr Mombaur has carefully brought in considerations of enormous depth and moment which help us to realize that at last in European political circles which are essential
for overcoming the resistance which has been mentioned, there is a growing conviction that renewable energy and its sources can make a substantial contribution to the European energy scene. Finally, I must
emphasise the importance of indeed extending the benefits of this information interchange to businesses and citizens, thus fulfilling both the goals of the Lisbon strategy and the Europe 2005 Action Plan,
approved at the Seville European Council in June 2002. While health services were initially included in the draft proposal of the Bolkestein cross-border services proposal, it quickly became apparent that
a stand-alone directive on this most important issue of health - which has ramifications for all aspects of health care in our 27 Member States - was needed. As far as the European Parliament is concerned,
it is material, legal, medical, psychological and social assistance for crime victims. Like Bernadette Vergnaud, some MEPs regretted the fact that this text does not cover all the difficulties encountered
by patients within the EU, and more specifically in their country of origin. In particular, the accountability of the financial actors called on to manage budgets of hundreds of millions of euros remained
unclear, and that was likely to contribute to an increase in fraud and corruption to the detriment of the Union budget. (NL) Mr President, next week will see the United Nations climate change conference
in Cancún. I have seen the difference it makes there. In this light, it is appalling that this weekend’s negotiations on Parliament’s role in the budgetary procedure have failed, as, indeed, have the negotiations
as a whole. While the adoption of the directive is an important result, its transposition into national law is in fact the key stage in ensuring that the legislation is properly implemented by the Member
States and that no obstacles or barriers to the single market are created. (BG) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, at the moment there is a danger hanging over Bulgarian society. It is in that context that
we need to read paragraph 2 of the Earl of Stockton's report, where it mentions an unacceptable situation in terms of the spirit of Article 136 of the Treaty of Rome, Article 47 of the Charter of Fundamental
Rights and Freedoms on the right to a fair and public hearing by an independent, impartial tribunal, and Article 6 of the European Convention on Human Rights. As far as the ICC is concerned, I refer to
my other statement. In addition, I can say that in a case where the responsibilities in question are the Council's own (something that is purely hypothetical, as I said), then it would carry out a careful
analysis of each element of the dossier, and take appropriate measures if necessary. In addition, as far as we know, we as exporters of a hazardous substance are not able - and, pursuant to our WTO commitments,
not entitled - to demand that the recipients make the mercury traceable, which means that the whereabouts of the mercury are unclear and that there is a very definite possibility that it could return to
the Community. On the proposal to increase the appropriations, as contained in Amendment No 22, I should like to say that a substantial increase would not be acceptable at the present time because the sums
spent on export refunds are in no way linked to the promotion policy, since the proposal we are discussing primarily concerns quality products and products displaying high added value. I commend this compromise
to the House and to the Commission, in the sincere hope that the proposal for a balancing-out will find its way into the new proposal for a regulation. Madam President, having voted in favour of this resolution,
I think it is now time to apply the same approach to the Tehran regime as we have been applying to Libya and Colonel Gaddafi. It must be borne in mind that macroeconomic support, our budget support, is
in fact linked to health and education. He has therefore asked the European Commission to take this into account when applying competition rules and rules on the free movement of goods, and only to act
if existing national fixed price systems are deliberately being circumvented and if this has an adverse effect on trade between Member States. Our group is saying very clearly that manipulation of Schengen
comes at the greatest social and economic cost. As always when fisheries issues are debated in this House, the socio-economic consequences of fishing are referred to. As a Liberal, I am no great lover of
official do's and don'ts, but in the Netherlands we have found that the fertiliser problem cannot be resolved without recourse to instruments of this kind. The strategy will provide a platform for strengthening
the partnerships between authorities at different levels, as well as between authorities, the private sector and civil society. And it is public knowledge that laundering of the proceeds from crime is not
only carried out in tax havens; laundering also, and more importantly, goes on in the largest banks in the financial world. Why should there be special rules for embryos alone? In the mean time, the ASEAN
countries have taken the lead in coordinating external assistance. The new communication emphasises, in particular, the situation concerning the supply of rare earths and other essential raw materials. However,
it refused to grant the corresponding appropriations for paying salaries for those positions. With television, video, DVD and other new technologies of the digital, online and Internet age, any spectator,
any consumer who wishes to do so, can choose to view whatever they wish without any real barriers being able to hinder this consumption. The large combustion plants directive is directly relevant to the
question of emission levels. Not only - as is currently so evident - in the EU' s enlargement process, but also in ASEM. Moreover, the United States has revised its nuclear weapons policy so as to be able
to use its nuclear weapons, and not only in war but also for so-called preventive purposes. How do you think we can create a Union for the Mediterranean, bringing the northern and southern shores closer
together, if the southern shore does not come? 50, 000 billion is no mean sum, it is an important and committed effort, but the government is also rightly concerned to unite recovery with the possibility
of development. I have also included help for elderly or disabled family members and the irreplaceable role of women and men as carers, which is necessary to enhance the common good. This is being proposed
in Ireland; it is part of the Programme for Government and is being looked into. We must state explicitly that the Ukrainian tragedy was the direct consequence of a policy of terror raised to state level. Those
who lament the low numbers of working women - in my country too - often forget the millions of 'invisible' women working in the 15 EU countries, namely the wives who work in family businesses and who do
not appear in the employment statistics. Lastly, I would like to offer the various political groups my views about the amendments that have been tabled. A question that is outside the scope of Resolution
1701 but important for stability in the region is the activity of Palestinian organisations with their headquarters in Damascus and Syrian support for them. We strenuously condemn the decisions by the Administrative
Court of Cairo and the Egyptian Council of State, which bear witness once again to the further advance of fundamentalism in many countries - in the present case, through female circumcision, and elsewhere
through the family code or acts of terrorism. Why should this not also be the moment the Maastricht and Amsterdam Treaties talk about, for taking a major step in security and defence, not just to protect
and defend what is ours, but also to assume our responsibilities in stabilizing and bringing peace to our continent and the rest of humanity? Mr President, a number of Members would have noticed that at
the last Strasbourg part-session there were a number of very close votes. Europol and Eurojust must be given many more resources and perhaps be developed into some kind of European FBI that can coordinate
and lead preliminary and other investigations and perhaps even go in and make arrests. The pending implementing regulation must be drafted carefully and take Parliament’s views on the matter into account. In
fact, Mr President, I believe that we should explicitly welcome the presence of the delegation from Libya, a country which clearly plays an important role in the region and throughout the whole continent. Secondly,
scrupulous respect for private life, and very specifically for correspondence, with electronic mail necessarily being strictly protected. This is yet another important issue for budgetary policy in 2009. One
can only assume that there are certain agreements between the financial asset managers and the distributors of those assets. I do not want anyone to be excluded and I want to build on the work done in Barcelona. Prime
Minister Aznar's words to the effect that we must all join forces to tackle the extremely thorny issue of illegal immigration are confirmation of the will for Europe to have a single foreign and security
policy. Mr President, thank you, Commissioner, for tabling a proposal at last. What is apparent here is that it was in no small measure due to UCLAF, which can be and indeed has been completely efficient
in this matter, that we were able to expose beef exports from the UK into other Community countries via the so-called Irish connection . Everyone agrees that the efforts at reform engaged in by the Romanian
Government and authorities have been extremely significant. There can be no doubt that our aim should be to combat their social exclusion, since the ageing of the population is currently one of the most
important challenges facing the European Union. At present it is not embedded at the national, regional or local level. We must have an all-Ireland approach that goes further than animal health and that
includes a single regulatory approach for the island. We must therefore also concentrate on the key competences of the European Union and, in this connection, consider in which areas it is indispensable
for the European Union to be active. The first is to do everything we can to save - and I mean save - the last European fodder and protein crops and to encourage restructuring, avoiding, for example, the
complete decoupling of aid during the CAP Health Check, particularly as these crops offer indisputable environmental qualities for crop rotation and, consequently, for the soil. Mr President, I am delighted
this resolution has been adopted by Parliament in recognition of the problem that exists with additionality. Eurojust is not sufficiently well-informed, particularly on terrorism matters. The TACIS-Interreg
cross-border cooperation and TACIS-PHARE programmes must be brought more into the picture. &#160;&#160; Thank you for your comment, Mr&#160;Rübig. You, Mr President, have ensured that Parliament's role in
this entire period has been clear and has been effective. Next, the Commission's external offices. The ECJ judgment in the Turco case will have resounding consequences for transparency and access to the
documents of European institutions concerned with legislative issues. That is why I tabled an amendment to exclude multinational concerns from this budget line through its legal base. Lastly, two Members
of Parliament have mentioned something they think has happened in the Council, namely that the Council wants to have a stronger position for itself than is consistent with a balanced relationship between
the three institutions. There are provisions, certainly, for things like strength of superstructure but the worrying thing here - and I ask the Commissioner to address this - is that this is not all. We
cannot build up an indictment against whole countries based simply on conjecture, suspicion, circumstantial evidence or hunches. The Commission is currently preparing an analysis, but this has not prevented
its representatives from pre-empting events on several occasions by expressing clearly negative views of a tax at EU level. I was glad to hear from what the rapporteurs said that they and their committees
also recommend that we should adopt this approach, and therefore that we should conclude these partnership agreements. For the sake of foreign economic interests, different peoples were forced to coexist
under one authority. But first we need to understand that the Belarus dictator is probing to see how serious his EU partners really are about the importance of democratic reforms. In negotiations with representatives
of the European Council and the Commission, Parliament and, in particular, negotiators from the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats, managed to ensure that the budget for the
EU's new diplomatic service would be used more transparently. The treaty radically changed the lives of many European citizens by focusing on a new approach to border management. I did not hear Mr Duisenberg
criticising the intervention of the American monetary authorities to save the hedge fund, LTCM. We are the two largest democracies in the world, working together to promote development and cooperation not
only in the economic sphere but also in the social sphere, in order to guarantee a worldwide balance. I also have something to say to the Commission. You are going to Dublin on 21 July. I would like to point
out that an initiative which, at the time we launched it, met with great scepticism from the Member States of the Union, which was fiercely opposed by certain sectors, is in the end going to enjoy generalised
support. Representatives of the private sector may, however, present their points to those consultative meetings of the Commission in which important new developments in legal regulations may be mentioned. I
would like to remind you that the European Union exports to a certain number of third countries, notably Arab countries, almost 500, 000 head of live cattle. The aim is to establish better provisions for
the sharing of burdens in the event of future asylum crises in Europe. We are in the middle of an enormous transformation in society. We have planned an informal Council meeting, a Justice and Home Affairs
Council, for the end of this month, in Marseilles, and, to that end, we have tabled this issue on the agenda. The justice that we can give David Kato is not only to ensure that the perpetrators are brought
to justice for the crime that they have committed - the senseless murder of this young man. Of course, I believe that reform of the EU institutions, improved coordination and a new focus on demographic
issues and innovation strategies are necessary. Not only should the Committee on Budgetary Control give it due consideration, but so should the House itself. That was the European logic of the past, which
had fatal consequences. The proposal also corresponds to the suggestion made by Mrs Schleicher at the first reading in the Environment Committee, namely that a single exception may be made, that it must
be duly substantiated, that it need not be restricted to countries but can also apply to particular regions or geographical areas and that a concentration in excess of ten micrograms may not be authorised
under any circumstances. Personally, and I wish to say this before Parliament, I regret that such importance was given to the events surrounding the appointment of Mr Duisenberg. I voted against Amendments
1 and 3, as they propose removing crucial points from the report, thereby depriving it of important pro-active and decisive elements which are needed in order to address this particular issue. The Council,
by which I mean the Member States’ governments, proposes that expenditure be limited to 1.01% of gross national income for 2006. Mr Balkenende is prepared to come on the 21 December, during the Christmas
period, and I do not think it would be polite of us to tell him that we have better ideas and we do not want him to come. The Commission very much shares the views in their report and on the two remaining
issues where they propose one ex ante system. As to your question, I can only repeat that the Commission has to take the initiative. The challenges facing the EU constitute a decidedly uphill task. In relation
to poverty, we ourselves made combating poverty and the fight for social inclusion one of the objectives of the 2020 strategy, along with some concrete goals, and I agree that nowadays there is a greater
risk of poverty in our societies. We welcome the response of the European Union. Far from advocating a wasteful attitude - I am certainly not supporting the idea of reckless spending - our governments and
ourselves must show some generosity and vision. Why the double standards? The cotton regime was scrapped after a ruling by the European Court of Justice. Also, I have received numerous complaints at my parliamentary
office from the Romanian community of Valea Timocului in Serbia, in relation to the prohibition of the right to learn and pray in the Romanian language. On 13 November 2007 the Commission adopted its proposals
on the Telecom Reform, which include provisions that further strengthen the security and privacy regime underpinning the information society. It recovers lost quantity only very slowly, and regains its
original state only very slowly after pollution; cleaning polluted groundwater can be done, if at all, only at enormous expense and with recourse to enormous technical resources. The European Union is,
as we are all aware, the largest donor. Naturally there are pretexts: conflict prevention, crisis management and so on. The aim of the regulation was to enable the cooperating partners to use legislation
which would have same effects in both countries, because until then the method of simultaneous application of two legal systems had not been effective. Perhaps the Commissioner might care to address that
point in some way in the near future. It is a fundamental principle of human rights not to deprive an individual of his or her liberty without due justice and a fair trial. The European Energy Programme
for Recovery provides a financial package amounting to EUR 3.98 billion for 2009 and 2010. We are dealing with a report which affects the social, employment and economic policies of our States, but which
also concerns the whole of Europe in its desire to grow in unison. It must be remembered that national governments are responsible for national fiscal legislation. I should like to say, in closing the discussion,
that all the Groups present in Parliament have raised questions: naturally the biggest Groups have raised the most questions, but almost all countries have been able to express their views. This was the
first pillar of my recommendation. I believe that it will have significant repercussions, which have been listed by previous speakers. However, ladies and gentlemen, none of this is of any interest. At present,
we have relatively low inflation and low unemployment, together with stable state finances. It also exposes a black hole in monetary union: no one knows exactly what the exchange rate target for the euro
is. This report underlines the fact that the EU should contribute to world food security, and I congratulate it on that. Therefore is it not far better to stop this trade at the point of growing, rather
than the point of consumption or distribution? This will create the opportunity for a formal political dialogue with the government and a faster assessment of support to the country. Often governments which
bring a country into the family of the European Union suffer as a result; they are not re-elected. Progress and civilisation are born of unity, and Europe was great when it conveyed these fundamental values
that it derived from the Christian faith, turning them into the nations' cultural heritage and identity. Allow me to remind you of the broader context as well. In return, it promises to open its market to
all products from the least developed countries, except arms - and, of course, bananas, and sugar and the rest. We are prepared to thrash this out in a debate, but I think it is important that in the ultimate
scheme, Parliament has a role to play. Mr President, Belarus is the only one of the countries bordering on the enlarged European Union with which we cannot have normal relations, and President Lukashenko
has set at nought all democratic rules since the day he took office. There have been other cases of homophobia, for example, involving the Minister for Education in Poland. Mr President, there is one problem
whose urgency is clear for millions of workers in the European Union: attacks on pensions. While we need to act in order to encourage the take-up of higher education by the greatest number and actively
fight against early school leaving - only 31% of Europeans have a university degree, compared to 40% in the United States and 50% in Japan - we also need to make sure graduates are employable. We could
support that provided our Group and most of the other groups which meet in the evening on Tuesday have at least some opportunity to discuss the amendments and the text that comes out of the Committee on
Institutional Affairs. These issues top the political agenda across Europe, and they are often the most potent in mobilising political activity, often in a reactionary and even dangerous way. One paper talked
of a bizarre show of relaxed leaders who dodged the most crucial issues facing Europe. It does worry me when I see the reflex reaction of throwing money at the old industries and old technologies yet again,
in an attempt to prop up ailing industries. Democracy is and must continue to be a reference point for Parliament. I think Mrs Eriksson's report is excellent, but she raises a number of points on several
issues. This exercise in the discharge of the EDF, which we ritually tackle each year, should serve as an illustration, once again, of the ridiculous situation where Parliament inspects the discharge of
funds that do not figure in the Community budget, the amounts of which we are not consulted on and on whose expenditure we are only informed of a posteriori. I am afraid that, once again, it is the other
way round. Turkey is not geographically part of Europe, nor is it part of European history, whose religious, cultural and political landscapes have been defined by Christianity, the Renaissance, the Enlightenment
and the democratic nation state. Romania must enjoy all the rights and obligations of an EU Member State. Unfortunately, there is not only one. I think I heard the Commissioner just say that their aim is
to do so by the end of this Parliament. My decision was guided by the fact that the final negotiations on the budget, structural policy and agricultural policy should be able to be completed as soon as
possible. A number of very significant and definite commitments have been made. The success of the reform process taken on by Ukraine will depend on the promotion of, and respect for, democratic principles,
the rule of law and transparency. Renegotiation of the terms of the memorandum? There is no other way in which we can achieve that cooperation in the longer term. This vote relates to the second reading of
the proposal initially made by the European Commission in 2002. It is clear that the Union's economic policy of opening up its internal market to global competition is selling off what is left of our labour-intensive
industries. (PT) The European Parliament took an important step towards greening European Union energy taxation today, by giving the green light to the directive restructuring the Community framework for
the taxation of energy products and electricity. Today, the situation is different. The Air Force and Department of Defense have indicated that the KC-45 best meets the USAF's requirements. They must all
be retained in the spirit of the changes as ideals for the future. At the special meeting of the European Council in Tampere in October, on the subject of establishing an area of freedom, security and justice,
the emphasis was partly upon the importance of an overarching approach to tackling the drugs problem. According to statistics, patient mobility accounts for approximately 1% of healthcare services. I am
aware that in discussions leading up to the vote in the committee, certain institutional and legal issues have been raised which are of concern to some Members of this House. Last month all the countries
represented in the interim committee of the IMF proposed a new code of monetary and financial practice that requires greater openness. We could not move any closer to the Austrian positions, because then
we would have had problems with Members from other representations. It should not happen again, Mr President. The European Union has a duty to combat this situation. Needless to say, although there will have
to be extensive consultation with the Council on this matter, it is clear to everyone that a distinction must be drawn. I therefore want to start by welcoming the Commission's initiative and Mr Foglietta's
report. We can but share these concerns, which were duly expressed by the Commission in its last annual report. (NL) GALILEO will not come into being until American competition has cornered the European
market, which will be too late. That is precisely why I should like in particular to express my personal gratitude and appreciation for the work of the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs,
in which I took part on several occasions, and of its chairman, Mr&#160;Cavada, and rapporteur, Mr&#160;Alvaro. Mrs Hautala has not just lived with it herself but has also involved quite a few political
groups in the course of a very long period, and that has paid dividends. Farming is confronted with more risks than ever before. Is it about organised crime or about political and/or religious terrorism? These
fears were allayed through declarations adopted by the European Councils of December 2008 and June 2009. - (PT) Prime Minister, I hope you understand, as a former Parliamentarian yourself, that in Parliament
it is on political issues that we should focus our debate. As László Tőkés, Hungarian member of the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats), meets all the criteria needed in order to
perform such a function (integrity, commitment, support for the European construct), I voted in favour of his candidature. It is most important to incorporate that Charter. The budget for 1999 was adapted
in record time with the help of all the members of Parliament's Committees on Culture and Budgets, and a proposal to create a legal basis was considered. It is for this reason that I welcome the year 2007
regarding Romania and Bulgaria, which is a realistic date for these countries. However, EFSA has already put in place new guidelines that are much stricter. B5-0103/99 by Mrs Schroedter, Mrs Lambert, Mrs
Isler Béguin and Mr Voggenhuber, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, on the conflict in the Autonomous Republic of Dagestan. Given the development of the markets to a global size and a worldwide sphere of
activity, it is very important that supervision and enforcement are organised effectively. For the last time in this parliamentary term, and for the last time in my existence, I am therefore going to ask
you to vote. Just how serious the reaping in Europe is going to be remains to be seen. It is important to lay the foundations so that Europe, or rather the Union, soon to complete an enlargement process
which is unprecedented in its history and in the history of the world, can increasingly combine economic power with political dignity. Ladies and gentlemen, as a longstanding and ever more convinced federalist,
for the sake of political realism, for love of the Europe that should be able to draw strength from its own successes to promote other successes, at least in neighbouring countries, I believe that this
Constitution is a lost opportunity; an opportunity lost that others will suffer for. I believe it also means promoting women's rights as the sine qua non to advancing children's rights. The key, of course,
is resolution to the intractable problem of the Middle East. These children, along with those on the streets, can easily fall victim to criminals. There is a serious issue which I want to raise on the report
and I hope Commissioner Bangemann might respond to it. I suggest to him that they are premature and I would ask the Commission to reject them. Secondly, we never make any side deals when we are discussing
energy agreements. In the case of tourism, my services have been involved from the outset in the investigations. The work done by the EMPA over the last three years has paved the way for an ever more constructive
political future, but the Middle East conflict remains the number one problem. Constitution and convention - not more Treaties or more intergovernmental deviation - and that they do not once again respond
timidly to the great challenges facing us. We regularly speak about a global approach. In my view, it does not, however, extend to include, for example, hazardous substances produced in mining. I think that
Article 6 and its implementation could be a special item for the joint parliamentary and Commission committee on the European Social Fund, but there are other fora in which views can be exchanged. If a
clause of this type were not included, the whole process of commercial integration which we Europeans have implemented would be cast to the winds. Mr President, the central question in addressing the first
budget amendment of 2001 is whether we should continue to make in-roads in to European agriculture while the BSE fire is still raging. I think it is unfortunate that the debate on the Green Paper on the
territorial cohesion is planned for the autumn, after the report on cohesion policy. I do not here intend to stand as an accuser of the Commission, nor take it to trial, but to remind all institutions of
the demand for transparency and coherence, which we must commit to in front of the European citizens. We should have this information there in future, too. We cannot impose a rigid deadline on the scientists
for completing their evaluation of the proposal. So far as the proposal for insurance for farmers against various risks is concerned, the Commission has commissioned a study of the matter and I am informed
that the findings will probably be available this summer. Question No 55by Marit Paulsen, who has been taken over by Olle Schmidt (H-0493/02): The final - and I think crucial - point for the development
of electronic commerce across the Union is that we must provide a framework that encourages smaller businesses to get involved in electronic commerce. People also expect clear signals from the Union as
to how we plan to meet the challenges that lie ahead of us. It marks a significant step towards stabilising the situation. Since the Baia Mare disaster, the main shareholder, who is Australian, has withdrawn
his capital and has washed his hands of the destruction of the fauna and flora of Tsiza and of a large area of the Danube. Transport is one of the sectors that contributes most to energy consumption and
the one that relies most on the use of fossil fuels. The heads of the eleven agencies are highly qualified and have demonstrated their responsibility for their particular agency. Moreover, more than 90 %
of European milk production is consumed on the European market, so why does the Commission reject the system of 'double price, double quota' that is used in some countries such as Canada? What added value
has the European Action Plan provided for the European Union? We were unable to ban fats other than cocoa, but we managed to condition their use in such a way that developing countries are actually finding
the present text to be acceptable and that quality chocolate containing cocoa only can be distinguished from other chocolate. We recognise that it is necessary to reduce the quantity of waste produced and
achieve the highest possible levels of reuse of materials, and that all possibilities for dealing with waste are valid, provided that they are sustainable. on behalf of the ALDE Group. - (FR) Mr President,
ladies and gentlemen, we wish to support the Commission in its bid to encourage collective reflection on flexicurity. The directive gives the Commission a very great deal of power in this area. In particular,
we all recognised that we could only regulate the last pillar, that is, immigration, sensibly by ensuring that the number - I am choosing my words carefully - of unfounded asylum applications can be reduced,
at least that we can process them consistently. B5-0300/99 by Mr Van Hecke and Mr Khanbhai, on behalf of the PPE (Christian Democrats)/DE Group; Commissioner Byrne, I should like to go back to the question
of imported meat from outside the European Union. In particular, I should like to emphasise the constructive role of the European Parliament in shaping this satisfactory agreement. I voted against because
this report is a serious threat to and, what is more, a dangerous interference in an area in which pronounced individual and different cultures prevail in the various Member States. If we look at the budgets
for the Court of Justice, the Court of Auditors, the European Economic and Social Committee, the Committee of the Regions, the Ombudsman and the European Data Protection Supervisor, the budget that we
are now presenting, and that was adopted in the Committee on Budgets, has increased by EUR&#160;10&#160;million in respect of the preliminary budget from the Council. Nonetheless, certain Members of this
House have voiced their opposition to all this. I believe, and those of us who support these reports believe, that those monies will be put to good use, as it is clear that those countries are venturing
in the right direction. I worry about the fact that no one is really talking seriously but, as I have just learned, there is to be another meeting, tomorrow, Friday, of 14 countries which are supposed to
be participating in a multinational force, 14 countries which are spending their time wondering about exactly how they should participate and have still made no move. First of all, I am, of course, pleased
that all the participating countries were able to sign up to the Bali Action Plan, and that negotiations can start. We must lead the way in trying to slow down climate change. Supposedly, by the end of this
period, all the territories of the West Bank and the Gaza Strip would have been handed over to the Palestinian Authority, except for the issues of the negotiations on permanent status, namely: Jerusalem
(Al-Quds), settlements, borders, refugees, relations with other neighbours, and one item added subsequently, water. Strong, motivated and active diplomacy is the expression of the independence that embodies
the will to exist and the cohesion of people who are anxious to preserve their identity, promote their interests and contribute to the international balance. On the one hand, it was confirmed that it is
up to governments to guarantee equal rights for women and to pursue sound emancipation policy, and, despite many people' s fears, no retrograde steps were taken. Then we had just 434 members. We are currently
paying several hundred billion euro too much in interest on our government debt owing to the fact that there is no European bond market and all the bond markets are still segmented, with an enormous shortage
of liquidity. Maybe I am misinterpreting what the people are saying, but European citizens are fed up with the nitty-gritty talk about institutional change and reforms. In the short term, it has already
caused restructuring and large-scale lay-offs in certain sectors of industry. One other animal welfare issue I wish to raise is that of sheep tagging. They should be very well aware of the extent to which
olive oil is a source of livelihood and business throughout the Mediterranean cultural area. The sad aspect is that there are very many war criminals still at large. Families going through divorce proceedings
will be able to either choose the court according to their place of residence or choose the law applied by the country of which they are a citizen. Studies in Germany have shown that, unfortunately, EMAS
organisations have not yet recognised protection of the climate, for example, as a major goal. The fact that the Bank has now been opened up means that OLAF can ask for information from the Bank. The EU
must be open to new countries, but the Enlargement Strategy should fulfil the conditions of the EU Treaty and reflect the EU's obligations towards all candidate countries as well as those countries that
have been presented with the prospect of membership, while accepting that full and rigorous compliance with the Copenhagen criteria is an absolute condition. I believe that the more general problems could
be tackled within the context of a framework directive on fair trading. On behalf of my group I therefore urge you to support this motion. What part will be played in the Green Paper by the key issues referred
to in the ILO Convention on migrant workers? We are all the time being asked to use the budget more flexibly. There are some eleven million Bangladeshi living illegally in India. B5-0245/2003 by Brigitte
Langenhagen and Georg Jarzembowski, on behalf of the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats, on Taiwan's observer status at the 56th World Health Assembly; Where
line B5-312 - for the Medicines Agency in London - is concerned, we should now like to pay an additional 1.3 million because we have noted that the Agency now has a heavier workload because of orphan drugs. Despite
some uncertainty, the message of the Tunisian people is loud and clear: Tunisia wants to be a stable democracy that fully respects fundamental rights and freedoms. The Commission must make improvements
in this respect and elaborate on the relevant details. That being said, I believe it is time genuinely to ban phosphates if they are so dangerous and if they pollute the Mediterranean etc. My thoughts are
also with the victims. It is high time you announced what you yourself wanted rather than simply saying you will go along with whatever the others want. We need the technical experts to respond. I know that
you mean well, but I would be grateful if you could withdraw the amendment. My intention in saying this is not to interfere in other people' s business but to stress the need for effectiveness. The fact
that Sweden does not have a more significant role at the climate conference currently taking place in Copenhagen, however, is more likely to be due to Prime Minister Reinfeldt himself, for party political
reasons, having played down expectations of the conference at an early stage. And what do they hope to achieve in view of the American efforts? In fact, we can accept Amendments 4 and 7 of Mr García-Margallo
y Marfil's report. Given the uncertain situation as regards the attempts to eradicate BSE and in the light of recent events revealed by the Commission, who today can say that the appropriations allocated
to Community beef and veal producers have been overestimated? Once this regulation is approved, immigration liaison officers posted to third countries must form effective networks for cooperation at local
or regional level on the basis of the positive precedent set by the network established in the Western Balkans at the initiative of the United Kingdom and which has shown positive results in regulating
immigration from that region to the States of the European Union. In post scriptum to you, Commissioner, I do not know if the consensus proposal by the Committee on Legal Affairs comes as a disappointment
to you, but I should like to say to you and I honestly hope that, as soon as the Lisbon Treaty enters into force, the culture of cooperation between the Commission and the European Parliament will - and
must - change. I support the refusal to allow the automatic liberalisation of planting rights in 2014, particularly for wines protected by designations of origin and geographical indications. For these reasons,
I voted to reject the Commission's proposal. Swedish consumer organisations have looked at nickel metal hydride batteries after 500 chargings. Having talked about the inherent problems of the railways, and
air transport, we are now looking at European space policy. We know that in practice, in daily operations, we will have to streamline procedures as much as possible but, in general, this has not been seen
as a major issue in the whole evaluation process. There are long-term strategic issues that we need to keep in sight. The same applies to the presidency. They create a complex web of interdependence, which
can make it difficult to identify the nature and level of risks involved. The European Union fully supports the efforts of the Council of Europe on this score, in particular the framework of the common
position adopted by the Council on 2 June on the basis of Article J2 of the Treaty on European Union. First of all, I should like to underline once again that the focus must be on the citizen as user of
the services and as taxpayer. This is a fact which the Conference cannot ignore, which the States cannot ignore. It is for these reasons of principle that I voted against this report. Through it, I have had
the chance to get to know a great lawyer and parliamentarian. Secondly, it seems to me logical that a multinational agreement on trade should be complemented by a multinational agreement on investment. After
studying this report, the Commission found many very important details and many suggestions concerning our better work and cooperation in the future. I understand that there may be many people who would
have voted differently if they had known they had the choice of the three. Those parents who gave alcohol to their underage children, either for the sake of a bit of peace and quiet or because they were
oblivious of the consequences, came in for much criticism. The European Union may have begun its race towards levels of development already seen in America' s economy and businesses, but this, the real
Europe, will not become a reality until the convergence of national economies and internal economic and social cohesion are given top priority. One week ago my colleague, Mr Hahn, Commissioner responsible
for regional policy and the Solidarity Fund, visited the most hard-hit regions in France - La Rochelle and l'Aiguillon-sur-Mer - and met with national and regional authorities. (PL) Mr President, there
are naturally certain consequences of having one's speaking time restricted to just one minute. Here, we have to focus on creating opportunities, because much of this work is, in any case, being done by
women, but without proper remuneration and without the opportunity to accumulate rights, including pension rights for their old age. If we limit ourselves to fine words, the conclusion will have to be that
there has not been the political will. The latter two organisations should be given priority when it comes to election monitoring and the protection of human rights within Europe. That is the entire challenge
of the EU 2020 strategy and of the priority objectives which we will earmark for the EU Structural Funds for the period 2014-2020. Overall, I believe we are on track. We support human rights - also mentioned
by Mr Sarkozy - but we oppose the double standards whereby the European Union's institutions turn a blind eye to the violations of the rights of Russian speakers in the Baltic States. That means that the
consultation and service capacities have to be expanded to make it easier to identify potential assistance areas. However, I would like to take issue with Mrs Wemheuer on one point. That is the major problem. However
we should not confuse the idea of aid effectiveness with value for money. To do this, however, we need to have a clear idea of the outcome of the series of tests on the central system. In my view, it contains
no definite proposal on guaranteed freedom of speech, and I believe that Mrs Lööw agrees with me on this. It is an error on my part and I can only apologise for it. We have also always maintained that we
should, as far as possible, safeguard the disaster reserve and make use instead of the flexibility instrument. Nevertheless a threshold other than that included in Amendment No 26 relating to production
of over 170 nitrates per hectare, must be added, since this is in accordance with the nitrate directive. As a Member of the European Parliament I am fed up with being constantly criticised and attacked
about our allowances, travel expenses and other such matters. The remainder represented democratic systems. How could the European Parliament deal with discharge as regards such a transfer of funds? We built
the European institutions - and even after Lisbon there is still a rotating Presidency - so that the different potentials of Member States can be evened out by Union policy, but for this we need strong
institutions. We in the EU, which I view with scepticism, must also be able to see that activities must be economically viable. For example, management and labour in a business can, through agreements, arrive
at a special made-to-measure arrangement on information and consultation for that business. Notification of the data-protection authorities will be mandatory in future whenever any authority searches for
anyone's personal data. The housing of calves in individual pens must be curbed. Both the Commission and Mr Kittelmann draw attention to the disastrous consequences of the break-up of the Soviet Union for
the former Soviet republics. We have laws which prohibit freedom of thought, freedom to write, so how dare we pursue in Jordan, living in a state of war, something we are unable to enforce at home, where
we have an intolerable thought police. It has to ratify this agreement and if consent is refused, there is simply no agreement at all. Ladies and gentlemen, I expect you have all realized that I am a lucky
Vice-President. This is rightly a matter for Member States. I would like to expressly draw attention to the fact that the Turkish Human Rights Association enjoys the Commission's active support, having,
in the period from 1992 to 1999, had funds to a total of EUR 309 000 made available to it. In Europe, we will be exposed if the EU continues to follow a different path, remaining alone and worsening the
plight of companies. During wars and armed conflicts and during the reconstruction following conflicts, women are subjected to violence to a greater extent, both as individuals and collectively. The Commission
is going to draw on the work of the Consultative Committee for cooperatives, mutual societies, associations and foundations established by the Commission on 13 March this year. The Commission's revision
proposals must not be restricted to concentration. The second, which is perhaps even more important, is finally to recognise the National Council of Resistance of Iran as the representative of democratic
Iran, and this is where we should place our hopes for peaceful change. I will familiarise you with a small part of this, which took place over four days in April 1876, through the words written at the time
by an American journalist by the name of MacGahan: The rescue of LTCM, which entailed neither penalties nor consequences for the fund managers, avoided a chain reaction, but who can guarantee that similar
events will not happen again, this time on a scale that will make any rescue impossible? We should be prepared to strengthen our sanctions to encourage the SPDC to relinquish its grip on power and fully
respect the results of the last elections. Mr President, Commissioner, this morning on French national radio, I heard that liberalisation of the French postal service was now only a matter of days or hours
away and that it was irreparable, like the developments with our neighbours in Sweden, the Netherlands and Germany. The Commission accepts that the only two ways to support the market - private storage
and refunds - are insufficient to stave off the crisis, and yet it makes this timid and ineffectual proposal. This is, of course, part of what we have to do from now on. Furthermore, in Northern Ireland
I witnessed the importance of interreligious dialogue in the neighbourhoods: in Belfast there are many initiatives at the grass-root level that bring together people from different political and religious
backgrounds, some of them living next to each other but partitioned by the so-called 'peace lines'. A challenge such as that faced by this sector requires solutions that, in trying to improve the situation,
do not make matters worse. I very much hope that we can adopt this report tomorrow. Frankly, in my view, it is shameful that EU Member States sent delegations to Durban II, knowing full well that President
Ahmadinejad would be present and come out with these outrageous comments. Advertising campaigns, information exchange programmes, and, obviously, research into violence will be important tools in reducing
the incidence of violence. I am still convinced that the possibility of enhanced cooperation will nevertheless have to remain open, by being compatible with the Union's objectives, and by respecting the
Community's achievements and the single institutional framework. The ILO Convention that is being discussed this evening offers us the opportunity to make that choice. In general, Mr Perry, I can tell you
that we have the greatest intention to respect Parliament's wishes. We cannot therefore afford to make concessions in this area; the whole issue must continue to be dealt with at regional and local level. That
is why I should like to call on the Commission and the House to pay particular attention to this question. Parliament and the Commission are endeavouring to eliminate the deficit in terms of the remaining
restrictions on freedom of movement, but we hear that, behind the backs of Parliament and the Commission, the Council under its present Irish presidency is planning a draft joint action, in other words
a joint measure on the basis of Article K.4 of the Treaty, which means that neither the Commission nor Parliament are involved in it. Only one of the two corridors planned between the Gaza Strip and the
West Bank has in fact been opened. The Energy Green Paper currently being debated in Parliament should serve as a suitable starting point for formulating such a policy. For us, 'common' means above all,
and I am saying this deliberately now, that we must not have, or even give the impression of having, a board of directors issuing instructions and determining policy. I believe that it is important for
Member States to devise specific strategies and initiate concrete actions for developing tourism in coastal regions, taking into account the special nature of the surrounding environment and with a view
to protecting it. Therefore, if I reject certain amendments, it is to prevent them from hindering some of the core priorities of the new text. It specifies the administrative and civil sanctions that, directly
affecting any illegal economic activity, have direct consequences on prohibiting counterfeiting. So to everybody, I thank you and wish you all fun and games and lots of sport for Christmas. I would just
like to make a few comments, after reading the draft opinion and after listening to the speakers on behalf of the various groups. &#160;&#160; Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to thank
you all warmly for your remarks, but I should like to add something. (A5-0244/2002) by Mrs Ayuso González - on behalf of the Committee on Industry, External Trade, Research and Energy - on the promotion
of the use of biofuels for transport [COM(2001)547 - C5-0684/2001 - 2001/0265(COD)] This is the increasing tendency not to prioritise sexual and reproductive health and rights policies in programmes because
of sensitivities to abortion. That is precisely why the Committee on Petitions and the European Ombudsman have become the refuge of those who believe that they have been wronged or who, as civic-minded
citizens, are trying to do something about infringements, injustice or the destruction of the environment. This sector traditionally includes exports from the EU to countries outside the OECD, exports which
do not really pose any environmental problems. We need to act quickly to put this right, so that the remaining small farms, which have always produced food of a very high quality, once again receive an
income guaranteeing their economic existence. Indeed, the three subjects we are talking about today are closely linked. Mr President, the vote in Sweden is a clear illustration of the political and economic
situation in which, with three wealthy countries like Great Britain, Sweden and Denmark outside the euro, we are preparing to launch the European Constitution. Furthermore, just to be perfectly clear: more
cabotage can lead to more efficient road transport, which is good for both the economy and the environment, and must by all means be encouraged, therefore. Another puzzling aspect is the fast-track procedure
used to introduce vaccines against H1N1, which had not been sufficiently tested and examined, to the market. I really welcome that and the linking of landings, and all the difficulties with trans-shipment. It
must be clear that we cannot hold the accession countries hostage to problems we face in one Member State or another. Finally, I would like to thank everyone who has helped in the preparation of this report,
namely the shadow rapporteurs, first of all in ITRE, and then the rapporteurs and their groups who have drafted their opinions. (Requests by the Verts/ALE Group for the text of Amendments 1 and 2 to be
moved) We need specific legislative proposals about how, four years after the completion of the internal market, traffic should be regulated from the social point of view. Nuclear energy is not a renewable
energy, which is why I would ask for it to be dealt with in a separate report. What is needed regarding transfer fees is a healthy dose of pragmatism and common sense. Lastly, I would like to remind the
ultra-liberals that not only is development aid compatible with free trade, but that it requires it, except when free trade is understood to be solely based upon cynical and even cruel inequalities. Specifically
over recent days we have witnessed a good example of democratic maturity in Chile, where the opposition candidate has sportingly acknowledged his defeat and made a point of personally congratulating the
President-elect. Rather, it is in the running for the title of world' s largest folly, for it is designed to give the world' s largest trading block a single currency built upon a foundation which, until
the introduction of this currency, it had only been possible to hold in place for a period of five post-war years in Germany. By way of contrast with the aforementioned undisputed successes of the Irish&#160;Presidency,
concerns have been expressed regarding the compromise over the draft Constitutional&#160;Treaty. The Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe moved that the debate on the statements of
the Council and Commission on the situation in Pakistan following the assassination of Benazir Bhutto be concluded with the submission of motions for a resolution. What we need are men and women who are
in positions of leadership in Europe - be it in the Member States or in the European institutions - and who openly affirm their commitment to this project, and that, Mr Ahern, is why I have to start by
thanking you for being here. The effort to survive in many cases involves the committing of infringements - which in most cases go unpunished - of which the Member States, which are responsible for the
controls, are aware - and of which the Commission is almost always aware, justifying its failure to act by alleging, rightfully, that it has no powers as regards control. The UN is a key partner here. Both
Palestinians and Israelis will, in fact, be left on both sides of the dividing line, many Palestinians will be subjected to great humanitarian suffering and some of the settlements will be left on the
other side of the wall. In the Lamassoure report, we are defending the competences allocated to the EU. It is our duty, because we have a duty to remember, because it is the very justification for our existence,
because we are essentially a democratic body which defends human rights, to give everyone a chance and to stop the European Union becoming a 'Fortress Europe' which is closed to the rest of the world. This
is particularly worrying and this concern must be set out in a joint resolution. (SK) Madam President, I would like to support the submitted bill, which amends and adds to the directive from 2001 on preventing
counterfeit medicines from entering the legal supply chain. in writing. - I voted for this resolution, which condemns the fact that, in Russia, independent journalists, civil society activists, lawyers
and human rights defenders have often been the victims of threats and acts of violence and in addition that the anti-extremist legislation and the new provisions of the law on the Federal Security Service
(FSB) are unclear and, as a result, are often used to harass NGOs, religious minorities and media organisations. In addition, it is also possible to phase in more stringent specifications earlier and, as
we have just heard, there are already plans to do so. The red tape of restrictions and regulations hits them full force. The second involves professionalising our communications. Thank you, Mrs McCarthy. On
this basis, I propose a series of amendments to the agenda for today and tomorrow which appear in a corrigendum that has been distributed to you; that will save me from having to read a long list of amendments. Such
a situation would clearly be unacceptable. We must adopt them as a matter of urgency. I would like to know in what capacity Mrs Schreyer is present. They are now the second largest force in the Assembly. Combating
poverty in the context of the Millennium Development Goals is a key objective of the Commission's development policy and is something that guides the Commission in all its initiatives in this area. For
that we need a united Europe. The report before you sets out a useful strategy for creating lead supervisory practices in the EU. I am struck, in particular, by how strongly the theme of genuine partnership
shines through; how the EU/ACP Joint Parliamentary Assembly is a unique relationship in modern political life and - imperfect as it is - it can stand as a model for new and innovative relations between
North and South, which are perhaps today needed more urgently than ever before to build a more peaceful and sustainable world. The industry has not in fact provided the relevant information to Member States
and it is my belief that the establishment of a law to enable Member States to request the tobacco industry and individual companies to provide this information is the first necessary step. We are also
sceptical in principle about the idea that the parties in the labour market should be liable to report to the Commission, as stated in paragraph 21, in an area which falls under EU law. We shall have to
check that the Union's revenue is going to be used efficiently and for its intended purpose within the framework of our budgetary law, the financial regulation and the commitments entered into. Furthermore,
the demands for information that service providers must make available correspond very closely to Parliament's demands, and this and other things mean I am quite prepared, on behalf of my group, to appeal
to Parliament not to commence legislative conciliation regarding this matter but adopt this common position, which in many respects is very satisfactory. They are neither Christian Democrat nor Socialist. It
was never formally adopted by the Commission, yet it shows clearly how it is national legislation as well as our own legislation that creates problems. How can I explain to the highly skilled workers in
the New Man factory in Luçon who are now unemployed that in 1994 the textile agreement between the European Union and China decided on an increase in the volume of Chinese textile exports to Europe without
China being forced to lower its customs duties which, in this sector, amount to between 70 and 100 %? This must not happen because European consumers do not want such a limitation on their right to choose
as well as for reasons of public health. This would not have been possible without the constructive and responsible role played by the European Parliament and the Council throughout the negotiations. European
cultural heritage is a major part of our Union's wealth and I am therefore grateful to the three institutions for the efforts made so far to safeguard and promote it. I am therefore pleased that we are
attempting, in three ways, to create the conditions to make us credible. We also support a dual legal base of Articles 152 and 95 to make sure health issues, rather than internal market concerns, are the
priority. People today do not want to go to Malta in order to remain there; people pass through and stop in Malta merely to take refuge. (SV) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, Friday is World Refugee Day,
when attention will be focused on the situation of refugees across the world. Might not voting time quite simply be begun at 12.30 p.m., as announced? Portugal and Portugal Telecom - and it is impossible
in many respects to determine whether the latter is the original or copy of other telecom services - appear, in this process and in this monitoring report, to be in a rather unsatisfactory situation from
the point of view of social balance and justice. Let us cheer! I am pleased that it moves in this direction, that it stresses the coordination elements which the Commissioner has mentioned, that it maintains
the open coordination method, and I hope that this is the beginning of a broader consideration, so that it may also reach other elements of our society. Is it not true that we are trying, now that the horse
has bolted, to find a way to stop the whole of China coming here? A change in status from student to immigrant worker is of course possible, but is outside the scope of the directive in question. Finally,
I would call on self-employed workers associations to regard it as their binding obligation to fight for the social situation of the spouses of their respective partners. The Commissioner is obviously overlooking
the fact that there are not only couples who cannot marry, but also those who do not wish to. But to enlarge our Union is also to wonder about the impact of enlargement. To put it plainly, the three points
left over from Amsterdam in no way represent an adequate agenda. In this context, the Commission shares the concerns expressed by the rapporteur. There are many reasons for this, certainly some individual,
but also some political ones. The patriarchal structure of the family orders the raping and beating of women. At European level, as has been said, plans are being made to deal with the consequences of the
candidate countries' accession, but in a way that does not damage the industry in regions which are behind in economic terms, and which are currently experiencing difficulties. However, either way, Europe
will need to take an ordered approach to the developments outlined and to formulate a common position which will consolidate its credibility and allow it to play a fundamental role. It deprives independent
repair companies of the opportunity to choose their own suppliers, and it deprives the consumer of the opportunity or advantage of the downward pressure on prices that can normally be taken for granted
when a competitive market is operating properly. As far as the foreign-policy budget is concerned, we face another significant challenge in 2005. On the other hand and also quite rightly, it is a budget
based on transferring resources between sectors, from 97 % of the population to 3 % of the Community's agricultural population. I thought Mr&#160;Karim’s speech in particular illustrated the growth of activity,
public opinion and consciousness. This is particularly true in economic terms of course, but also socially, in relation to education, women's rights and the most vulnerable populations. We acknowledge the
need to defend consumer rights in the EU Internal Market, particularly those of the most vulnerable. My constituents in the East of England do not want a Constitution, they do not want the Treaty of Lisbon
and they certainly do not want a state called Europe. If I follow the logic of Mr Schulz and he is defeated, and the Wuermeling report thus becomes the first item on the agenda, that would completely upset
the rhythm of the work planned for today. Very often we explain them in terms of rights and responsibilities, the freedoms and rights of the single market and the social and legal responsibilities which
are fundamental to its fair achievement. Subject: Common Consolidated Corporate Tax Base (CCCTB) I am referring here to the proposal which the government in my country made to the IGC. The next item is the
joint debate on the following motions for resolutions on the bomb attacks in Mumbai: With a sum of EUR&#160;864&#160;billion, or 1.05% of the gross domestic product of the 25 Member States, the financial
perspective is not equal to Europe's historic enlargement to incorporate ten new Member States, or the challenges awaiting it for the future. We therefore have to enable researchers to continue their work
and avoid a monopoly coming into conflict with the legitimate interests of different research groups which exchange information, products and strains at a global level according to a code of ethics which
they have freely applied to themselves and which has been proven. Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, we are aware of the structural causes of the crisis in the automotive sector and its subcontractors. But
when we read, in connection with the MEDA programme, or PHARE and TACIS, of rates of growth beyond the wildest dreams of those engaged in development policy, we are bound to ask why we should celebrate
the fact that the European Union's competences include the promotion of development cooperation, if it only has our half-hearted support. At all events, we wish to make quite considerable progress, and
we hope that, given a new impetus, it proves possible for the Finnish Presidency to successfully conclude this dossier, or at least to continue the negotiations, on the basis of our work. In political terms,
I find it unreasonable that Parliament, which does not have the right to give its assent to the draft treaty, because it is denied that right by the Member States' governments, should now feel obliged
to recommend the ratification of such an inadequate treaty. Furthermore, the Commission will play a decisive role in coordinating between Member States in any crisis situation through the auspices of the
Gas Coordination Group. There should not be employment in some countries with little social protection and unemployment in countries with a high level of social protection. This is a start. Although the decision
on the European Capital of Culture for the years 2007 to 2019 applies only to the EU Member States, I agree with the resolution's call to award the title of European Capital of Culture exceptionally to
Sarajevo in 2014. Mr Watson, you mention Bin Laden and 9/11 as being the justification paving the way for the adoption of the European Arrest Warrant. This relates to the provision of resources for which
we are 50 % dependent and if we simply had to buy 50 % of the fish which is needed for our consumption, we would pay anyway. All the more reason for abandoning these WTO rules. There is also a small group
of hooligans which has been operating for a while and which clearly aims to spoil this kind of festival. It is not acceptable for a control committee to be regarded simply as a sort of add-on committee,
because that is not professional. These are the points which I feel are particularly important if we are to find a solution to a problem that is sweeping through our entire industrial society. However, and
here I come to my request, we still need to up our efforts in terms of communication. It also conveys our values. This chapter of disasters is certainly not coincidental, it is the human price we pay for
basing our goods transport system on HGV transport and pursuing the maximum profit, which creates terrible risks. I respect your disagreement, but I do not think that I am wrong. in writing. - I support
this Commission proposal for a decision of the European Parliament and of the Council on the mobilisation of the EU Solidarity Fund. I am here to represent the Presidency of the Council of the entire European
Union, as you very well know. With this regulation, the competent court of law and applicable law are determined in accordance with the State in which the debtor has the centre of his main interests. One
point was particularly important to me: if we go to our citizens with nothing to say other than 'we have increased automaticity', as the newspapers are putting it, they will be left with the impression
that some mysterious machine has been turned on in Brussels and will rap them on the knuckles whenever something goes wrong. Despite the situation in Europe, meat, certain cereals, fruits and vegetables
are all affected. If the same yardsticks are applied to all these borrowers, the system of evaluation will become more expensive, or the banks will be hindered from giving credit. In any event, Canada is
fighting to secure free trade and a liberalised system of investments under this agreement for oil mined from tar sands. In a recent referendum, it was decided that it should not be changed. As rapporteur
on the VIS, I achieved a general ban on transfers to third countries from the VIS database, and I want to know if that is threatened in any way. We are not able to access the recycling markets easily and
the expense involved is considerable for us. This is something we already referred to in the 1993 report. This could provide the Portuguese Government with a good second chance to act upon this Parliament’s
resolution and to demonstrate that it does not want to deny its citizens the right to information. Finally, the execution of the programme will also depend on the proper functioning of DG XXIII. (IT) Madam
President, ladies and gentlemen, Commissioner Špidla, I am extremely worried by the recent events in Italy. Youth unemployment is far too high, but protecting our citizens does not mean that we have to
protect uncompetitive jobs. These historic lows have already triggered the intervention safety net in Germany and the Netherlands. Each Member State will be able to organise its own national system as it
sees fit, for example by choosing whether to have one or more competent authorities. Does the Council intend to take greater account in future of Parliament=s presence in Strasbourg each month, particularly
since it is the Council that has obliged Parliament to meet there? Madam President, cohesion policy in all its forms is meant to be the engine of equality, and it has had many successes. Four years on from
the Lisbon Summit, I note that little progress has been made. Demand for it is actually rising faster than the overall demand for energy. The Member States themselves will need to drastically reduce their
emission of CO2 and other greenhouse gases by focusing on renewable energy, public transport and reducing traffic levels. The prospects for the draft Constitutional Treaty have not become any brighter. I
am also thinking of its large neighbour, Iran, which cannot remain unaffected by the situation in Iraq. I know that there are some celebrations in Madrid today, but little else. Can I therefore ask if the
Commission agrees that a Eurobarometer survey shows that 75% of Europeans favour basic research aimed at new technologies which help knowledge to progress? To guarantee the existence of sustainable cultivation
practices we should nevertheless draw up a set of clear environmental criteria so that, for example, using the same cultivated area later on for food production does not pose a risk. We move on to the fishermen
who were greatly concerned by the application of this directive to their working life because they felt they would not be able to operate properly within that system. I do not know whether that is the civil
society to which you are referring, but I am somewhat fearful because, as Mr Swoboda said, although, today, you have delivered a very pro-Parliament speech, the text itself contains very few references
to Parliament. Firstly, in relation to the issue at the heart of a number of contributions – whether we are looking backwards or forwards – it is the Irish presidency's humble task to accomplish the outstanding
agenda items as far as it can. Another reason why I have done so now is that a former President of the European Parliament, Simone Veil, who will be presented with a distinguished award in Spain on Wednesday,
has asked me personally to deliver the laudatio. We must find a solution, a way to break the deadlock. Even before 11 September, there was every reason to search for possibilities to stop and reverse this
expansion. The Committee on Development and Cooperation has endeavoured to bring about a long-term solution which measures up to the significance of this cooperation. Paragraph 15 of the resolution very
clearly indicates that the new financing of the European Union must be such that a continued solidarity and cohesion remain the key words. Although many people have expressed their disgust, I do not know
how we are going to go back to the electorate and justify that basically things are remaining the same. It is very important that these are addressed properly. An amendment of this article might negate a
fundamental principle of the functioning of the EU, in other words solidarity, and this might lead to a loss of solidarity. Mr President, with respect to my colleague, it is actually not satisfactory because
as he knows - and if he spent as much time in the Human Rights Subcommittee as I do, he would - it is in committees that we actually get a chance to have more than one say and more than one minute, and
then we actually get a direct response. If the labelling of these products results only in their being rejected, we will certainly not be able to catch up on the rest of the world. The dialogue should therefore
include measures to support the entry of young people onto the job market, enabling the full development of their potential. Smokers or those considering smoking must know the full risks of their choice. I
shall invest it and, if it disappears, that is your bad luck'. Question No 42 by Esko Seppänen (H-0858/98) However, it annoyed me when I heard today that the Commission is now saying that it only wishes
to discuss the interim report with Parliament on an informal basis. It will improve the social acceptance of temporary agency work and will make it more attractive. I commend the resolution unamended to
the House. Should that endeavour not be successful, and should the government in Khartoum continue to refuse to countenance the presence of UN peacekeepers on its territory, then it would be appropriate
to further increase the logistical and material support provided to the African Union mission to Sudan. May I add that preventing crime should not mean more - and only more - coercive measures. We stress
the need for further efforts to put an end to the activity of local and foreign armed groups in the east of the DRC. The European agricultural model should genuinely make us stand out in the world and be
an example to it. Mr President, I should like to begin by congratulating Mrs Díez de Rivera Icaza. In my homeland, the long-term vision of the environmental movement is an agriculture free of chemicals. Some
EU Member States will be proactive in acknowledging the rights of their citizens with disabilities. International and Black Sea regional organisations will also participate and we look forward to discussions
that would welcome and endorse increased EU support to Black Sea regional cooperation and determine the priority areas for coordinated action. In this regard, and from the point of view of the budget, I
will just say that if you look at the budgetary payments and compare them with the votes of the Member States in the Council, the voting procedure will perhaps not appear so confused. It regards the new
criteria for future lawmaking as decisive in setting our direction for the future, and as making it possible to really cut back bureaucracy and take the burden off businesses and the authorities in the
Member States. Let them also tackle the problems of banking secrecy and tax havens which provide cover for money laundering. Social policy considerations should not be used as a pretext for further integration
within what are separate areas of cooperation. We fail to understand how the current situation can be preferable to the alternative proposal of 'voluntary modulation'. Mr President, this report presented
me with something of a dilemma. The requirement for very large cultivated areas, even in island regions, is a typical example. The Greens believe the final compromise allows Member States to establish a
reasonable system of prior authorisation for the reimbursement of treatment costs, with MEPs succeeding in limiting the list of reasons for which a patient can be refused cross-border treatment. We have
secured Annex III. I am thinking in particular of inland navigation, which could really do with a push in the direction of environmentally sound technology. There are also clear provisions concerning the
procedures to be followed when one Member leaves the Commission and is replaced by another, and indeed there were long drawnout negotiations on this point. A Frenchman who is not familiar with the obligation
to notify a fault in his own country, buys a product in Germany and for reasons of time or distance does not report the defect in time and tells the truth out of ignorance, forfeits all his rights. In fact,
the difference in prices between the beginning and the end of the food supply chain can be as high as a one to five ratio and, even if the liberals still refuse to admit it, the problems of the market
need tackling to ensure reasonable prices for consumers and decent revenues for farmers. Question No 49 by Ian White (H-0494/97): What is a charter? That is my personal position. Nor would it be responsible
for failure in this case. It is the perfect response to the various issues now affecting our fellow citizens in the form of new information and communication technologies. Ladies and gentlemen, as acting
President all I can do is to state that this House decides by majority vote. They must match the spare part produced by the manufacturer: in looks they must be identical. There are few guidelines to be followed
for the reforms that are necessary, the first certainly being the need to raise the retirement age limit. I would like once again to thank all who helped in this conciliation process. Since flying is in
any case generally not an option for people on average incomes, a hefty tax surplus would be a quite appropriate way of benefiting the climate. It is regrettable that there are Member States whose political
leaders consider themselves to be strong supporters of the European idea but at the same time will not give an inch when their national interests are at stake. I am grateful to the rapporteurs for having
worked out some very definite measures, albeit in amidst all this fog, particularly to Mrs Frassoni for her report with its concrete proposals for improved monitoring of the process of transposing Community
law, for speedier infringement proceedings and greater transparency for those citizens who bring complaints. In fact, this morning, during the forty winks which I have already mentioned, I saw myself having
dinner with Mrs Diamantopoulou, who has thus far not taken up the invitation I extended to her. As has already been emphasized in this debate, everyone is aware of the difficulty of combatting organized
crime, which takes advantage of the free movement of goods, capital, persons and services, as well as technological innovations. I wanted to say that I am quite prepared to remove the addition of our Amendment
No 19, but could we vote separately on the words Amendment No 19 was aiming to delete, in other words, the sixth indent of paragraph 8A - ' the possible incorporation of the EDF into the community budget'
? I am well aware that other views are being taken in public, sometimes even by the majority. Europe must become more self-sufficient in energy - not by useless wind power, nor by biofuels. Additionally,
the abuse of the Internet to promote pornography, including child pornography, must be investigated and action taken. The criticism which has been expressed, namely that there is no comparative assessment
of the performance of previous measures in terms of cost per job created, is sadly justified. I believe now is the right time for us to think back once again to a proposal put forward in this Chamber by
a former fellow MEP of ours, Tom Spencer. Support for the activities of the Regional Centre for Cooperation is particularly important, which is successfully continuing and upholding the policies and principles
of the Stability Pact for turning the Western Balkans region into an area of security and stability. If you want a reason for that, you only have to look at the material she had to work with, for the Commission’s
draft is opaque and scarcely comprehensible, the precise opposite of ‘better regulation’. in writing. - (HU) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, we all agree on the necessity of amending the Schengen Borders
Code so that its provisions are consistent with the stipulations of the Visa Information System. My question, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, is whether or not the issues that are to be addressed
at the European Councils will be referred at this historic moment to the competent institution, which is the Convention chaired by Mr Giscard d'Estaing? &#160;&#160; Mr President, last week, we had an excellent
Parliament for the Disabled. I believe that, just as other nations have their sensitivities, the Polish soul likes to complain. As the rapporteur has noted, the proposal relating to temporary protection
is still broadly the same as before. If, after many years of effort to achieve a high degree of consumer protection, also with regard to product safety, we are still sometimes confronted with situations
in which non-compliant goods are produced, imported and introduced onto the market, that is of course not an ideal situation. The effects will reach into a wide-range of industries - not only agriculture,
but road haulage, construction and many other areas. In the end, the regulation is to apply to all regular national or cross-border services, provided that the scheduled distance travelled is equal to or
greater than 250 km ('long distance'). Not because we are afraid of being forced to do so. Quite the contrary, immigrants must be given equal rights and treated as citizens in their own right. You have not
delivered on your promises and will not be able to do so without more staff. Secondly, the Commission was given a comprehensive negotiation mandate on a whole series of issues, some of which come under
Community jurisdiction, but others, such as services or investment, which are clearly in the remit of national authorities. Let me first stress that currently, as we speak, there is an intense debate ongoing
in Iceland on its relations with the EU, including the issue of European Union membership. Can we not therefore build on that position rather than try to take extreme positions in this particular debate? While
the whole report makes a big hoo-ha about not discriminating against people, this amendment advocates discrimination on grounds of non-politically correct beliefs - but then, at the end of the day, this
is what a great many other aspects of this report set out to do. This could mean improving current budgetary processes. I think that this cannot be repeated enough. Specifically, France led the proposal on
the part of four African countries at the WTO ministerial conference in Cancún to remove aid for cotton and has subsequently presented a European initiative on cotton which attempts to promote a Commission-led
action programme in favour of the African cotton-growing economies and, at the same time, includes a reference urging reform of the system of aid for cotton, partially decoupling it from production. This
requires a large contribution from public funds. He has been very constructive. This is an area which has already been seriously affected on a number of occasions since the beginning of the twentieth century. I
believe that this is a key issue that I want to pass on to Mr Sterckx, who will no doubt be aware of it. The first is on the question of combining a response to immediate priorities with long-term reconstruction
and our staying power. Who has not seen the open wounds in the landscape caused by the quarries that supply us with such valuable materials? This means that each airspace block can end up with a different
company, although in the long run, a near-monopoly is bound to emerge and will control the lion's share of the airspace. We should be aware, however, that this disaster could be repeated any day, Commissioner,
because for years it has been the same old story. If there is a consensus on this and the Council also says so clearly, this will send out a clear signal, the right signal. We now have to make the best of
a bad job. Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, although the outermost regions were fully acknowledged in Article 299(2) of the Treaty of Amsterdam, we are still awaiting the first far-reaching
measures. Right now we need to make urgent decisions in order to overcome the economic crisis. Focusing on an 'all or nothing' approach is no longer possible. Under the EU Constitution the Union will be militarised
to an astonishing degree, even though no EU Constitution yet exists nor will ever exist in the form which was rejected by the people of France and the Netherlands. I believe that, from this point of view,
there is broad agreement among the institutions. To conclude, this joint proposal is acceptable to our group. There is not really any sign that they did so. I would also like to thank the Culture Committee
for having requested that a budget heading be set up for the creation of a European Observatory or an equivalent structure. As the only explanation, the Commission continues to rely on the vague concept
of lack of confidence. That is all well and good, but actually I would like to quote Jean-Yves Jason, mayor of Port-au-Prince, who, in February, used the word 'disaster', not to refer to the consequences
of the earthquake, but to describe the complete and utter disorganisation of the humanitarian work that followed. The question of terminal dues for cross-border mail has not been resolved in the postal
services directive. However, first of all specifications should be drafted on the use of these modes, such as information on journeys by various types of transport, the provision of traffic services, information
on safe and secure parking places for trucks and commercial vehicles and the harmonised introduction of eCall throughout Europe. The Member is also wrong when she chooses to ignore the reality that the
Commission is conducting negotiations with the US authorities. &#160;&#160; The delegation chose to vote against paragraph 25. This corresponds to the time which can be monitored and appears more reasonable
than a period of four months during which abuses will be easy to perpetrate. As there are no more items on the agenda, I shall adjourn the session for fifteen minutes before the vote. Mr President, for many
years now thousands of people from North African countries have been trying, by taking risks that are well known, to cross the Mediterranean and gain a foothold in our continent. Were they not supposed
to be gone? This programme will help reduce the imbalances in health care that exist from one EU country to another, so that every country enjoys a higher level of services. The situation is a little more
confused in some other Member States, and the remainder still maintain that rule. The Commission cannot find EUR 2.4 billion, from the hundreds of billions that it intends spending, not always usefully,
by 2013? That is something for which I should very much like to convey my thanks here in this House and, if this is to be the pattern for the future, then it is really something we can build further upon. Both
India and Pakistan have indicated that the Line of Control could become a 'soft border'. The technology and expertise that is available should be used for something constructive in society, something that
will benefit people rather than something that is going to annihilate and destroy people. That is very important, because this Parliament believes that the European Union is a political project, and we
do not want the British Presidency to make any mistake about that. - After the vote on paragraph 184 The failure - or, at least, the relative failure - of the Charter for Peace and Stability proves that
it is not possible to achieve Europe' s "security" on the basis of marginalising the South and closing borders. A sense of community and a sense of being 'us' are necessary conditions for our shared future. Intergovernmental
cooperation on these is simply not working. The retention period for data has also been mentioned. The treaties have been revised, new managerial tasks have been attributed by this Parliament and by the
Council to the Commission, and many other changes of great significance have occurred in our Union, in our continent and in the world. I shall reply briefly to Mr Rübig on two topics. The CoR is, of course,
the voice of regions but it also delivers many EU programmes. Some people will think that we have gone too far and others that we have not gone far enough. in writing. - (RO) I come from Romania where a
high proportion of the population live in the countryside. It is, however, one of the ways, and of course others are possible including the kind mentioned by you. The only way to do it consistently is via
the opening-up of legacy networks, which have hitherto been financed under monopoly conditions. A modification of this kind would involve a radical change in the actual philosophy of this organization of
markets and the end, as I said just now, of this activity in some regions of the Community. Fourthly, Albania needs a constitution, particularly for important investment projects. (SK) We are dealing with
the problem of ethnic minorities, but this means primarily the Hungarian ethnic minority, Mr Tabajdi. We also wish to have a solid basis for cooperation with the NGOs. Our citizens must know that they will
receive the same treatment from authorities and enjoy the same rights under the law, whichever country they are in and wherever they are exercising their democratic rights. But we regard the Molitor report
only as a start. That country is Belarus. Mr President, we in the Socialist group warmly welcome this resolution, even though we feel that it could have been a little stricter. Yet we are, and we could become,
human resources: influential mediators between north and south at this historic time. I shall start with the immediate challenges and the crisis response. in writing. - The Fine Gael members of the PPE-DE
Group, Mairead McGuinness, Avril Doyle, Gay Mitchell and Colm Burke abstained in the final vote on the Lynne report on 'Progress made on equal opportunities and non-discrimination in the EU'. I consider
the argumentation of Mrs Schreyer to be somewhat cynical when you consider that, only a few days later, she announced that the additional financial requirement of EUR 300 million for the EU Balkan commitment,
which is undoubtedly important, would be covered by EUR 300 million from the agriculture budget without the farmers noticing it, and this includes forest owners. The EU must get more engaged in the search
for a political solution and it should press for mutual respect. Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, now that the hardline right- and left wingers have paid tribute to each other - you obviously have
to be hardline to be a member of the Committee on Civil Liberties and Internal Affairs and I am very glad to be a member of the Committee on Institutional Affairs and able to do without this attribute,
which I find very dubious - I would merely like to remind the members of the Committee on Internal Affairs that they are also members of the Committee on Civil Liberties, which is something which is frequently
forgotten. This is something that causes anxiety, particularly among farmers. I am convinced that we can do what needs to be done to ensure that the complete legislative framework is in place before the
end of the year. The Council of Europe has considerable experience in the field of language teaching and we are therefore fortunate to be able to join forces with them. So I think Members who have prepared
speeches should regard them as explanations of vote and the vote should be taken immediately after Commissioner Fischler has spoken. B5-0226/2001, by Mrs Maij-Weggen and Mr Posselt, on behalf of the Group
of the European People' s Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats, on the violence in Indonesia, especially in Kalimantan; There is agreement in the Commission, there is agreement in the Council,
as I understand it, and there will also be agreement in this Parliament. I should like to highlight the proposed amendment to Article 1 of the Commission’s draft decision, on the application of Article
86 of the Treaty establishing the European Community. We ought never to forget. I should like to thank my colleague Mr&#160;Dombrovskis, in particular, for taking the trouble to tackle the budgets of the
other institutions for 2006, because I think that 2006 will be a very important year as the financial negotiations with the Council unfold. It is then up to the Member States, too, to meet their responsibilities. One
such aspect is that of establishing the same monthly parliamentary allowance for all Members, whichever country they represent. Therefore, we should complete this study in time to include it in the application
report mentioned in Article 26. I note that the Commission is proposing a review in 2005 but I would urge that you also ask the Member States to make annual reports on achieving the targets in the White
Paper. There are of course obstacles to the acceptance of the latest group of rebels, for which we are calling, for what real motivation is there to accept them? Report (A5-0002/99) by Mrs Jackson, on behalf
of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Policy on the proposal for a European Parliament and Council recommendation (COM(1998)0772 - C4-0073/1999 - 1998/0358(COD) (former 1998/0358(SYN))
providing for minimum criteria for environmental inspections in the Member States Many people in the East were amenable to this, in the expectation of receiving great financial support and imminent wealth. That
is not on, believe me! The report discusses various methods of further developing the own resources system and resolving the problem of excessive budgetary imbalances. The European Union faces a task that
in a certain way it faced before the tragic war took place, namely to have a consistent and even-handed view of the basic questions of status relating to the peoples and states in the region. I am glad
that at last we are to have a common EU policy on air transport, because the current situation is absolutely idiotic and therefore needs a complete overhaul. All so that the cartel in the Swedish labour
market can continue to operate. For nearly a year now, European legislation has been broken under the pretext of fighting terrorism. That is why I am in favour of the report by my fellow Member, Brian Simpson,
on the implementation of a set of criteria for evaluating the content of these agreements. I am convinced this approach will remain valid in the future. The services directive, as proposed by the previous
Commission, was a noble and very innovative attempt to do something dramatic in this vital area. I note in passing that Directive 89/48/EEC marked an important turning point in Community policy on the free
movement of citizens holding a higher education qualification. The situation in Romania is also worth mentioning, where 110 cases per 100 000 inhabitants are recorded, against a European average of 39 cases
per 100 000. The first is to change the conventions so that they are better placed to tackle complex contemporary crises, for example by establishing the right to provide humanitarian aid to those in need. The
majority of SMEs does not invest in research and development. Joint Undertaking for the European air traffic management system (SESAR) (debate) It was therefore decided that, before reducing the limits once
again, it was first of all necessary to develop a new test cycle and bring the driving conditions for the noise test closer in line with real-life driving operations. I assume the Commissioner meant, if
we expected to be taken seriously. They must be given timely information about legislation and they should be able to rely on the fact that the process will take place in a transparent manner. This is why
it is necessary to have an instrument enabling us to respond quickly and flexibly. The Commission also produced a detailed written document before the discussion took place which led to a considerable improvement
in the dialogue. We are lagging behind in this field. That is our vision, our political goal and our hope. Ten years on, Spain is negotiating a plan with Morocco to tackle immigration and promote cooperation
with the countries of origin. It is also the case that the technical possibilities of improving its quality and the efficiency of its manufacture are far from having been exhausted. Our main guidelines are
achieving a strategic political partnership, strengthened cooperation, and a WTO-plus deal on the trade side. The United Kingdom promised when it left Burma in 1948 that this overwhelmingly Christian tribe
would have the right to self-determination. I well remember informal discussions with four Commissioners and a secretary-general, and also other discussions in the Commission, when I was repeatedly told
that there were legal reasons for our not having sight of the documents. My group would like to repeat that the failure to include the European Parliament, the civil society organisations that have so far
been affected, or even the national parliaments, gives rise to serious questions. This is about a practical solution: how can we solve the problems we have encountered? For example, as regards the definition
of 'vulnerable marine ecosystem', the report highlights the need to wait for an FAO (Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations) definition according to the 'best scientific information available',
bearing in mind the lack of in-depth scientific knowledge of these ecosystems. We have held discussions on this in my committee with stakeholders, we have had a series of discussions both with the President
and with the Secretary-General, followed by a public hearing, and we have also held discussions with staff representatives and with the advisory committee. If the richest EU Member States insist on imposing
their opinion on everyone else, the end result will be that the vision of a common Europe, based on solidarity, is shattered. Subject: Supreme Court injunction on financing any new projects because of the
EU's legal basis for granting aid Furthermore, in doing so we will be applying the same approach to that country as we do to China, Vietnam, Iran, Israel, Syria, Libya, Equatorial Guinea, Sudan and also
the United States and dozens of other countries in which we note very serious shortcomings, which in many cases are much more serious than those in Cuba, in terms of freedoms, human rights and the Rule
of Law, but with which we talk and cooperate precisely with a view to improving the things we do not like. In my country, for example, 500 euro are equivalent to a million lire, and the highest value note
in Europe corresponds to half a million lire, or 250 euro. Finally, I would like to thank all who have supported, and who continue to support, Estonia. Consequently it is only right to extend pensions in
the second pillar, i.e. company pensions, and private pension provisions. We need to continue focusing on democratization. Let me, however, highlight two issues that the Commission should address immediately
rather than in the mid-term. &#160;&#160; – Commissioner, at the meeting of Ministers for Agriculture on 19 July about this specific maize, only one Member State in three voted in favour, following which
the Commission decided that one in three wanted it. So I have a dilemma. A highly efficient, heavily armed organisation outside the legal authorities' official means of exercising power is obstructing the
normal functioning of the Lebanese state institutions and has so far also blocked a national political compromise. Up to 80% of mitigation and adaptation policies will happen at the regional and local level. It
was created out of the need to support the efforts of its beneficiary states to meet the convergence criteria defined as conditions for joining the single currency. The case law of the Court of Justice
has established that, subject to certain conditions, patients have the right to have the cost of healthcare received in other Member States assumed by the social security system in their own Member State. The
donors realised that this crisis was a real famine, affecting a third of the population of Niger, or 3.6&#160;million people, which is a huge number. The lesson we learnt from Iran was summed up by Mr Gorbachev:
'History will punish those who arrive too late.' Since we are putting forward proposals for self-diagnosis for petrol run cars, I cannot really see why we should not be able to introduce it for diesel cars,
though in this case over a longer period. Lastly, I should like to pay tribute to Mr Pitella’s efforts on behalf of the European Year of Workers’ Mobility; firstly in including it as a special annual event,
given that it could not be envisaged as a pilot project; and secondly given its importance and, objectively speaking, its effectiveness in meeting the aims of making the European economy competitive. It
was because of international pressure that the Togolese Government started to backtrack. Not the citizens of the Member States, because most of the rights in the Charter are worded so vaguely that any interested
party, the institutions included, can interpret it at will. It is with that in mind that I hope that we will all, tomorrow, confirm the committee’s vote, and would ask you to reject all the amendments that
have now been tabled. We should not build a service which preserves the old national competition or the present bureaucratic structure. Raise your card in time and only for questions that take half a minute;
answers must not exceed one minute. (ES) Mr President, I was in my office when I was made to leave by officials of this Parliament who told me that there was a fire drill. On the one hand, we must show solidarity
to those who are losing their jobs, while on the other hand, we must help them return to the labour market. Maternity must not be viewed as a problem for employers and for the economy. For years, they have
frequently resorted to military force. Fortunately, though, the overwhelming majority of people takes a different view, not only in Germany and the EU, but also around the world – something that the people
of Beslan have shown by their outstanding example. There are some who do not even know anything about the problem at all. I was very curious to hear the response by the minister responsible, but none was
forthcoming. The Commission cannot accept amendments 1, 7, 9, 15 or 16. I would like you to give me, and Luxembourg's consumers, a clear answer. The likely accession of these countries will provide all Europe
with a unique opportunity to work together for a peaceful and secure future. On the basis of the methods and procedures that are applied, we can judge whether something is scientific or not. On behalf of
my group, the Socialist Group in the European Parliament, I would like to thank the rapporteur for his work. I would remind you that this House in general, and the Committee on the Environment in particular,
has little faith in effective results being achieved by voluntary agreements. Whatever the reason, the Commission must rise above traditional political divisions. Since 1971, following the Recommendation
of the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development, non-reciprocal preferential treatment has been granted to developing countries, currently benefiting 177 countries, 50 of which are amongst the
least-developed countries. You must, of course, give us some time to assess the implementation measures and, perhaps, to strengthen or correct them. If you wanted to protest, you should have done so there
and then. Secondly, a much more rapid evening out of support for farmers in old and new Member States is needed. There is a constant attempt to slip these measures in as amendments, and even in the body
of reports, and I will oppose them at every opportunity. But aside from such progress, there remains an enormous amount to do. Therefore, in this resolution that I have supported, Parliament calls on the
Member States to properly implement this railway package, and calls on the Commission to better guarantee that proper implementation. The workers at BNFL raised the issue. I hope the Council will support
the basic ideas in this report, namely that the Commission's action plan is insufficient, that guidelines must be developed for optimising and developing airport capacity, that additional capacity is nevertheless
required, and that words must be accompanied by action. I agree completely, as indicated in the resolution before us, that public health and food safety must be placed at the top of our agenda. To give better
protection to the insured and to remove distortions in competition. That is actually what I was after in the question that I raised. If I could turn to Kaliningrad, Mr Haarder mentioned negotiations with
Russia. Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the future of the European Union is, as a subject for debate, no doubt closely related to, and in part inseparable from, the reform of governance, which forms
the subject of my report. In proposing this text, my bottom line is very clear: no matter which commercial partner is at stake, no international commitment can be allowed to undermine the principles of
food safety and the health of EU consumers. The joint resolution on which we shall be voting tomorrow is not just a gesture of solidarity, but it seeks to represent Parliament’s commitment to mobilise the
Commission and the Member States to intervene with initiatives to avert downsizing in the steel industry. I think that autonomy and rights for women are something they have to come clean on. However, we
cannot agree with an unconditional obligation for young players to sign their first professional contract with the club that has trained them, because this infringes the fundamental freedom of free movement
of workers. Is it feasible to create such a framework of agreements? And we listened to it and certainly see it as a positive step. Before the admission of the new countries the EU should initiate an institutional
reform which can ensure that an EU with 25 countries can also function properly and effectively. The impact of these rates currently affects half of Europe's GDP. Where is the turnover which justifies ongoing
funding of EUR 90 million per year? In conclusion, as long as the Commission does not clearly spell out that animal meal poses no food safety risk, the 27 ministers for agriculture should oppose a new food
policy that Europe's citizens no longer want. Finally, Commissioner, Commission President, Madam President, we must present a united front in the discussions we are to have with the United States about
our relationships within the context of the WTO. As you will remember, in the Resolution adopted by Parliament in April 2005 we asked the Commission to adopt an action plan containing clear recommendations
for the Member States and candidate countries relating to the economic, social and political integration of the Roma. Two Members of this House, Messrs Jadot and Eickhout, have said that the basis is clear. I
would like to mention an example from the Russian Federation, where the oil lobby has brought about the closure of mines in the Vorkuta region, with disastrous social consequences. That means regular monitoring
and clear and appropriate distribution of responsibilities. I stress very strongly that we regret the permanent reluctance of the ECJ to publish its members' declarations of financial interests. I believe
that it is also very important that these issues should always be on the agenda at our bilateral meetings too. As you know, the Commission has committed itself to that politically, as I confirmed in this
House in connection with our Agenda 2000 communication. I should like to comment briefly on the three amendments proposed by the rapporteur. Recent developments seem to indicate that the second Khodorkhovsky
trial was conducted at the behest of high political figures. What I can tell you is that there is concern within the Commission on the current state of the stock and that we are working hard to find an
appropriate proposal that will help properly address this problem at the international level. It is about the interaction of electoral law, the statute for MEPs, about having the same rules on incompatibility
and about what we are doing here, because we may well be able to have common rules, but different presuppositions lead to different ways of doing things. From Europe's margin, we have moved back, to be
- as the Austrian national anthem puts it - like a heart at its centre. First, it seems crucial to me that the Commission and the Council should revive the work on the proposal for a directive concerning
reduced rates of VAT by also enabling all the Member States to opt for a reduced rate of VAT for costs pertaining to the hotel and catering industries. But we also have to recognize that the Commission
has its own responsibility under Articles 85, 86 and 90 of the EC Treaty. The rapporteur made a clear distinction. It really is not easy to know which convention, from which institution, we are dealing with. As
the resolution says, not even the renewed targeted sanctions have had the desired impact. Recommendation for second reading by Mr Davies (A5-0187/2001) Of course, it is important that maternity leave be
on full pay. That is also why I think it important that, early next year – and before 1 April – we obtain an updated report from the secretaries-general on how the appointments are going. Nowadays, human
rights are part of the diplomatic dialogue, but in the form of fundamental rights, such as the right to a fair trial, to protection of life and limb, the right to vote and to equality before the law. For
example, is it prepared to ask the countries that should never have spent the money to pay it back? That is what happens in the United States, where a core report of this sort is made once in each legislative
period, and so a similar arrangement here could help to step up transatlantic dialogue on these matters. This, in turn, means that we will have to have employment policies that are much more female-friendly
than in the past: we need shorter working hours, more job-sharing and improved maternity laws. Parliament's report includes many concrete suggestions which constitute a valuable contribution to future debates
in these conferences. Also, the financial compensation proposed for artisanal fishermen has been greatly reduced in relation to the overall amount of ECU 6.5 million: only ECU 320 000 in assistance for
artisanal fishing compared with the ECU 800 000 for the ministry and the ECU 800 000 for monitoring and surveillance. The UN, the US and Russia responded to my letter requesting a Quartet meeting, which
will take place in Washington on Monday. I fully agree with Minister Lehtomäki that we will have to make appropriate provisions in the future to be able to cover this cost. It is high time we made a clean
break from neoliberal policies and the guidelines of the European Central Bank. I would like to say how sorry I am that Mrs Juknevičienė's report was not debated in Parliament before its adoption. The Danish
wishes with regard to joint rules on the suspension of use a driving licence are that there should be a comprehensive exchange of information between the national authorities so that the individual countries
are in the best possible position for taking a decision on whether to suspend the right to drive after a licence has been suspended in another country. If Malta was in central Europe with good transport
links and easy links to the rest of Europe, then it would not be Malta any more, it would be Munich. Otherwise this aim will not be achieved. Furthermore, the work and status of sportspersons should be properly
appreciated and safeguarded by the Member States. Unfortunately, in my own constituency, the Minister of the Environment, Sammy Wilson, is one of these short-sighted politicians who does not understand
the scientific and practical realities of climate change. As I understand it from listening to your speeches just now, this was indeed one of your main concerns. If they earned over a certain amount they
were taxed on that amount and that was the end of the matter. To promote innovation, business development, the civil growth of European society and freedom of consumer choice, it is necessary to introduce
broadband infrastructure, and especially in the most remote areas which often see the highest levels of failure to invest in digital technology. The introduction of the euro would be a unique opportunity
to prove that the European Union is prepared to make a gesture for the benefit of those citizens whom fate has placed at a disadvantage. Aside from this question, I want to draw attention to a matter that
concerns us all and concerns our future. Here in the European Parliament, we are committed to ensuring the protection of human and minority rights around the world. I doubt if there is a single document
that cannot be accessed under the current rules but which it will be possible to access under the rules now being discussed. If it is sailing - and I think it must be - then how do you reconcile that with
the fact that we have a round-Britain yacht race? It also has its good aspects, such as the new rules on capital, and so on. So it is closely monitored. Today’s vote blazes a trail. But complaining in itself
achieves nothing. I emphasise that the work relating to implementation has reached that level and it is only of a technical and precursory nature. Mr President, a number of speakers have referred to the
problem of waste and waste policy. We must therefore use the broad economic policy guidelines more effectively, an instrument which, by its very nature, is more flexible than the Stability and Growth Pact
and, at the same time, we must improve the application of the Stability and Growth Pact by applying the preventive measures and aspects of the Pact more frequently and effectively, strengthening mutual
control (peer pressure) and, in particular, we must do so during favourable periods of the economic cycle. Will the Commission guarantee that in the new Action Plan on life sciences, the ethical implications
of biotechnology and genetic research will remain under consideration without delaying potentially beneficial technologies such as genetic testing and pharmacogenomics and if so, how? Those with between
500 and 1 000 employees have exactly what is in the other directives. &#160;&#160; Mr President, I would like to ask the President-in-Office of the Council whether he agrees with the statements by the High
Representative for the Common Foreign and Security Policy and Secretary-General of the Council of Ministers of the European Union, Mr Solana, in support of the peace efforts by President Uribe in Colombia,
and whether he believes that the laying down of arms by people responsible for horrendous crimes, such as the paramilitaries, is good or bad news. Of course, the expectation is that as soon as possible
the Union will achieve effective open coordination - in social as well as economic policy - with joint consideration of fiscal policies, but with the warning that without constant, real grass-roots participation
there will be no economic growth that can be enjoyed by the general public. But we have to realize that the people of Europe are hoping that our political debates will materialize into concrete deeds, so
that our young people, our women, our long-term unemployed and disabled - the sectors suffering the worst unemployment - see a fulfilment of their logical hopes of being able to work and develop personally
and socially in the new Europe we are all building. The European Investment Bank (EIB) was rapid and resolute in taking action when the financial crisis hit with full force. We emphasise the urgent need
for a real plan to support the production and creation of jobs with rights in the countries of the European Union. In the future, these Action Plans could become the main policy instruments for the Union’s
external relations with these countries, and could eventually replace the common strategies adopted thus far. It is a ground-breaking proposal and it has a broad scope with enormous practical and financial
implications. If we want to have fair terms of competition, however, we must at least bear this in mind. We pointed out that the proposed legislation would to a large extent prevent women from fully enjoying
their rights and from participating fairly in the economic, social. cultural, civil and political life of Afghan society. Mr President, the Socialist Group supports every real - and I stress, real - initiative
to deal with the problem of unemployment. During this phase of assessing what happened during the management of the H1N1 influenza issue, lessons need to be learned, and it should be recognised that countries
need to have public health systems and extension services in the area of public health that are able to operate in different areas, specifically: The strong involvement of the authorities, too, is out of
step with the principles of the Regulation. This Convention proposes several solutions that have not yet been implemented in a single country. That is actually just as bad. As Christian Democrats, we therefore
support the principles behind Mr Skinner' s report, but we cannot accept the detailed regulation at EU level which is the result. We have proved that in the proposals that we put to the European Council
of Tampere last October. Mr President, you and I have many happy encounters here on the floor. Parliament therefore has strong reasons for monitoring compliance with the rules governing global free trade. The
Balkans, as we all know, has already seen far too much bloodshed. (PT) The minimum training of maritime workers should, in my opinion, fall within the exclusive competence of the fishermen's unions, in
line with their respective regulations. Opening rail freight services within Member States, and accelerating the process of opening up the international ones, represent a significant step towards deregulating
the railway sector. I can accept your proposals to write into the body of the decision the limit of 90% for the co-funding of such NGOs, and we can justify this proposal because there are many particularities
in these NGOs. In remembrance of him we ask the Committee that in paragraph 13 ... You cannot simply allow this dynamic to fail. Under the regime's critics, she enjoyed a privileged position for years. Another
aspect which is very important is that the European Union is in a privileged position because we already have the legislation you voted which provides the European Union and the Member States with the
means and measures to achieve the higher target by just upgrading certain of the caps we have in our legislation. I must say, ladies and gentlemen, that Mr Collins informed the Bureau that, since this debate
would continue after 9 p.m., he would not be able to be here at this time. As regards the action plan on organized crime, we can only be glad that a coordinated and coherent Community approach is being
sought and that cooperation on policing, justice and customs is being strengthened. The MEPs from the Communist Party of Greece voted against the report because, despite its findings and 'wishes', it supports
the anti-grassroots, pro-monopoly policy which is condemning more and more people to malnourishment and starvation. The resolution nevertheless proposes as the absolute minimum the establishment of strict
and uniform emission standards, whereas the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development had proposed that the framework directive should simply set out guidelines for achieving the common objectives
fixed by the European Union. We must rectify this situation, and we ask the Commission to consider the most adequate compensation measures for our passengers. This approach therefore requires the Member
States - both the private and the public sector - to be heavily involved in terms of making cofinancing available and providing the necessary support for managing and monitoring the measures. Mutual assistance
in the recovery of claims is becoming ever more important. Unfortunately, in the proposed motion, all this is passed over in silence. The other such topic is the digital agenda. That is why I do not think
that we should be taken in by these mendacious arguments. I am sure Members present would also have been very happy. An increase in average life expectancy cannot be viewed as a problem but as a major achievement
of our civilization, but that achievement has to be supported by the appropriate political decisions. We must therefore put proper, strict rules in place. From an ecological point of view, we should open
the way for cabotage transport immediately, but from a social and economic point of view, it makes better sense to limit it for the time being. The deaths are simply not acknowledged. Together we will succeed. The
first question concerns the demographic challenge, which will be one of the most important issues, and perhaps the most important of all, for the future of the EU. It will be drastically impoverished. The
point about six months and three months is also essential for us and I therefore recommend that the plenary should accept the amendment of the Liberal and Christian Democrat groups on this. It is erroneous
and dangerous political correctness. The Commission is also prepared to help guarantee that the levels of technological and operational safety are brought into line with the safety practices currently in
force in the Union. Officials taking part in exchange visits who come into contact with original documents must be bound to secrecy about their contents. Unfortunately, I am afraid that we will meet here
again in five or ten years and that we will then see that a great many of the problems that have quite rightly been identified in connection with Johannesburg will have become worse. The appropriate Committee
had made a written report, drawn up by Mr Alman Metten and including a proposal for a resolution. That brings me, of course, to the second task. After all, if the text adopted by Parliament at first reading
is not included in the trialogue negotiations, a second reading is needed, as that is the way it works. There are recommendations on how individual Member States can be more effective in this field, and
there is also provision for measures to stimulate employment while still meeting budgetary requirements. It is also true that neither the way in which the Stability and Growth Pact has been interpreted
nor the opening of proceedings relating to excess deficit has been successful in preventing persistent imbalances in the public finances of the major European economies. The reaction of Greek workers and
the Greek people as a whole to the abolition of the welfare state, the mass, combative rallies and strikes taking place, even as we speak, are a most resonant and categorical response to leaders laying
disgusting plans without any thought for the people affected. Article 8b of the Treaty on European Union defines EU citizens' political and voting rights. Before I move on, let me examine some aspects of
subsidiarity. The European Union must develop and support entrepreneurship among women in order to help create jobs and guarantee equal opportunities on the labour market, especially at the current time. Democracy
has been effectively terminated, with sham elections and an end to limits on the president’s term of office, although CIS observers would claim otherwise. The arguments and expert opinions that have been
put forward have proved meaningless for the EU authorities, as has the anticipated level of funding. Now, the drumbeats of war can be heard. In the 1970s, after three decades of global cooling, there was
a consensus amongst scientists that we were facing a new ice age. Mr Dimas said that the Montreal Conference will not produce all of the solutions we are looking for. We are asking ourselves, what could
Europe become today with a stronger and more determined political profile? It has been incredibly worthwhile for us, and it is something I want to thank you for. My question is this: who at European level
can conclude a contract with industry - even if there are only five sectors? &#160;&#160; . – Mr&#160;President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, from a personal point of view and, above all, on behalf
of the Socialist Group in the European Parliament, I am delighted by the outcome of the vote in the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs, for it has enabled substantial improvements to
be made to the draft report that we had initially. successful exercise of consumer rights across borders. Finally, we must give the right signals to farmers. There is a shameful paradox here. Mr President,
the common fisheries policy is one of Europe' s sensitive policies. And the EU will be among those insisting on the right to defend public health against the free market. Yes, EU countries have made progress. These
include the peace process in the Middle East, and also the way in which America has put the brakes on the process of detente between North and South Korea. At present, this burden rests primarily on the
shoulders of our counterparts in the national parliaments, but, the more this European policy develops, the more this Parliament will also have to take upon itself this crucial task. If not, we can expect
to meet the fate of the boiled frog: the water will come to the boil very gradually and then it will be to late to leap out of the pot. In raising this matter, you ask for the European Union to give Member
States a definite response, saying: 'Beware, the system you are using does not work and does not guarantee child safety'. Both of these could have a European dimension greater than that of monetary union,
some of the conditions of which run counter to our hopes for the social sector. As far as the Annexes are concerned, you are indeed quite right. When EU citizens declare their support for democracy at national
level, they of course also support democracy in a European context, and that is exactly what they are not getting'. The social inequality between men and women revolves around the balance of power: power
in cutting the cake, power in apportioning tasks, power in using the public space, power in determining the political agenda and definitions, power where identifying social problems are concerned and power
in the fight for self-determination in respect of our bodies and lives. I would also have expected arguments of this kind to appeal to her, bearing in mind what it would all cost: at present I think we
pay about ECU 200 million for this policy. This is another blow to Sarkozy and the French Government: Parliament has said 'no' to Sarkozy on both form and content. I am in favour of any discussion on development
cooperation, provided this is done on the basis of the agreements which Europe has reached with the 48 poorest countries and after we have considered the implications for the European farmers and farmers
in developing countries. Mr President, I wish to begin by apologising to Parliament, on behalf of Mr Ceyhun, who has been stranded in Germany and is unable to be here. They use the environment as a reservoir,
which they plunder rashly for raw materials and exploit without control for the sake of profit. The three areas for which new appointments are proposed are precisely those areas where the EU system itself
has contributed to the occurrence of the problem. For me, after sitting in New York discussing with practically all our partners, ABS will be an important, if not the breakthrough, issue in Nagoya. We did
so because we support the major human rights principles we believe are protected by this resolution. The result is that the world price for a bale of cotton has fallen by half since&#160;1990. In this context,
the Union urged Turkey - as we have done in the bilateral meetings with Turkey - to avoid any kind of threat, source of friction or actions that could damage good neighbourly relations and the peaceful
settlement of disputes. &#160;&#160; .At least a third of women will at some point in their lives have been victims of a physical or sexual assault. Unless you can find your way out of that maze at Hampton
Court tomorrow, this will be your legacy and proof that Europe is not working! I think this is disgraceful. The fact that you can actually have rules for Bucharest, London and Paris and consumers in those
places is absolutely ludicrous. In the Caribbean, I see a region that has set down clearly its own ambitions for an innovation-based economy. We must strengthen the internal market and remove distortions
of competition. We wonder which of these figures is correct. I am emphasising these facts because our position must take all details into account. This has been an impressive debate with many impressive contributions. What,
for example, is the cost of a long-hours culture in terms of damage to family life, damage to children and marital dysfunction? As at first reading, our group strongly supported the amendments tabled in
Parliament, especially those of Mrs&#160;Redondo&#160;Jiménez, whom I congratulate on her work. In these circumstances, the call to the international community to use every means at its disposal to put
an end to the attacks against the civilian population is in danger of remaining completely unheeded. Cocilovo report (A5-0295/2000) It has to be respected in full. Let me inform you that today, at 11.45,
Ukrainian Prime Minister Timoshenko rejected Slovakia's request to renew natural gas deliveries, explaining that: 'Ukraine does not have enough gas, we do not have our own reserves and neither will you'. All
that remains now is to conclude the climate conference in Copenhagen - the last and most important task, with the greatest long-term impact. Undeniably, José Bové and his friends are the Americans' impartial
allies in this matter, in as much as they would like to see the CAP destroyed, some of them so that they can take over our markets again and others in the name of the 'class struggle' and of 'Third Worldism'
. I would therefore like to ask this question: are we doing enough? We are there; the interpreters are there; only the audiovisual service cannot be there because its resources have been drastically cut. My
question is this: is the Commission wholly satisfied that the Khaldun Centre for Democracy has properly managed and accounted for its funds and, more particularly, the European Union funds it receives? We
believe that any other model of Europe would be rejected and looked on with suspicion. These standards must then be supervised in earnest. As you are aware, Parliament decided to wait for the Council's plane
to land before commencing this important debate. Mr&#160;President, it is our conviction that the notion of the European social model is too precious to be tarnished. This is where a great opportunity was
missed by reason of the curtailment of the Financial Perspective and the failure to reformulate a plethora of legal bases, so that practically all the multiannual programmes had to be adopted afresh. You
have the floor, Mr Jarzembowski. We can fulfil a pioneering role as the largest trading power. I welcome Parliament's support for that. Structural funding reform should attend to the targeting of EU regional
funding at areas which are more certain of producing the result we want, that is, the improved welfare of citizens, and not squander resources in developing desolate or impoverished areas. We are talking
about a Europe that is supposed to unite, and what do we hear? In the next resolution on the IGC, Parliament must take a long and hard look at the questions of differentiation and flexibility. I would like
to comment, time permitting, on three of the issues you have addressed. The Court of Auditors have done a really good job in highlighting the problems that we have in this area, as Mrs Theato has stated. Building
on that, we could then draw conclusions for future programme planning and the financial allocation in the subsequent period. The answer is quite simple: there will always be deranged individuals in this
world who want to inflict their pathologically criminal plans on others and, similarly, there will always be evil traders who supply the means for death and destruction to anybody, as long as they are
able to make a handsome profit. I must say that, even though I do not agree with Mr Chichester in substance, I too have been annoyed by the flood of sometimes fairly threatening emails. Finally they accepted
this, even if some political tensions remain. As a share of GDP, the EU invests less than the US and Japan in research and development, and venture capital investment is also lacking. The translation into
English of the Spanish word 'compromiso' is 'commitment' and not 'compromise' . I voted in favour of this report, which expresses the European Parliament's clear position. We abstained on this vote, which
is the umpteenth skirmish in the banana war which pits, on the one side, dollar-supported bananas dominated by three huge American capitalist groups and, on the other, bananas, which have until now been
protected, from regions dominated by British or French capitalist companies or by a handful of powerful Creole families. The Union has lost the banana dispute in the WTO four times already and it cannot
afford to lose a fifth time, for three reasons. Notwithstanding our criticism of the European Union' s position, we attach a great deal of importance to the fundamental objective of the agreement, that
is the economic development of South Africa and integration into international trade. I therefore believe that these statements, which, as Mr Cashman said quite rightly as well, are not isolated, are part
of a tendency, of a calculated strategy to question the fundamental values of the European Union. Mr President, nothing I say today will be very popular with the grand alliance of legitimate concerns for
the third world, distaste for the single market and economic interests masquerading as high principle which has dominated this debate today. &#160;&#160; It is important to give priority to road safety
issues and to work to bring about a reduction in the number of fatalities on our roads. In Goma, he brought together not only the CNDP - because the CNDP came, went, came back and went again - but all of
the rebel movements and the DRC government. They expect prosperity, jobs and a sustainable, innovative social market economy by 2020, as well as specific proposals for strong SMEs and an open European single
market, including in the field of capital and knowledge development. In the same way, it must have the courage to prohibit trade in goods from third countries which do not respect the rights of workers. We
need to determine whether contamination on the scale currently caused by animal feeds can be prevented. On the procedure, I am particularly harsh on the way that the French presidency has dealt with our
proposals, in not meeting any requirements to negotiate or try to have a dialogue on a possible compromise. Generalisations are sometimes made public, which is a great disservice to the operation of UCLAF. I
want to say to Mr Lange - and this is in fact not the first time we have discussed this - that I take this question extremely seriously. I should like to tell Mr Sjöstedt that we are totally against secret
ballots and I can confirm that we will vote against that. Where the applicant countries are concerned, there is an incredible amount to be done. We now come to the vote on topical and urgent debate. This
amendment is a clear improvement of the directive. I know that the Convention experiment already clearly appears to be one of the avenues - one, but not the only avenue - which Europe could follow up in
future in order to be more transparent and in touch with the opinions of European citizens. While Diana Wallis was concerned about peas, you can imagine that, in Ireland, potatoes were certainly on our
menu and on the agenda. That budget debate has to make a start in this financing deal, in reordering the priorities, and it has to be able – through the review process – to give us a forward perspective
of a more rational way to spend the European budget in today’s world. If there are no comments the agenda will be approved. I believe there are highly valuable personalities in the group, each specializing
in a particular field. I know people whose names appear on this list, but had not the least idea that their names were being used by an organisation in a letter of this sort. It is the only way our work
in Kosovo can bear fruit. We must ensure that we have a real European defence service in the future. Last Thursday, I rang them up and asked them whether they had read the original Commission document. I
would like to ask whether the Council is concerned about the human rights of these particular Cubans or whether it is only concerned about the human rights of those other Cubans who have been so much in
the limelight over the last few months. It seems to me that the EU and some national governments are guilty of creating a massive public scare that has severely damaged the poultry industry, with little
or no justification. The issue of anti-Semitism was raised. And all this at a time when the 'Agenda 2000' proposals are preparing further cutbacks in the agricultural economy and are advocating major changes
which restrict the aid provided by the Structural Funds. The main difference in my view is that we may not yet be able to identify the exact anatomical and/or histological and/or biochemical anomaly giving
rise to the particular brain malfunction. It is something that threatens European farming in the context of what has been happening at the WTO, namely sudden market liberalisation and the abolition or weakening
of protective mechanisms for European agricultural markets. We have drafted a report on it, although not as quickly as we would otherwise have done, due to the break last year. Only a few weeks ago, here
in this Chamber, we adopted our mandate for negotiation of the European Union budget for 2011. The British armed forces are world class but they have been desperately over-stretched over the past year. Unfortunately,
however, this regulation, which is so important and so necessary, has not reached a satisfactory conclusion because of a labelling requirement that went beyond what was possible in practice. However, there
is no unique or miraculous solution that would enable us to resolve this problem. We are thus approaching a crossroads. The Presidency must clarify its real intentions in this matter as quickly as possible. Mr
President, the Grosch report rightly seeks to introduce an additional test for the goods- and passenger-vehicle drivers who travel throughout Europe. We have to break free from this. We must therefore cope
successfully both with enlargement and with new risks and new socio-political challenges. Time compels me to highlight only five aspects of it, so please forgive me for that. That also says a lot about the
level of disagreement and difficulties within Europe regarding the fight against organised crime. Secondly, there is room to improve the threshold system for processed products, although any changes here
must not affect the existing balances between the Member States. In the run-up to the next EU-Africa summit (Tripoli, 29 and 30 November), many of those concerned are anxious that the strategic partnership
should place greater emphasis on food security, including issues relating to access to food, infrastructures, land ownership and adjustment to climate change. This time, however, there were elements of
a genuine anti-Semitic crusade and the most dangerous terrorists were at large. Mr President, I welcome this report and the work the rapporteur has done on it. Like its American prototype, this Agency’s
remit would be to offer a service to citizens of EU Member States by making use of scientific advances, providing reliable information and reacting to public health threats. I think it is important to emphasise
that the European Parliament will be involved to the very highest degree in all of these aspects now that we have the Treaty of Lisbon in place, and democratic control will increase in these areas. FRONTEX
- and this is where the report leaves something to be desired - should be developed into an efficient instrument in the fight against illegal immigration, but also in the fight against international crime,
as well as the drugs and arms trades. When it comes to Russia, too, we should consider in what context we see the visa regime with Russia. We want to extend the competence of the Union to areas where it
is not needed and where, for various reasons, it makes sense to maintain distinctions on the playing field based on the relative strength of the different players. If, after long and difficult negotiations,
we achieve a situation where the rule of law genuinely prevails in Turkey, and where European democracy meets a predominantly Muslim population, then that would certainly be an asset for Europe and a very
important crossroads of civilisations. I do not believe it offers the hope of saving more lives, because I do not think in the short term that this will be achieved, but the possibility of the destruction
of many small businesses. There is a legal precedent. However, I also do not want the European Parliament to be used to campaign for the opposition, which, at this point, is using an individual case to damage
the credibility of an entire policy, with which it is possible to be more or less in agreement, but which needs to be debated politically at all times. These indicators may function, not as an instrument
of control, but primarily as a toolbox helping to achieve the objectives of the Lisbon Strategy in terms of education and training. Some experts have already said that the explosives used would not have
been detected by such scanners. I think that the 2011 budget is not the place to translate into a budgetary instrument the conclusions of those important debates and difficult decisions that will have to
be made for the future financing of the European Union when the next multiannual financial framework is negotiated. With regard to the particular case of Juan Miguel Garza, the Commission is currently working
to clarify the facts through our delegation to Washington. Obviously we must subscribe to a policy of strengthening the fight against all forms of corruption, both national and European. We agree with the
idea of dealing with this issue by means of a Commission statement and another by the Council in November. Incineration is often the most effective and safe method of waste disposal. It is not therefore
subject to intense pressures that might provoke various kinds of criminal action. Ladies and gentlemen, we must not allow ourselves to be seduced by sweet talk used as a smokescreen to conceal ruthless
and inhumane right-wing policies. The co-presidents of this first joint body between our assembly and one of the Maghreb countries are Mrs Mbarka Bouaida, Chair of the Parliamentary Committee on Foreign
Affairs, National Defence and Islamic Affairs, and Mr Panzeri, Member of the European Parliament. They must be taken care of. This concern has reportedly stemmed from an increase in the number of asylum
applications from citizens of these countries, and measures against the relevant domestic bodies have been put forward as a solution. Is globalisation, as it appears today, compatible with a democratic
European Union that is the bearer of an original development plan, in other words, a model for development that is sustainable on both ecological and social levels? It is no accident that when the French
Republic gave the people of the United States a gift to celebrate 100 years of that great republic, that they called that statue 'Liberty': no accident either that her extended arms should carry a torch
of freedom. That may be so, but religions are in the public domain, and as such will be the subject of blasphemous caricatures. The efforts of the presidency to ban the subject of Austria from the agenda
gave me even more food for thought. That is something, Mr Barroso, that you need to think very seriously about. Areas that are of outstanding natural beauty or that are culturally attractive experience a
quantitatively large and growing influx of visitors. I cannot unequivocally support the view of the ENVI Committee, according to which costs connected with the collection, processing, exploitation and environmentally
friendly disposal of waste from electronic equipment should be borne on the basis of the 'polluter pays' principle. There has been practical unanimity in the House that recognition of the Interim Transitional
National Council, currently based in Benghazi, by the European Union would be an extremely important political signal which would allow humanitarian and other strategic aid into the country. It is clear
that international markets are currently subject to change, which will undoubtedly affect agricultural spending. I would also like to congratulate the Commissioner and his entire staff, who made so much
effort recently to make true progress in the field of anti-racism, and to combat xenophobia and anti-Semitism. Phrases like: 'There has been irresponsible proliferation,' 'new agencies have been set up
on the basis of bizarre political decisions, these new agencies are not subject to control and are often uncontrollable, mostly inefficient and, above all, they give rise to significant burdens on European
taxpayers,' and 'at the same time, an unprecedented range of staff privileges has become established' - have nothing but shock value. There will not of course be time to deal with it adequately prior to
the vote. In this regard, I believe that we should engage in a serious dialogue between ourselves, to answer the question of whether the existing framework of cooperation between Africa and the EU, to address
a challenge of poverty and underdevelopment greater than that experienced within the EU, is informed by considerations akin to those that inform your own internal regional policy. Only when we are in control
of these conditions can we say that we have received value for our money and that it was worthwhile Europe's citizens making the sacrifice, because the current contribution to the EU budget of EUR 123
billion is certainly a sacrifice. Not all the European nations that have signed up for monetary union are also members of the Western European defence union. A great deal of progress has been made since
we agreed to work together to draw up a new interinstitutional agreement. Up to now, European added value has been defined through collaboration between research teams in different countries. With this Interinstitutional
Agreement, the Council would de facto approve the budget for seven years. The horrific videos of his undignified end upset even some supporters of the death penalty. I look forward to developing these types
of policy and cooperation for the benefit of education in Europe. European consumers are also extremely sensitive when it comes to imported products, which is why the monitoring system for meat imports
from third countries must be reviewed. The MDG contract is the natural evolution of general budget supports, not just because it is more predictable but above all because it is focused on results and can
have a response that is graduated according to performance. In particular, the Commission can accept in full Amendments Nos 22, 28, 30, 32, 33, 42, 45 and 46. I saw this on Monday, just after the agreement
had been reached. (RO) The debate about the gas crisis has been passionate, including this evening's session. Neither is the European defence force, along with the military language that has accompanied
its miraculously rapid creation, able to give the European adventure the boost that it needs. How much longer do we actually want to carry on waiting until not only the ailing institutions, but also the
sound ones have the red light forced on them and then hedge funds and other funds bet on their decline in order to snap them up again later at cheaper prices? Unfortunately, there will be more and more
natural and man-made disasters. They must also support the development of local partnerships. The basic priority of the programme is to combat inequalities in health by strengthening existing networks in
the field of public health. However, I do not agree with the recommendation concerning the introduction of a common consolidated corporate tax, as stipulated in that clause. on behalf of the EFD Group. -
Mr President, this goes beyond Ireland. By the by, Mr Kesteleijn-Sierens was asking when Article 12 of the draft directive on savings should come into force; it says that Member States should adopt legislation
on transposition no later than 31 December 1999 which should come into force on 1 January 2001. However, I am absolutely sure that this regulation would not be the right place to address such an important
topic. Finally - and fortunately - the Commission has opted to yield to the evidence and promote the derogation of this Regulation, replacing it with a more up-to-date regulation, in line with the views
of the White Paper on the modernisation of the Community rules in the field of competition. At this time, as you may imagine, we are consumed by this activity; it is so complex and so demanding. The resolution
contains many good ideas as to how this goal is to be attained, so I have chosen to vote for the resolution. I would like to ask the members of the Council to tell their colleagues that the methods they
have used for blocking a good dossier by means of correlation tables will not be acceptable in future. I wonder whether there are good grounds for this experiment. Ladies and gentlemen, EUR 22.6 billion,
that is how much the 10th European Development Fund will spend in the 2008-2013 period. I am of the opinion that we do not need across-the-board harmonisation, because in a single market, healthy fiscal
competition is also needed. In some years, they were even worse. Upon them is the gaze of the world and of the inhabitants of this century, 60 years after the Holocaust. Parliament expressed itself on this
subject a couple of months ago; that is absolutely sufficient; there is no need to do it again at this stage. Chancellor&#160;Schüssel, I want to start by saying thank you to the Austrian presidency for
its fine work. What does the report have to say? I made this point very clear and it is also part of the Nice Declaration. Even then, it will be another 40 years before poverty is completely banished from
Europe, and people will need food aid for all that time. Mr President, Mr Commissioner, it is important for these problems to be discussed clearly, even if we have already found that words alone are not
enough to reduce the number of victims. These activities should also involve disabled persons with a high potential for creativity. We have this 30% reduction target imposed from the top down, and it does
seem to be widely endorsed. That independence was interrupted 200 years ago with the violent expansion of the Russian empire. On behalf of the Commission, I would like to express our great gratitude to the
Committee on Research, which supported our proposal aimed at providing the Fifth Framework Programme with a budget of ECU 16.3 billion. The current structure of the agreements assists the development of
these countries. I fully support her call for more work on crime prevention, and she is right to point out that the proposals still fall short on specific prevention measures. (ES) Mr President, Commissioner,
terrorism and serious organised crime are global phenomena. We need to ensure that security of supply is transparently available as a universal criterion, that there is differentiation between costs and
prices and that the entire system is sustainable. And is the independence of the internal auditor not also impeded if - even before he is appointed - a fait accompli is established by recruiting his staff
in advance? We have adopted Mrs Le Page's report by a very large majority, a report which was the result of long negotiations, and which I think represents a balanced compromise. Whatever prevention strategies
are put in place and however much is invested, it is unrealistic to think that these disasters can be eliminated. Using force against your own citizens is a violation of every law. The main problem with
GATS is that negotiations focus on the market conditions under which services are provided across borders, to the exclusion, though, of the social conditions under which services are provided. We now have
a situation where a Romanian diplomat has been declared persona non grata. Given the importance of this issue, and the support of the Commission and Parliament for Amendment No 95, the Spanish socialist
delegation will be voting in favour of this report. The idea of creating a legal framework at EU level for protecting cultural heritage in rural regions is unrealistic. The agri-monetary system is supposed
to give some protection against this. Finally, I should like to call on the Member States to assume their responsibilities, setting a solid economic base for the European programme-making industry, now
making some progress with the Guarantee Fund, giving backing to Europe-wide distributors already in existence and wholeheartedly assuming the costs of the public service as the best way of revitalising
democracy. Let me urge you, Commissioner, to take our experience of this lawmaking process as the basis for getting to grips with the international agreement on delays on railways, which is a disaster in
terms of its practical application and is also appallingly badly transposed in the Member States, and to propose European rules for compensation payments when trains are delayed. I do not know whether everyone
is well prepared, whether coordination between the individual institutions functions properly. All we can say is that it is absolutely typical of the way they have conducted affairs over the last five years. Spain,
which should have been one of the founder nations of the European Union, found itself against the will of its people separated from the rest of Europe for half a century. The aim of this Fund would be,
on the one hand, to help normal public life to resume, for example by repairing energy, transport and telecommunications networks, rebuilding or building temporary accommodation, and, on the other, to
limit damage by consolidating preventative infrastructures, for example dikes and dams. Had it not been for Solidarity, the Berlin Wall would have fallen later, or might even still be standing. In short,
the resolution was positive but firm, and was the result of long negotiations with the various parties, who have shown exemplary commitment to the compromise reached, for which I thank them. (DE) Mr President,
my group had agreed to request roll-call votes. I would like to say that I spent 18 years of my life in a country which was called the People's Republic of Poland, in which there was a Ministry of Internal
Trade and where the shelves in the shops were empty. The continuous training of teaching staff and the introduction of modern teaching methods are extremely important factors. The rise in energy prices,
adverse meteorological events and the increase in demand for energy due to world population growth have produced high food prices. Some local court cases have already been initiated. Where the arms are likely
to be used, for example, for internal repression or external aggression, then those arms sales should not take place. Instead, the report concentrates on what the EU's role will and should be in the future,
assisting the new authorities in Iraq. With this as our starting point, we must then work for improvements on other aspects too. The Commission will cooperate constructively in the interest of the Union
and in full respect of its right of initiative. The deterioration began under the kleptocratic and murderous regime of President Mobutu and has continued to the present day. Why is Italy not called to task
when it makes a shambles of its good intentions? I was keen to vote in favour of this resolution, which calls on the Commission to take strong measures in support of the fishing industry. I support closer
cooperation and coordination on justice within the EU, although I would caution governments to look very carefully at any conditions attached to future initiatives. The College had an extensive discussion
yesterday on the Asian crisis and on how we should organise our follow-up to the work done so far. (PT) Madam President, Commissioner, I asked for the floor in order to disagree with Mrs Estrela. Mr President,
ladies and gentlemen, I am voting for this report by Mr Saryusz-Wolski, which provides for improved cooperation with Albania. Well, here I am doing just that, on behalf of the Environment Committee again,
because, despite Parliament's pleas, the SAVE I programme was not strengthened. Madam President, first of all I would like to say to Mrs Guy-Quint that I agree with her entirely. I enthusiastically support
the rapporteur's proposal. Ultimately, it does not matter under which rules planes are flying or under which rules they are crashing. Subject: Reversing depopulation in rural areas Has the Council, under
the Belgian Presidency of the EU and in consultation with the forthcoming Spanish Presidency, considered the need for an active EU policy aimed at reversing depopulation in rural areas in the Member States,
including Ireland, will it make a statement on the issues to be considered, including financial aspects, pilot projects, studies and involvement of relevant NGOs, and will it call on the Commission to
publish a Communication on policies aimed at reversing depopulation in rural areas? Member of the Commission. - I should like to thank Marie Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou not only for her question but also for
her commitment to better and more cooperation in education. The risk of poverty is linked to unemployment. Thus, the European agency obviously does not have authority to intervene regarding the actual principle
of inspections, nor to propose possible sanctions. Now a word on the subject of cutting red tape and better regulation, which is said to be at the heart of the Commission's daily work. The sustainable economy
must be a major point in shaping the immediate future. The Commission has already introduced such training courses at European level, and we are asking the Member States to take similar initiatives in their
own countries, adapting them to all levels of their administrations and legal systems. The next item is the report by Mrs Schaldemose, on behalf of the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection,
on the revision of the General Product Safety Directive and market surveillance. Although economic activity began to recover in the second half of 2009, the financial and economic crisis then threatened
to evolve into a public debt crisis in a third wave in 2010. Many of us of here are very optimistic about the next six months. Mr President, I would like to start by congratulating Mr Bösch: my group believes
that, with him, this report is in capable hands. I think the time has come for the House to demonstrate the maturity and responsibility of its parliamentary diplomacy by working more closely with the Commission
and the Council on the international scene. Madam President, please excuse me, but what I have to say does not concern the Minutes. We believe it clarifies our text and improves its quality. The first aimed
to extend the 'old for new' system beyond 1 January 2000, and the second called for the structure and remit of the group of experts supervising the scrapping programme to be expanded to include regular
consultations with the Commission, even after the completion of the present measures. They have given high ratings to bonds that subsequently defaulted. I hope my colleagues will support this. We therefore
have to try to find centres, such as local Chambers of Commerce, which can offer expert advice and training. By using the euro on a daily basis, people, private individuals and businesses will benefit from
the greatest transparency in prices, easier transactions and better investment opportunities. This is what this famous principle of internalisation of external costs has become, after being put through
the Council mill - sorry, Mrs Győri - after so much resistance, and despite the considerable efforts of the rapporteur. rapporteur. - (DE) Mr President, Commissioner Figel', ladies and gentlemen, when the
topic turns to education in Europe, everybody talks about Bologna - and rightly so. We need to adopt a more coherent approach in dealing with the area to the east of our borders. The Treaty of Lisbon, which
provides a legal basis in this matter, allows for negotiations to be started. We were also told to our great surprise in the Committee on Fisheries that the budget for the Fisheries Fund has already been
reduced by 20%. Unfortunately, both the main parties have tried to mitigate and reduce the constitutional protection of forests. Madam President, I too wish to thank the Commissioner and all my fellow Members
who contributed to this report, whether today during the debate or through their amendments. It would also be desirable, if there is not yet any decision in this regard, for a delegation from this Parliament
to attend those elections as observers and to provide a guarantee, or try to improve the conditions, for the popular elections to be carried out with every democratic safeguard. This means therefore that
the Council must make this possible and that the personnel and budget required for this should be adequate. If that is so, it could be a very long wait and since the Commissioner has told us very clearly
that there is no question of diplomatic recognition, I do not really see why we are so afraid of the prospect of opening up trade representation. All the talk this morning has been about Russia. Is it the
case that the Commission stands ready when necessary to give administrative support in the formulation of suitable programmes, as they did in the past when I wrote a report on the Alfama and Mouraria areas
of Lisbon? It obliges them rigorously to apply the Copenhagen criteria. Unfortunately, according to an expert from the Technical Committee on products for small children and toy safety of the Polish Committee
for Standardisation, rapid exchange of information between Member States and the European Commission on products which pose a hazard, and steps taken in particular countries to prevent or restrict their
coming onto the market, is still not functioning satisfactorily. in writing. - (RO) The conclusions of the European Council of 13/14 March 2008 and the debates in the European Parliament of 26 March 2008
point out the importance of the EU neighbourhood policy and approve the Mediterranean Union principle, a more substantial mechanism of cooperation between the EU Member States and the non-member states
in the southern vicinity of the Union. We have seen how slow the EU ETS carbon market has been to get off the ground and how badly the carbon price has been thrown off course by the economic crisis. This
puts short sea shipping at a disadvantage compared to other modes of transport. This European Council took place at a critically important time in the history of the European Union. Of course, the rule of
law, if it is to be effective, needs to be established through legal methods. In conclusion, I believe that the ‘no’ votes against the Constitution should be taken as a wake-up call to those who believe
in and support the European project to focus on what matters. Hence also the importance of the Ribeiro report, and I would like to particularly congratulate the rapporteur on his report. However, Russia
faces a number of intractable problems, which ought to impel it towards the West, but Moscow's dislike of the EU persists. The ECU 150 million - 1 billion francs - accepted by the Council as spending on
the European pact for employment, is not going to solve the unemployment crisis. That is the reason why we looked for advice. Increased trade liberalisation will bring significant economic benefits to both
Albania and the EU. All this in order to attempt to force the Council to retain the conference agenda which the Commission wanted. That, Commissioner, is a tool developed on the Commission's initiative. Today,
with the reduction in the Structural Funds budgets, a form of unbridled competition has begun in the regions, and all of our colleagues are having a change of heart. I note with satisfaction that the Committee
on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Policy has no objections to the revised procedure. The Commission is unhappy. When voting on today’s report, we should not forget that the arrogance and hypocrisy
displayed by the Russian authorities with regard to the issues I have mentioned, together with Russia’s current policies, on Chechnya, Georgia, Moldova and the Baltic states, blatantly violate democracy,
the rule of law and respect for human rights, and hence the values to which the European Union so readily subscribes. Yet Burma is a country gifted with unparallel natural beauty, a uniquely fertile land
and rich mineral resources, as well as significant oil and gas deposits. The report by Mr Guellec points in a considered way to the need to forge appropriate links between the Lisbon Strategy and cohesion
policy. Businesses are bankrupt, jobs are almost impossible to find and the situation is worse than at any point since the Israeli annexation of the territory in 1967. However, we would like to draw attention
to some problems in this area for which we need new solutions: European citizens' knowledge of their rights in cross-border proceedings, and the knowledge which practitioners of the law and judges have,
which is extremely vague. What concrete measures have been discussed? We share the vision of an efficient and innovative fund industry that is attuned to the needs of its traditional retail investor base. I
represent Heathrow Airport, one of the major airports in Europe. A great deal has already been said about the reasons for this fiasco. I dedicate those words to Mrs Ashton. The fact is that rich countries,
for example Norway and Switzerland, simply do not want to join the EU. If the British Houses of Parliament accept and practise the provisions of the Reform Treaty as superior and at the expense of existing
English and Scottish law, then it is an act of treason under the existing treason laws. It would also be used by the Commission to propel itself on to the international arena, and it would explain that
it should represent the European Union for the purpose of reaching legal agreements; 5. we must reform the procedure of international trade negotiations by restoring the Council's authority over the Commission's;
in particular we must not accept the inclusion of negotiations on services and intellectual property in Community processes as that would mean that national parliaments would no longer have anything to
say, anything to ratify, especially when it comes to international trade. The Commission does not question the principle of consultation with business and social operators, but it wants this principle to
be applied while respecting its right to initiative. However, the same majority approved via electronic voting the paragraphs which envisaged achieving a higher reduction in emissions by increasing energy
efficiency without changing the current 20-20-20% targets to be achieved by 2020. This assumes that we have the courage to establish the objective and formulate the requirement that in the future cars will
be powered by something other than today's internal combustion engine. A clear summary of the right to information, given at a central point in this legislation, would make the position substantially clearer
for entitled persons. The fundamental texts of the European Union cannot continue to ignore the existence and functions of the regions with legislative powers as a result of, in cases such as Catalonia,
an irrefutable sense of collective identity, because those regions are responsible for managing a large proportion of Community policies and because Europe cannot be built behind the backs of the people
that are part of it. Death penalty in the United States -B4-0407/98 by Mr Manisco and others, on behalf of the Confederal Group of the United Left - Nordic Green Left, on the case of Mumia Abu-Jamal in
the United States; -B4-0423/98 by Mr Orlando and Mrs Roth, on behalf of the Green Group in the European Parliament, on the case of Mumia Abu-Jamal in the United States. It would be impossible to understand
the scope of the Treaty of Amsterdam without mentioning that its birth was preceded by the ratification of the irreversible launching of the single currency. That is what the European Union needs. I can
assure you that, every day, I have proof of the usefulness of these new authorities, since we currently consult them on an almost daily basis. This then only happens for the benefit of the competitive battle
between companies that work at prices which are too low or that are aiming for profits which are too high. I must also stress the concern which we all feel about the abandonment of the truce by ETA. As there
are few reports, so-called less important reports, Parliament empties and the reports, particularly those dealing with human rights, and others, are not subject to any debate worthy of the name for the
purpose of establishing positions. At the present time, the majority of recently developed new vaccine candidates are still in the preclinical development phase or beginning clinical development. Where our
fundamental values are concerned, it may indeed in this case be said that the rights which ought to apply throughout the European Union have not been properly respected. Nevertheless, I am of the opinion
that this proposal which the Commission has made is unbalanced in a lot of aspects. What we are looking at here is not only whether the directive is being infringed but also whether Articles 30 and 59 of
the Treaty and directives 83/189/EEC and 95/47/EC are being infringed, the implication being that the other provisions may also be pertinent. However, I still feel that this is not the solution for the
future. We may wish we had. It is very significant that the debate on this issue should have aroused so much interest, but unfortunately only five minutes were scheduled, and they have already passed. I would
therefore simply like to present to you the Commission' s positions on major issues as defined in the context of the amendments adopted by the ITER. The European Union must review its trade agreements with
countries which fail to respect human dignity. I am, in any case, of the opinion that the European Union must remain a European project and that, therefore, there should be no place within the European
Union for a country like Turkey, which is not a European country. Secondly, Mr Poettering, let me make the following point. However, the monitoring report describes abuses committed by the police and law
enforcement authorities, in both countries. Patient safety has to be the priority when dealing with medications. We are all equal citizens of the European Union and, as my colleague John Hume has said, we
must learn to treat each other with equal respect. There was more discussion of increasing the amount of land available for soya production and deforestation to gain more cultivable land; even our delegation
had not paid much attention to the topic. (FR) Mr President, forgive me for interrupting the sitting, but the news reaching us from the Ivory Coast is extremely grave, with civil war breaking out at this
very moment between supporters of Laurent Gbagbo and Alassane Ouattara. We as European Socialists regard Russia’s ratification of the Kyoto Protocol as a highly positive step. Like it or not, it is not the
path of glory it aspired to be for the citizens of the Member States. We insist on compliance with the fundamental standards of the International Labour Organisation as a preliminary condition for entering
into trade agreements. Discussions must then take place on individual cases in this respect. The Member States of the European Union are fully committed to the goal of full employment and we also see the
achievement of this objective as an important way of meeting the challenge of an ageing population in Europe. As regards the assessment of needs, the implications of economic and monetary union for the
software used in our businesses vary according to the modifications that are envisaged. In 2009, the Council will play an active part in the general process of evaluating European cooperation in the field
of youth. This is a question of transparency, and it could help to remove some of the prejudice against the work of the Commission and the other institutions. I have read your programme, which you represent
on behalf of your Commission as a whole. Last year, this Fund helped to deal with the aftermath of the fires in southern Europe. This means that transparent bases for calculation, non-discrimination against
airlines and a set consultation procedure are some of the factors used to establish fair airport charges. The new neighbours initiative may also contribute considerably to the development of that region. This
also requires policies which strengthen participatory democracy and which educate the general public, particularly about the values of democracy and solidarity. Provisions suitable for a potential dispute
between the EU and a company must be established. 1&#160;May also saw great change in the area of Justice and Home Affairs. At Stockholm, I will urge the Heads of State and Government to seize the opportunity
and not to rest on their laurels: we need to push ahead resolutely with the reforms already agreed upon in Lisbon. We should see this Commission as a college and while the individual commissioners must
be held accountable, nevertheless we must take an objective view of what is going on and beware of either European party politics or international politics colouring our judgement. Now we just hope that
the Council will honour this declaration. It is alarming that whereas other ACP countries are reducing the EU's fishing of shrimps and prawns, Angola has kept it at the same level. You rightly drew attention,
Mr President, to the historic declaration that Robert Schuman made on 9 May 1950, at the time the integration idea was put forward. We are helping the Russians through the winter, but with checks. (DE) Mr
President, this request for urgent procedure is about the fact that high-protein feed or pulses are to be grown on set-aside land before this year is out. Paulsen Report (A5-0257/2000) I deplore the fact
that a specific defence of the role of public service and the need to ensure the survival of publicly funded television channels has not been included in the resolution, as the motion tabled by my group
proposed. However, I can assure you that the Commission's commitment to push forward this new policy hand in hand with Parliament in particular and with the Member States and stakeholders is guaranteed. And
these political provisos include full and continuing compliance with the terms of the Dayton Agreement, and thus by implication the requirement to assist the work of the war crimes tribunal, total respect
for human rights and notably the rights of minorities; provided Serbia was prepared to see a just solution for Kosovo and more especially for the benefit of Kosovo, the European Union said that whilst
it could not support any aspiration for independence on the part of Kosovo, for which in any case there was no justification, the Union was concerned about the human rights situation there and particularly
the failure to respect the rights of the Albanians who are a minority in Serbia but a majority in Kosovo, and the Union expressly reiterated its desire that Belgrade should give back the autonomy which
it previously withdrew from Kosovo. In so doing, Mr President, I feel that you have breached the adversarial principle, the declaration of human rights and the general principles of European law. So Parliament
and the Council called on the Commission to prepare the statement which we have heard today, a statement that would examine various aspects of the effects on the environment and the internal market. I should
like to assure the honourable Member that the tasks this task force would have performed are already at very advanced stages – if not completed – in the European Union. The plan should provide more detail
on issues such as the monitoring of internal control standards and the reform of SINCOM. We must not forget that we are talking here about short-term statistics which are not destined to replace the social
statistics and those on the employment market. Secondly, I think there are quite a few problems with the English version, especially in paragraph 22. The Union's future employment strategy should be based
on three pillars. Why are the Americans better at these things? The avoidance of unnecessary animal transports and the protection of animals during transport are fundamental concerns of agriculture, especially
of farmers and producers. To put the record straight, I must state that Mrs Parly, who has had to leave, has informed me, on behalf of the Council, that she was delighted with the agreement between our
two institutions, which was a result of the conciliation meeting on 23 November. It considers that direct efforts are needed in effective cooperation and communication, mainly between central and regional
level, where we consider that there are problems, as well as in the consolidation and completion of institutional structures at both central and regional level. In Committee, the majority supported the
Commission's desire to adopt only regulations on competition in individual ports and include in this all service providers. The presence of the President of the Council at the Arab League Summit was a first. We
must confront the growing HIV/AIDS problem, and fight malaria, parasites, malnutrition and other diseases that kill so many of our children. Mrs Lichtenberger, you asked me about the monitoring of dangerous
transport. Poland and the Czech Republic need to continue with the restructuring process that has been underway for more than a decade and with this proposal we are giving them a framework in which to carry
out those changes. It is therefore extremely important to limit the scope and legal procedures, and clearly delineate the legal procedures of this process, precisely in order to avoid delays being contrived
and the possibility of re-entry. I also believe that this programme should receive a substantial increase in its funding so that it can accept the proposals submitted to it. These developments are to be
deplored. Young people are another important group that we should be focusing on for the prevention of accidents and violence. The need for democratic freedoms is being destroyed, hopelessness is degrading
people’s dreams and belief in their own strengths. The Commission shares the view that venture capital and equity investments in start-up companies are important. The Commission has made huge efforts to
work with Russia on Kaliningrad, addressing both the impact of enlargement and future development policy as part of a comprehensive approach. Therefore, abandoning coal without having a viable alternative
would not be appropriate. Freedom of information in Italy (debate) To achieve this, the Commission recommends three means. Another sign in the eyes of the public that the euro is a good thing would be a marked
reduction in charges for cross-border payment transactions, which you have already mentioned. In a draft report on the EU's information and communication strategy (PE 355.447v01-00), the European Parliament
has proposed that the Institutions 'should reach agreements with independent television producers able to devise drama series, competitions, films, news reports and in general all kinds of high-quality
and accessible programmes which appeal to popular taste and serve to promote the idea and values of Europe' (Paragraph 11). The approval of the Treaty of Lisbon, which is to be signed this week by the Heads
of State or Government, makes it absolutely vital to have reliable European Union population data. We consider that Malta has a natural vocation, both in terms of its democratic institutions and respect
for human rights, to form an integral part of the European Union. Members of Parliament cannot simply let their hearts rule their heads and adopt legislation for which there is no legal basis, however commendable
their motives. And, secondly, the European Union must have a single commitment and that commitment is the cause of peace. (FR) Mr President, Mr Vice-President of the Commission, to my mind, something major
is absent from the document before us and it was absent, too, from Mr Barroso's speech. However, there is one proposal that I would have voted against had there not been a vote in the committee, and that
is that the majority is introducing less stringent rules for employment in the home. However, if discharge is refused, the accounts for that financial year need to be closed. Mr President, the entry into
force on 1 June of Council Regulation No 338/97, which goes beyond the scope of CITES, is a clear illustration of the Community's efforts to that effect. For this reason, as the report says, it is vital
to prohibit any form of exclusive mandate between the major right-holders and the collective management societies for the direct collection of royalties in all Member States, given that this would lead
to the rapid extinction of national societies. A number of months ago, the Left Group had as a guest in this House, Michel Kilo, a member of the Syrian opposition; today, he is in a Syrian jail. Another
problem is the call for a rebate on contributions by the largest net contributors, known as the ‘generalised correction mechanism’. Nothing has really been done to solve this problem. Subject: Stoning of
seven women in Iran That is exactly what sustainable development is all about, making sure that we do it the European way, ensuring that all these three elements are covered by an ambitious policy for jobs
and growth in Europe. When it comes to the Northern Dimension, it is therefore, in my view, very important for us to concentrate on results-oriented activity and not on everything under heaven and earth
that is north of the fiftieth degree of latitude. What I would like to address today is the framework for the common fishing of the Baltic. We have now learned from an actual case in Germany that these gentlemen
- for they are mainly gentlemen - not only earn very good money but do not want to pay tax on what they earn, which is why they go to Liechtenstein and elsewhere. However, EFSA also underlined in its recent
report that the practice has major repercussions on the health and welfare of animals. All the federalist speakers raised their heads above the parapet, one after the other, to urge the setting up, at the
next Council in Laeken, under the Belgian Presidency (a presidency which, of course, is in favour of ultra-federalism), of a 'convention' which would open up a 'constitutive process' which was to produce
a 'European federal constitution' which the 2004 Intergovernmental Conference would be called upon to adopt. This must happen, however. Comparisons were made with other models, for example with the market
economy pure and simple, as in the emergent industrial nations of South-East Asia. We believe, however, that it is essential to provide for greater investment in scientific research, especially in the fisheries
sector, including within the next framework programme. Internally, we have low inflation rates; externally, the euro has become the second most important currency in the world and is very stable against
the dollar. We are pleased about this and we congratulate the Council on these decisions, despite the fact that, for this House, the Treaty of Amsterdam included one disappointment: that of delaying, for
five years, our role, our ability to participate actively, to democratically control this area of freedom, security and justice, as well as the role taken in it by the Court of Justice. (ES) Mr President,
I would to begin by congratulating Mrs Jensen on her excellent report. I notice that a lot is happening there. IT and videoconferencing, used alongside a secure e-mail system, should, Mr Medina Ortega, be
a standard resource for sending evidence. In addition, these rights are minimal in three to four other states because there are perhaps only one or two coach routes that long. We have been journeying for
a long time and we intend to reach a good destination. I should like to say the same. There really is not a difficulty with including the small further step which the rapporteur is asking for. I have to ask
why there was this last-minute inclusion on the agenda last Friday, without the proper teeing-up among the various political groups. Madam President, as Chairman of the Committee on Regional Policy, transport
and Tourism and as a Greek Member of Parliament, I wish to raise the subject of the sinking of the Express Samina last Tuesday. For the operation of these agreements we are also providing specially adapted
financial support. This is the context, Mr President, in which we are examining the New York Convention of 4 August 1995, on conservation and management of straddling stocks and highly migratory stocks. Mrs
van Bladel is right there. The implementation of the undertakings given at Gothenburg is one of the seven priorities identified for next year. - Madam President, I voted in favour of paragraph 43 of the
Vatanen report only because of our colleague Mr Landsbergis's oral amendment to it that the House finally approved. That is not worthy of a Union based on humanitarianism, tolerance and the Rule of Law. This
is an important factor, from a commercial standpoint too. Undoubtedly the directive as drafted by the rapporteur will make a significant contribution to improving water quality in the European Union. I would
now like Mr Martonyi to take the floor on behalf of the Council. My message to the Commission is to get its act together and bring forward a directive that includes the issue of doping in sport. the increased
protection for users, who will be covered by various safeguards depending on the different services that they use: Otherwise I cannot see how we are supposed to comment on them in the Committee on Budgetary
Control. &#160;&#160; Mr&#160;President, ladies and gentlemen, the reservations expressed by the rapporteur, Mr&#160;Alvaro, were explained and discussed in detail by both of the committees to which this
matter was referred. That is down to the Council. The main reason for the delay was that the report from the internal auditor service was not finished and could not be finished because we, on both sides,
found it necessary and a good idea to broaden its scope in order to get a serious and deep study of how to handle this method of development cooperation. There has been a significant shift in Bosnia towards
implementing the Dayton process. Madam President, the EPP Group voted against Mrs van Lancker's report because we are in favour of the Schengen process on principle, because we recognize that Schengen has
brought more freedom of movement in Europe and has therefore also allowed many citizens to experience positive European developments for themselves. The territory's complicated fifty-year history shows
that the victims have frequently been both Jews and Palestinians. The next steps, after an initial decision from the Council, should then be taken by Parliament. In addition, the Commission has submitted
a proposal on access to justice on environmental issues. This clause means that goods from that country can be considered to be Papuan, and consequently exempt from any customs duties or quotas, even if
the fishermen, the fishing areas and the factories that produce the canned fish are not Papuan. However, the plan, supported by the United Nations and the European Union, fell in 2004. The report from the
Employment and Social Affairs Committee contains some very concrete proposals which are within the Commission's powers to implement and I believe that the European Parliament expects the Commission to
take them up immediately. Throughout that entire area we should be defending the forces of moderation against extremism and strengthening them. It aimed to increase both the standards of protection for the
asylum applicants concerned, as well as the level of efficiency of the Dublin system for the benefit of the Member States. She told me that she had been working as a saleswoman for 54 years and was now
planning to retire. We have seen the introduction of denied boarding compensation - although we know there are still issues to resolve with that. by Georgios Stavrakakis, on behalf of the Committee on Budgetary
Control, on discharge in respect of the implementation of the budget of the European Centre for the Development of Vocational Training for the financial year 2009 (SEC(2010)0963 - C7-0226/2010 -; What is
particularly disquieting in this respect is the report in today's press that a certain American television station which operates worldwide has in a sense been providing instructions on how to seize vehicles
from relief organizations, convert them into combat vehicles and use them for totally unlawful purposes. I hope that, when the review comes around within the next five years, the transport ministers will
be not only older, but also wiser. Point 38, which was amended for the worse by Amendment No 22, cited again today in the Chamber, imposes on Italy - and who knows why Italy should be singled out - in order
to guarantee the impartiality of judges, not the separation of judicial and political authorities, as advocated by Montesquieu, but the separation, within the judiciary, of the careers of judges responsible
for giving rulings and investigating magistrates. Examples are Italy and Spain, while Poland, a new Member State, is definitely another one. This is in everyone's interests but we cannot expect governments
to negotiate with prisoners over their conditions and regimes. The Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy was charged with drawing up an opinion on this report. Reciprocal access
to both sides' procurement markets would not only mean savings for public budgets but also provide huge business opportunities. Let us take the constitutional reform: this is overshadowed by the headscarf
debate to such an extent that no real progress has been made on the fundamental renewal of Turkey's constitution. in writing. - (PT) The resolution adopted by the European Parliament includes concerns and
proposals that we support, although we disagree with some points. It is when the vote is taken that the majority has to be established, and the majority was established at that point and easily obtained. It
does indeed appear in our communication, and in the White Paper which was presented by Mrs Cresson. This kind of agricultural policy does not just harm the small and medium-sized producers in these countries
but has the self-same effect on producers in the European Union. Member States also have the right to request ingredient information from manufacturers for use by their poison centres. A vigorous European
defence industry, based on advanced research and healthy competition, must be preserved and developed. It will be excellent if you can stand by this undertaking. &#160;&#160; Mr&#160;President, it was exactly
1&#160;500 days ago that Ingrid Betancourt and her colleague, Clara Rojas, were kidnapped by the FARC in Colombia, thus joining the excessively large group of 3&#160;000 hostages, to say nothing of the
thousands of missing persons in that country. In the field of the economy, 1993 was a significant year, since it was the critical moment when our exports to Asia exceeded our exports to the United States. As
part of this approach and in order to provide material support for Algeria's efforts, the Commission, represented by Mr Prodi, has signed financing agreements granting EUR 13 million for two human rights
projects. There are also other amendments which correspond to No 41, but it is essentially No 41 that is at issue. Liberalisation of the gas market will not guarantee investment over the next twenty or thirty
years. The 'New Economy' is actively preparing the creation of an extensive stratum of 'employed poor' , with miserly wages, restricted security and welfare rights, who will be obliged to change jobs according
to the dictates of the unaccountable market and the laws of the lawless interests of big business. As I already made clear, the EU welcomes the agreement on the Tunis Commitment and the Tunis Agenda for
the Information Society reached at the World Summit on the Information Society in Tunis. We need to improve cooperation between tourism stakeholders, notably social partners, including an annual European
Tourism Forum. I talk about self- regulation, about complementarity and about a new framework that all can accept. Nevertheless, the economic might and global importance of China in security terms means
that EU leaders, such as UK Prime Minister Brown on his recent visit to Beijing, are reluctant to raise these issues with the authorities for craven fear of jeopardising foreign investments. I would like
to ask the Commission how this agreement is going to reflect both the European Union's future industrial policy and India's industrial policy. Congestion should therefore be eliminated, which will make
exchanges of electricity more effective and the network more stable. Coordinating social security measures at EU level remains the way forward. Talking about its ecological consequences evokes all sorts
of concerns and fears. The attempt to export the EU economic and social model to the countries of the Mediterranean which do not belong to the EU and to integrate them into the new world order and so-called
globalisation is the expression of colonial mentality. Commissioner Byrne has the floor. Thank you for taking the question, because Mr Kelly is very shy and he has not said that he was a former President
of the Gaelic Athletic Association, the most important sporting movement in Ireland, and that is why his interest is in sport. Yesterday, we welcomed ten new countries, and ten new flags of ten new Member
States are now outside. And when an individual's freedom is under threat, the European Convention on Human Rights clearly provides for the possibility of revision by referral to a judicial body. on behalf
of the Verts/ALE Group. - (DE) Mr President, the Council representative said that there is considerable controversy in the Council on this issue, and that exists in the European Parliament as well. I therefore
strongly oppose Amendment 33 whereas I will support Amendment 2, since Parliament has already reached agreement on this and this amendment alone conforms to the thematic strategy and the Directive on pesticides,
as approved by Parliament in October 2007. The aim of the legislation currently under consideration, which is the subject of the excellent Stihler report, is to prevent the disaster that the extinction
of fish as popular as cod and hake would represent. If we compare rural and urban areas, these disproportions are even greater. Spread the word to your fellow delegates, persuade them to attend without biting
their heads off. Madam President, I should like to congratulate the Swedish Presidency on a good home page. For the principle of mutual recognition to be applied in practice, the codes for each type of check
must be readable and understandable in every Member State. In the field of foreign affairs we have fulfilled our part of the commitment on the Mediterranean. Does it mean - as has already been discussed
in the Lithuanian Parliament - that I will have to pay a fine of up to EUR 1 500 or do a month's community service under the changes to the criminal code that are currently being debated in Lithuania? In
practice, this requirement is usually linked to the existence of a national reform programme which is subject to support through the International Monetary Fund's Poverty Reduction and Growth Facility. Having
said these things, Mr President, I wish to thank Mr Soulier again and to express the hope that the plenary will approve the amendments which can improve the proposal for a regulation and which we accept. But
Japan had been sliding for some time. Because of Mr Medina's report we had the opportunity in a crisis situation to bring forward one simple reform. I am sure that every Member State wants to send its minister
to Brussels to agree to environmental directives; that is just our problem. Mr President, I already have the answer to what I wanted to ask. By this I mean that we should not be placing such restrictions
on ourselves, and we should do what is logical, not what is illogical. I am counting on the fact that some life is going to be breathed into the words "transparency" , "efficiency" , "responsibility" and
"accountability" . It is terribly embarrassing. A special report has called upon Member States, classification societies and shipping companies to be alert to errors in loading and unloading. The action plan
on combating terrorism will contain tangible measures and guidelines, precise deadlines for the Member States and binding obligations for a common policy to enhance cooperation, information exchange and
protection for the victims of terrorist attacks. I am therefore fully determined, just as determined as your rapporteur and yourselves. I shall therefore vote for the compromise, and may I once again thank
the rapporteur for our constructive cooperation. Good for Germany - and, of course, for you! I warmly welcome the opportunity the ECR Group had for a vigorous discussion with him on it. I would like to contribute
to this appeal with five comments on the theme of European unification. The cases of the South African Development Community (SADC) and the Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa (COMESA) are typical. Tunisia
has reached an historic turning point in its history: we have a duty to support the Tunisian people by helping them to build a stable democracy and by supporting and strengthening civil society, which,
with its power of advocacy, is doing a great deal to strengthen democracy. If you get this power, you can come back year after year. It is clear, precise and says what we demand and what we expect. The freedom
of movement and establishment of working people between the Member States of the EU and the continually increasing flow of immigrants from third countries, have led to the birth of more and more children
from parents of different nationalities. The inclusion of Bosnia and Herzegovina and Albania, however, is something to be rejected. I voted against, since the report ignores the fact that we should fight
the effects of climate change, which most probably have natural causes, and instead states that funding is to be earmarked for tilting at windmills, or in other words the 'fight' against causes which exist
independently of us. That is probably a better definition of what we need. Since its chairman is the head of a subsidiary of French water companies, we must of course ask ourselves to what degree it is influenced
by the industry and just how useful are the solutions that may emerge from it. The implementation of the European Union's information and communication strategy is of the greatest importance given that
public awareness of EU matters has in the past often been affected by a lack of consistency, particularly in Member State government dissemination of information, and by polemical reporting in some sections
of the press. We must ensure support for these languages by making use of the possibilities provided by the existing programmes. We have seen since the 1970s where that process leads. You yourself pointed
out once that the European Union is a club with rules and I agree. I am grateful to a number of major operators in the construction of Europe - Mr Fischer recently, and before him, Mr Delors and others
- for opening up the debate. I am in favour of 45 minutes between commercial breaks, but not of the kind of advertising that starts to predominate over the product and its quality. My group strongly supports
the Contact Group and the proposed draft peace plan, with a transition period in order to establish substantial autonomy for the Kosovo region. North Korea is a country which behaves as though it were free
of all moral obligations. It paints a very worrying picture. The Black Sea region is extremely important for diversifying the European Union's sources of energy. We cannot allow language policy to become
a source of conflict among the EU Member States or the general public, which is indeed a genuine possibility. In spite of the enormous sums of PHARE money, the ghettoisation, segregation, exclusion and
anti-Roma feeling has continued to grow since enlargement, and in Western Europe as well. Whilst the European Union does not have a true founding treaty for a social Europe, whilst employment, according
to the Amsterdam Treaty, still falls under national jurisdiction and whilst European initiatives are restricted by the Stability Pact, there is a real danger that Europe will not be capable of taking decisive
action that may help reduce mass unemployment. This must be part of building what is, after all, to be a common policy on nuclear energy. We are well aware of the difficulties encountered by many of our
colleagues in travelling to Strasbourg. Discussing economic and social issues separately amounts to a grave misunderstanding. - Recommendation: Marcello Vernola All we hear about is enrichment. Therefore,
I do not believe that the Presidency is trying to neglect Gothenburg or consign it to oblivion. I also believe that Parliament and the Commission must be congratulated for the work that they have done -
the Commission for having proposed six texts and Parliament for having examined them, thanks to the rapporteurs, in record time. Unfortunately, workers in the pharmaceutical industry and those working on
cleaning up walls and façades will continue to run the risk of suffering the effects of dichloromethane. Clearly, the areas covered by the Structural Funds must be limited. International labour mobility
should not be hampered by the different ways in which pension schemes are taxed fiscally. I am glad that we are fighting this battle side by side, and I wish you good luck, or, to put it in thespian language:
break a leg! With regard to the Alber report on the prevention and repair of environmental damage, Mrs Bjerregaard has had a study carried out that will enable the Commission to adopt a position on this
subject in the near future. A study of the current Presidency shows that it enjoys not giving direct answers to direct questions in Question Time. As a member of the Council of Europe, it has committed to
human rights and we must help it to continue along this route. The country’s authorities, the international community and the EU must therefore make every possible effort to change this view. They must also
come out and say that we should indeed take in everyone and only then look at the consequences. Nevertheless, I should like to make some observations. Unlike salaried workers, the self-employed work on the
basis not of a specified number of hours, but of the goods which they handle as well as the number and type of shipments. The European Parliament welcomes, firstly, the courage of the Tunisian people, who
have brought their country to an historic political turning point. For this, we need high quality training that is also harmonised throughout Europe and, at the same time, we need to advertise for this
area. Agreeing that it is essential to inform the people, I support the establishment of a single European emergency telephone number which will enable EU citizens to obtain the information they need, particularly
in critical and emergency situations. The final draft agenda, as drawn up by the Conference of Presidents at its meeting of Thursday, 17 October 2002 pursuant to Rules 110 and 110a of Parliament's Rules
of Procedure, has been distributed. Like my colleagues, however, I would like to say that I see a better opportunity here to simplify the rules related to this budget so that accessing the money supply
for trading would be easier than it is currently and, of course, the budget must also be increased as has been said. The EU itself should also strictly adhere to a ban on exporting lethal weapons to Nepal
as well as the export of any tools which can be used for torture or inhumane treatment, as was stated in the resolution which was adopted by this House today. The USA is now threatening to impose new customs
duties on European products exported to the United States. The European Union, through the European Instrument for Democracy and Human Rights, supports the activities of civil society organisations in this
very specific area. I do not believe that there is a plot behind globalisation. I would like the Commission to pay more heed to this in future. The second is the debate about the future. They have decided
that they want their faces to be up on the global stage, not somebody from the European Union, and so we have got appointed a couple of political pygmies. If it were simply a face-lift, a nip and a tuck,
and the results would be visible very soon. I would also cite the national initiatives that, like the carbon tax, to which Mr Pargneaux paid tribute just now - and I am glad that he did so - encourage the
introduction of environmental taxation. It is widely recognized in the context of the Great Lakes region that a humanitarian response alone represents no solution to its problems. The list of all the things
that Europe stands to lose without a constitution is a very long one; there must be no march back to the past. Together we can make a difference; together we can work on this solution. The creation of mechanisms
which undertake to deal with disasters due to deliberate action or negligence (as proposed) gives an even larger margin for unaccountable action by companies, with disastrous consequences for the environment
and public health. I suspect my own analysis will be rather different from many we have heard so far this afternoon, but what is clear is that collapse offers us an opportunity to start a root-and-branch
transformation of the WTO. Let me now turn to some other issues raised in the draft resolution on the ECB's Annual Report. In the spirit of codecision and the search for a consensus, we approved in committee,
at second reading, new amendments that provide a compromise on crucial issues. We consider that in this situation the following steps must be taken. We must also, above all, ensure that these medicines are
suitable for the living conditions that prevail in the countries concerned, so that they can be distributed via health systems which are worthy of the name. Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like
to clarify something here. Another very important decision for which the Commission deserves praise is the decision to establish greater transparency in connection with the 'expert groups'. In that sense
I regret that the words "politically motivated' was deleted from the joint resolution shortly put to a vote, as demanded by the Christian Democrats. We must ensure that the debate is full and fruitful and,
most importantly, that it delivers a vision for the future with which the majority of our citizens can identify. Tele-medicine can provide an answer to some serious health problems. &#160;&#160; . – Mr&#160;President,
the Commission should like first of all to thank Mrs&#160;Almeida Garrett for her excellent work on the Commission’s communication on the operating framework for the regulatory agencies. in writing. - (FR)
Europeans are a disappearing species. The next item is the debate on the report by Zita Gurmai, on behalf of the Committee on Transport and Tourism, entitled Towards Europe-wide Safer, Cleaner and Efficient
Mobility: the First Intelligent Car Report. Finally, ladies and gentlemen, I shall refer briefly to issues concerning external and common security policy. Furthermore, EU Member States cannot give a mandate
to the European Audiovisual Observatory without the agreement of the non-EU members. I think it is at the consultations that are to take place when the new Parliament assembles that we should put our energies
into getting some principles governing Commissioners’ political accountability adopted. What we are talking about is employment. For example, in agriculture and fishing, it makes no sense to fund economic
development plans with one hand and close the door on products from developing countries with the other. (DE) Madam President, I would like to start with some praise for Greece. Many aspects of this complex
issue have been touched on. We are calling upon the Commission to act resolutely in relation to Italy which - and this is a scandal - is still without national framework legislation on the representation
of consumer rights. The precedent of Slovenia and Croatia confirms this. During the recession, salaries fell dramatically in sectors dominated by women or women lost their jobs altogether. Of course, the
control of illegal trafficking, data registration and identification are all well and good, but it would be quite reasonable, in the same spirit of resisting economic pressure, to ensure that the decision
whether the ship leaves the port when sea conditions are difficult is not simply left to the captain alone, as he may be placed under economic pressure due to his position. &#160;&#160; That ends the joint
debate. The only way to guarantee security in the Middle East is for there to be both an Israel that is secure within its own borders and also a new Palestinian state. I believe it is a positive thing that
the ACTA agreement is apparently focusing on the implementation of existing law, rather than the framing of new laws. The fact is that, for years, the people who hold the reins of power in Europe – in other
words, the European Council, the Heads of State or Government – have invariably taken the same approach. The previous paragraph, number 48, makes clear that the largest functioning democracy in the world
is India, a country that I much admire. All the actions run directly counter to our vision of a Europe in which the nations determine their own affairs and coordinate with each other when they cannot find
solutions by themselves. The active interest of this House in such activities is invaluable and we are therefore grateful to it for its continuing support and understanding. I hope when this report comes
back for second reading we are able to note that the Council has incorporated the rapporteur's sensible amendments. This issue should be taken into account when launching the third phase of the 'European
statistics on accidents at work' project so that the Community can have reliable and complete data, harmonised at European level. Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I, too, would ask Mrs Izquierdo Rojo
to adhere to the formalities of this House. Apart from the positive measures that the European Union has adopted, will the Council speak with a single voice in the quest for peace and solidarity in its
talks with the UN, the United States, and with the states in the region? Today we will build a bridge that represents a hard-won compromise following three years of negotiation between Parliament and the
Council. These two examples support our vision of the conflict. The Trade Commissioner's positive response to the request by ACP countries for a review of contentious elements of the Economic Partnership
Agreement (EPA) negotiations is welcome. It also shows that there is not much time left and that there are clear reasons for the European Union to formulate its policy. Turning to taxation, which also has
been mentioned by a number of Members of Parliament, you may know that the Commission originally proposed specific tax rules for inclusion in the European Company Statute, but the Council insisted on deleting
them. In order for the stage we have reached today to really represent a reunification of Europe it is essential that the Union acquires a Constitution which guarantees the effective and democratic functioning
of its institutions and its political dimension. We want an international agreement for emissions from aviation and maritime transport. I should also mention that the European Council plans to debate the
issue of migration at its December session this year. In the few seconds I have left, I want to address the Commission directly with the request which, among others, Mrs Thors and Mrs McKenna mentioned
in connection with the transport of livestock, instances of which occur every day within the Union and which are perhaps the most obvious environmental crimes we face today. This is a proposal that also
makes the Commission Parliament's ally, but I would have liked to have seen more determination to tackle the really important tasks and to respond with a sense of vision, particularly as regards Europe's
response to the dangers of globalisation, to the unprecedented intellectual and political challenge of developing a supranational democracy, of taking the separation of powers seriously, of taking the
rejection of an intergovernmental Europe seriously, and of making the legislative process more open and giving the public access to all documentation. The results of the elections on 24 September have made
a democratic change of direction possible. Yes, the Kurdish people. (NL) Mr President, the Netherlands also shared the sense of relief on Saturday morning about the agreement reached, and for this, too,
I believe thanks are due to the President-in-Office of the Council. The Member States dispatched their staff, then found that they could no longer manage to pay for them, so they came to the Committee on
Budgets seeking finance from European coffers through the back door. London is the world’s leading financial centre and English is the common business language of the world. (DE) Madam President, the Council
has already taken flight - possibly because of the fierce criticism it met with on the previous item, although the content of the Surján report has done something to repair what was decided by the European
Council during this difficult, long night on the stabilisation package. Does the right to take industrial action also apply to public sector employees? What is the Commission' s view of the position of these
Member States in any future EU defence cooperation? The European Parliament did not address the issues raised by Article 6(5) at first reading because it was widely believed that the Article was targeted
at financial analysts employed by investment firms where well-publicised abuses have occurred. In that way, it may be ensured that those Member States that, like Denmark, neither have nor intend to acquire
nuclear power are no longer forced to help fund it. I therefore agree with the content of the report in question; in other words, I agree that developing European port infrastructure capacities, in order
to sustain the growth of the maritime transport sector, is a priority. Unlike the rapporteur, we think that an advisory board such as an executive committee, that prepares the meetings of the management
board, is a good invention. For our group, the most important point is, however, proportionality. The Commission, like Parliament, does not believe that the current economic crisis can justify relaxing competition
rules on the control of concentrations or on State aid. We really must examine this in detail at the next review. Mr President, I will be brief because this is a very simple matter. Do we wish to ensure that
all of our companies and our fellow citizens contribute within their means to the financing of civic life? I shall put to the vote that text, which I shall read out once again. As a physicist I do not just
look at such agreements, but I also take measurements or have others take them, and I can see that we are producing more CO2 today than a year ago. Numerous Members are stuck in their hotels in the centre
of Strasbourg, at least in the area where the Novotel and Ibis hotels are located. Ton monde est le mien, something which reflects that we need others to understand ourselves; Measures supporting and encouraging
such research should never cease. These texts govern the rights of the Union as they do national rights. As the Galileo project showed, an overwhelming majority of MEPs believe that sharing financial and
technological resources and equipment among Europeans is the only way for Europe to avoid dependence on the United States, Russia and China for vital strategic activities, such as navigation. We must recognise
this. I am prepared to present them to you in person when the time comes – not just in plenary but, if necessary, in the relevant committee. The Commission cannot accept this amendment. I also welcome the
adoption of the amendment I tabled against revising the concept of the family. The Commission can wholeheartedly support the text as it stands. We spend a lot of time in this House talking about a strong
EU that would compete with the USA or Asia, yet a strong EU with a small budget is inconceivable, not to say absurd. (DE) Madam President, President of the European Council, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen,
I would like to briefly address two points. So, after a short film objectively explaining the challenges of institutional reform, those in the public gallery can participate in an open discussion. The United
Nations has to act. So I am in full agreement with the measures suggested by the Commission for training, encouraging research, vessel technology, telecommunications systems and establishing a telematics
network, logistics and traffic control, including satellite navigation, and promotion of integrated transport at ports, particularly boosting rail transport and trans-European links. They cannot understand
why it should be impossible to formulate a sensible agricultural policy and at the same time to have clean water. Let us ask questions, let us make recommendations, if necessary, but let us not go so far
as to call for the power to deliver opinions on matters of external policy. Thank you, Mrs Yade, for being present at this debate, and I regret that the Commission is not here too. In the course of its assessment,
the Commission will check the undertaking's long-term viability and the proportionality between the amount of aid granted and what France will be willing to accept in return in order to preserve the conditions
of competition on the markets in question. But we cannot go into each and every Member State directly and create those incentives. Mrs Roth abstained in the final vote. This concerns our budgetary law most
directly. This is why we decided to abstain. I feel that the form of dialogue between all the actors in the distribution chain, suggested by the rapporteur for resolving the current problems affecting the
market's operation, is actually the most suitable and constructive. These matters are rightly the purview of Member States, and, before I am corrected, let me say that the Eurovignette is a tax, not a toll,
since the Commission proposes hypothecating revenue from what can only be called a stealth tax. Mr President, I would like to thank all the Members for the quality of their speeches. Madam President, there
are many aspects to the report on Bosnia and Herzegovina and I can only highlight some of them. I had the privilege a few weeks ago - Mrs Ayala Sender is also a member of the committee and she mentioned
it just now - of being rapporteur for our interparliamentary meeting, where we had parliamentarians from across the Member States talking about the internal market. However, except for some basic rights,
it applies to regular services equal to, or longer than, 250 km. In conclusion, may I once again thank Parliament very much indeed for its in-depth and knowledgeable reports which will provide crucial input
into, not only the Commission's thinking, but also the thinking of the other actors in this important issue. They themselves are already the ones hardest hit. Just let us imagine that Russian were to become
an EU official language. We believe that to prejudge, at the moment, where resources should be directed, would create more practical difficulties. Mr President, we are no more likely now to adopt a resolution
which, on the pretext of combating terrorism, actually seeks to criminalise social demonstrations. The ECIP, whose projects are now coming to an end, has been particularly successful, as has been previously
pointed out. And if 70% of the European Union’s economy comes from services, you do not need a higher degree in economics to realise that you must do something about services in Europe in order to galvanise
the European economy. The Commission talks about clear, neutral and objective information in addition to the list of ingredients. I can support the report, but there are a few points which are not completely
to my taste. And how will vessels that pass through our waters without docking into port be inspected? The project provides for transit roads that will take traffic through the middle of heavily populated
residential estates. The matter of neighbourhood relations must be a priority. When we listened to certain people as a delegation, and heard testimony regarding the rights of women and minorities in Iran,
they told us that perhaps it would be better to impose symbolic sanctions, such as cultural sanctions. Therefore, I support the proposal contained in paragraph 10 of the report which calls for any state
to be excluded which clearly fails to respect human rights, democracy and the rule of law from ASEM activities. A European Anti-Fraud Office press release in August told of the conviction of a major cigarette
smuggler in the US. I believe that we can already manage these risks and avoid negative impacts on human health and the environment by implementing REACH and other Community legislation. He thinks the text
goes against the Treaty and Parliament's Rules of Procedure. The wealth and diversity of diplomatic experience in the various countries of Europe is also recognised throughout the world. The secret services
normally operate in that grey area. I urge that this proposal be rejected so that companies, whether in haulage or public transport, can prosper. The introduction of single judges is a measure that can only
be justified by the specific case load prevailing in the Court of First Instance. (DE) Madam President, today we finally saw the introduction of a transitional period for existing nutritional and health
claims on the labels of food intended for children. I should point out that our discussions in committee were very full and covered other aspects, such as our concern to involve as many of the smaller SMEs
as possible, or how to set priorities. &#160;&#160; The Commission has taken note of your question, to which you will receive a reply. Furthermore, we do not believe that an immediate closure of Guantanamo
Bay is desirable or feasible while the war on terrorism remains a priority for both the United States and the European Union. In an era of a Europe without borders which grants equal rights and privileges
to all of its citizens, consumer protection legislation should guarantee the same rights and opportunities to all customers within the single market. I voted in favour of the report on advertising. Commissioner,
this question is not supplementary to the question on violence at football grounds; it bears no relation to it. In our country, especially in the major cities, scooters and mopeds are extremely popular
forms of transport and are valid alternatives to cars. Parliament delivered its first report in November 1993. (DE) Madam President, I never suggested that the Jobbik party had been guilty of criminal wrongdoing. The
Commission did not help because it indulged in some appalling labour relations so that more than half of the staff were not prepared to move. The strategy shall also include information and education campaigns
on the preventing, testing and treatment of HIV/AIDS. My local airport now charges people 50 pence for a plastic bag into which travellers have to put their toothpaste. This will therefore enable the Member
States to adapt their legislation, as Germany has done, but at the same time to treat small and medium-sized enterprises like the others - that is very important. We, in the Group of the European People's
Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats do not want Europe to be governed by a few great nations, but, rather, we want Europeans to work together, we want the European Community approach, and
so we wish you, Mr President-in-Office, great success. There are some very important areas where consumer protection can work at a Community level, and I say that as a British Conservative. That is precisely
why we have a valuable culture of consensus in the Council of Ministers. Is there not a difference in terms of dignity between fundamental political rights and economic and cultural ones? Equally worrying
is the worsening humanitarian situation which is compounded by restrictions on humanitarian access. I have observed that, for some fifteen years, we in the Netherlands - but that also applies to other Member
States in terms of best practices - have been working with the ISO Standard 2631, as recommended and followed by Mrs Thorning-Schmidt. In addition, we must protect the cultural monuments and spiritual values
that are disappearing, including folklore, handicrafts and trades which are dying out as civilisation and technology advance and mass production takes over. Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like
to start by expressing my gratitude for the way in which we have been able to work together so constructively. On the other hand, the question of solar radiation, in other words radiation from natural sources,
proved controversial, so I would like to say a few words about it. The draft supplementary and amending budget for the European Parliament contains an appropriation of EUR 15 million for an additional prepayment
for office space in Brussels. There was, indeed, an urgent need for these, and I look forward confidently to a future in which waste separation and recycling will be practised to an ever-increasing extent
throughout Europe. Europe has at its disposal a broad panoply of individual forms of cooperation. Vice-President of the Commission. - Madam President, thank you for this debate and for the good words addressed
to the Commission. The consequences of the war in Iraq have made the fight against terrorism even more important. Likewise, when state debts began to rise, they only reacted when investors started to express
their worries, responding with such harshness that the financial problems of individual countries were exacerbated. Basically nothing has changed in the draft decisions, apart from a few editorial improvements
to appease the reactions, and the addendum stating that "the European Union is founded on the universal values of human dignity, liberty, equality, solidarity and respect for human rights and fundamental
freedoms; it is based on the principles of democracy and the Rule of Law". We have arrived at a compromise that, in the main, supports the Commission's proposal. Legal and budgetary standards and good financial
discipline are fulfilled in this amending budget. Mr Lamassoure hardly touches upon this highly topical and acute problem in his report. This is a fine aim which also concerns the less well-off and elderly
people who live in developing countries. We are for a different Europe: a Europe of peoples and regions. It is crucial that EU Member States mobilise political, financial, logistical and technical support
for the Irish, French, Belgian, Polish and other troops forming part of this mission. Secondly, on the issue of cross-border cooperation, it is a fact that there is no systematic cross-border cooperation
between the current Member States. Many companies are scared to talk about this, and some have told of incidents which occur during the inspections carried out by finance officers or customs officers, and
which remind me of scenes from the Second World War. For this reason, when economic issues are negotiated, increased attention should implicitly be given to the laws regarding the respect for the rights
of immigrant workers and women. In this context, it is important that regions that have already emerged from Objective 1 are able to move to an intermediate stage, reinforcing the development which they
have already proven themselves capable of, instead of them being abruptly abandoned, jeopardising the progress that has been achieved in the meantime. Bolivia has also been included in the list of eligible
countries for the European initiative on democracy and human rights for 2005-2006. Well, this is proof that no-one is governing our world any longer. Production of palm oil is growing at about 9 % per year;
more than 80 % of the production comes from Malaysia and Indonesia. This serves to increase our concerns as regards the need to promote multilingualism as a cultural value of the EU. &#160;&#160; Before
moving on to our agenda, I would like to make a few comments in relation to the fact that yesterday was United Nations Day, and the last winner of the Sakharov Prize – Kofi Annan – made a speech in which
he stressed that we can and must do more to achieve the objectives of peace, human rights and development which were the basis for the creation of the United Nations 59 years ago. Indeed, there are people
who help others to enter the EU because they think those people really need political asylum. Hence there is an increase in contributions from Member States. We have elected this Commission, and we will
back it up in order that it can get on with its job. Europe, which upheld in the past - and is still upholding - the principles of security and justice in our region and in the world, must stress today,
more than at any time, its role in a comprehensive and clear partnership with President Obama's Administration, the Quartet and the international community. &#160;&#160; – Madam President, Commissioner,
Mrs Villiers, Mr Skinner, let me start by saying that both directives are part of the Financial Services Action Plan and thus help to strengthen and complete the internal financial market. I fully agree
with you that the policy of the Council and the Commission must be as coherent as possible. As the draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Social Affairs and Employment, I wish to draw your attention
to a number of points. I especially welcome the proposals which seek to ensure that all primary and secondary schools have high speed connections by 2015 and that all adults of working age should be offered
ICT training opportunities. For that decision, we can, of course, draw on the experience already gathered in connection with the two instruments I mentioned a moment ago, but that does not take away from
the importance of the decision. I take the view that in the event of administrative error which leads to losses in customs revenue, a different regime should apply in future to the one currently in force,
i.e. it is the Member States themselves that should be liable for the loss of revenue in the event of error. Nevertheless, I shall look into the situation of the letter that you say you have addressed to
me and the reply which I imagine must be being dealt with. Under your reforms you will break the link between production and subsidy. Much better and more effective control needs to be introduced so that
we can put a stop to illegal fishing. The European Parliament has clearly stated its support for the Kigali Declaration of 22 November 2007, calling for extension of the deadline for concluding negotiations
on a new EU-ACP trade agreement, for the agreement to be a prudent one, and suggesting that the rigorous demands of the WTO need to be relaxed. I would ask that we are not forced once again to fight for
the Socrates or Leonardo programmes, in terms of research and the framework plan, and that the Council be more generous. The Irish people will not get over their disillusionment. Europe is not just the European
Union of today! Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I also see this piece of work, the Green Paper on innovation, for which I express my special thanks to the Commission, as an important contribution to
the urgent and intensive discussion on the preservation and securing of jobs. There will be a capitulation to the more vociferous and probably stronger claimants, the Serbs, although until the Muslims were
driven out they were by far the largest ethnic group in Brcko, followed by the Croats, with the Serbs ranking only third. &#160;&#160; Madam President, I should like simply to confirm to the honourable
Member that the definition of trade union representatives and therefore their protection is a definition that exists in a large majority of Member States. The Group of the European People's Party (Christian
Democrats) and European Democrats has voted against certain elements of the report, either because these fly in the face of our political conviction, or because the areas involved should fall within the
remit of the Member States rather than that of the European Union. Therefore, it is also important that we also include paternity leave by making the most of the dual legal basis in this directive, which
aims to promote gender equality and the reconciliation of family and personal life, because one of the stereotypes which prevails in our society is that women are associated with reproduction, while men
are associated with production. The question is whether the EU is willing and able to take such measures: measures that have an impact on the modal split. Care for the frail and elderly is a challenge that
faces us all and unfortunately it is one that we will probably all face ourselves at some stage in our lives. In the global variant of the board game Monopoly which we call economics, we see only the short-term
profit. However many courses in the language of the host country might have been provided before students attend an advanced course, however many parallel courses the universities open to their foreign
students, it is clearly unrealistic to think that in a short space of time, we can reverse the trend that currently benefits the United Kingdom, France and Germany. We in this Parliament should protect
the right of workers to take action, to take solidarity action and to enjoy freedom of assembly and I would like to see a little more concern from Mr Skinner for the rights of workers and the free movement
of workers, rather than the free movement of goods. It is for that reason that we have, today, raised the question of how the Commission intends to ensure that the Community method is further developed
and guaranteed in the foreign relations sphere, of how – in administrative and financial terms – the service is to be organised, and how Parliament will be able to monitor what it does. The second approach
recommended in the report is also a step in the right direction. Rules concerning the coordination of private supplementary health insurance systems in the EU make sense as long as they involve guarantees
of freedom of movement for individuals and employees. I am specifically asking whether you wish to ask the Commissioner a question. Small businesses have been allowed too little time to submit the required
safety dossier on their products. No wonder we find 50% of the information funds still in reserve, still waiting for the Commission's proposals. We could use lower taxes to encourage people to buy more advanced
technology, giving more money to research and development and pilot projects. I am thinking, in particular, of the agricultural sector, which is too often 'sacrificed' in favour of industrial products and
services during trade negotiations. In this respect, I wish to highlight the fact that this House already adopted, on 24 November 2000, a report for which I had the honour of being rapporteur, which determined,
for the first time, the definition of victims and their role in the judicial process. To the Mexican Government I say: you tell us you wish to end excessive militarization, to disarm the armed groups, to
welcome bona fide international assistance and to promote the rights of indigenous people. We will not grant validity to any competition arguments that have been put forward. Situation at the border between
FRY/Kosovo and the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia In the United Kingdom in particular, the ‘individual opt-out clause’ has apparently been signed by one third of employees, four million of whom are
already working more than 48 hours a week. The Russians' motives are illustrative of their dominant-power politics. At European level it is now estimated that over 8 million - equivalent to approximately
2 % of the over-65 age group - will be afflicted by Alzheimer's disease by the year 2000. It is a sensational result. I would like to say a few words about this, as I know that in all Member States there
are huge difficulties in getting this form of violence recognised. Mr President, five people, namely Thongpaseuth Keuakoun, Kamphouvieng Sisaath, Seng-Aloun Phenphanh, Bouavanh Chanhmanivong and Keochay,
disappeared on 26 October 1999 and were probably imprisoned for holding a peaceful protest in Vientiane and calling for political changes in their country. In addition, the aircraft included in the annex
meet the criteria laid down in Annex 3 of Council Directive 92/14 as amended by this directive. I will not use the time remaining to me so as to allow the honourable rapporteur to watch his team play. As
I said, I understand that not everybody can be happy when the right balance is struck. Experience has shown that more regular training is needed for better cooperation and interoperability. There are several
questions at least which should be put to the European Commission in the context of the communication on raw materials. In particular, we also need a solution to the refugee problem, so that people there
can have new prospects and so that the refugee camps cease to be the epicentres of incessant new terrorism. Commissioner Fischler, I am pleased to say that the European Union has not been sitting on its
hands. Furthermore, if we compare the Protocol with any other agreement with the South, it is frightening to think how sure some high-level officials in the Directorate-General for Fisheries must be of
their position of impunity. This European Council in Ghent was, in fact, already the second meeting under Belgian Presidency, and was, like the previous meeting on 21 September in Brussels, overshadowed
by the effects of the attacks in New York and Washington. On the one hand, every road user does cause every other road user to be as late as he is himself, and he pays for his decision to travel at peak
times by having to spend longer doing it. I voted in favour, in the expectation that the Commission will table a new proposal quickly, which would contribute to making the GSP a clearer, more transparent
and more effective system. In this case we are dealing with a mere traffic offence, which has nothing to do with politics. Madam President, this is just an opinion report. However, I would ask the speakers
at least not to be late, because I am not disposed to let them speak whenever they turn up in the House. Moreover, the banks that it saved, or their sister banks, are the ones that are today speculating
against it. Unlike in December 2000, when we discussed Nice in the absence of the Central European countries – Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, Poland, Czechoslovakia (which is now the Czech Republic), Slovakia,
Hungary, and Slovenia, not to mention Malta and Cyprus, none of whom had yet joined us, it is a particularly happy circumstance that today, the day when we are debating the Constitution, we have among
us Members from these countries, particularly from those European countries that were once Communist. Most of you, I know, heard what was said by our Prime Minister, and that will have lifted a little corner
of the veil. This is not something affecting Ireland alone, it is something affecting the whole of Europe and we wish to lend our support to the Irish presidency to try and resolve the problem - our eventual
aim should be peace, solidarity and cooperation between all parties involved. In order to do this, the directive proposes to require public undertakings and private undertakings that perform public tasks
to carry out separate accounting procedures. (Parliament accepted the tabling of the oral amendment) I must say that I prefer this gesture of humility to the less-than-adequate speech given in this very
House by your predecessor in a previous life. As regards peace-keeping, we must also make sure that the mission is successful. We must guarantee that imported food meets the same high hygiene standards as
food produced here. We saw a huge wave of refugees and, at the same time, we watched hospitals and embassies being bombed and unarmed civilians becoming the war targets, while the Balkan peninsular will
pay the price and suffer the painful consequences of the ecological disaster caused by the bombings for years to come. The Euro-Mediterranean process has been a success and so was the Barcelona Summit of
last November. While attending a Masters Course, students should have the opportunity to use the languages of at least two of the countries where the institutions involved in these courses are situated. As
long as we do not have a complaint and as long as there is no evidence, the honourable Member will understand that the Commission has no reason to act. It is significantly easier in these circumstances
to depict fears than depict future results which we do not yet have. The European Commission must have the courage, it must use its right to take legislative initiatives and propose a sectoral directive
on health services. No, the governments of the ACP countries did not accept continuing negotiations under pressure or threats. However, in 1998, good internal conditions more than compensated for negative
external effects. Considering that we are coming up to Christmas, this cruel and inhumane way of producing so-called food is unacceptable. And I think this is a very characteristic example of exactly the
great contradiction to which Mrs Lalumière referred in her excellent report, between commercial, economic or strategic interests and the elementary moral values which I think the European Union should
serve, without hypocrisy. Mr President, I would like the Commissioner to clarify whether a piece of information that I have is correct. We share these concerns, as does the Council, which is also examining
a draft resolution on the mobility of artists. Where supervision of the EIB is concerned, we would repeat our proposal that the issues be addressed at the forthcoming intergovernmental conference. I consider
this unacceptable, both because it represents censorship of the right to free speech and because it shows that the Internet, too, is controlled by those in power and/or their supporters. The rapporteur
has worked commendably, in close cooperation with all of the shadow rapporteurs and political groups, in addition to checking first-hand how the borders are crossed today. It is understandable that, today,
the attention of Europeans is focused on increasing the speed of development and on job creation, but we cannot, when building a strategy for the European Union, restrict ourselves for many years just
to economic debate. Should they continue with the approach that led to the present catastrophe? Culture is based on values, not colour. I believe that it is essential to keep dialogue open and make the effort
of understanding each party's positions with a view to finding a solution as soon as possible. The EUR 1 billion designated for this fund are 'floating': in other words, they are not earmarked for a specific
budget line, but will be mobilised only when a disaster occurs. It is good and proper that we are drawing Serbia closer to the European Union, and I agree that visa facilitation is not enough; we should
establish a visa-free regime for Serbia's citizens, and it is at least as important to speed up the process of granting Serbia candidate status. Secondly, it facilitates any spot-checks that may be necessary
and thereby enhances road safety. It is for that very reason, however, that, while the next Northern Dimension Action Plan is in force over the period 2004-2006, we should work hard to increase political
activity in that direction to reassure the Russians that cooperation between us is advantageous to both parties, although it is definitely more important for them than it is for us. What part does the stress
of life play in the disease? The financial contribution is lower than that contained in the proposal of the Commission and the European Parliament. The speculators must obviously be brought under control. But
it is precisely if we in Europe want to be on an equal footing with our American friends that this European Security and Defence Policy needs to be formulated in such a way that it does not see America
as an opponent, but as a partner, a country together with which we wish to solve problems on this earth. Usually you can rely on these things, but the very time I wanted him to make a long speech, he cut
it short. In the particular case of the iron and steel industry, inclusion of such a reference could have prevented the rights corresponding to blast furnace gases that are sent to electricity companies
to be converted into energy that is used by iron and steel plants from being granted to the electricity companies under the national allocation plans when, without them, those companies could replace those
energy sources with others such as natural gas. In 2005, for example, DG Regio had reservations on the adequacy of control systems in Spain. Clearly, this raises various problems in the budget process as
well. In its negotiations on ACTA, the Commission should be upholding the principles of transparency, human rights and the EU Parliament's legal right to information. I therefore hope that the Commission
in its entirety can start to support the demands which have been made by Parliament and which we in the ELDR Group would like to clarify a little. And the lack of ideas on the part of the mainly left-wing
governments in Europe is proven by the fact that their leaders, meeting in Milan recently, decided to take up Clinton's proposals on jobs and the economy, thereby demonstrating a worrying degree of scientific,
ideological and cultural subservience. This would lead us to replace the power of right with the power of might. They were also very interested in EMU and were of the opinion that it would be of assistance
in the global monetary situation where they have crashed so badly. I agree with the words of the Socialist spokesman: the 7th was a good start, but we have to do more. Having once again examined its position,
the Commission has come to the conclusion that it ought to be possible to agree on one point, namely that neither agreement is an association agreement within the meaning of the European Communities Treaty,
even though the word ‘association’ occurs in their titles. However, we must state that China's uncritical approach when it comes to obtaining access to these raw materials, with little or no consideration
for human rights, corruption and undemocratic regimes, poses a challenge for the EU, which has long insisted that trade and aid must go hand in hand with demands for democratic development taking into
account free and human rights. &#160;&#160; Madam President, I am sorry that the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Mrs&#160;Kauppi are so negative towards the Commission’s proposal. I am from
a region bordering on Switzerland, a country with which we have concluded a privileged partnership, which has enabled us to join together in resolving problems while each developing in our own way. Secondly,
may I ask if this report has led the Commission to make any recommendations to change the format of pre-accession aid in order to strengthen the work in one area as opposed to another area? Secondly, the
public must receive, inter alia, information about the right to participate in decision-making in the forms and quantities permitted - we touched on this just now. Transparency, Mr President, must not only
be applied to management, including financial and administrative management, but also to political decisions. The amount of money a company has is no indication of how good a service it can provide. I said
nothing more, nor did I praise the government, which consists of both social democrats and democrats, but simply stated that we would carefully monitor what it would do and what it has done. Europe presents
a puzzling aspect to the world. There was also some support from the Israeli Government to try to help the Palestinian security forces. For my part, speaking on behalf of the Commission, I can say once again
that we are fully agreed that at least seven of the various campaigns currently taking place under the third pillar could be communitized and, if possible, transferred to the first pillar. (DE) Madam President,
I have followed this debate very closely. This should be part of balanced dialogue between that part of Asia and Europe. Moreover, the successful LEADER programme should continue. For example, Finnish is
interpreted first into English, say, and only then into Greek. As regards the conference which would bring together all the parties concerned, it is probably premature and a cessation of the massacres would
probably follow talks held protected from the eyes of the press. My second question concerns the whole policy on alcohol. The post-colonial period should be brought to a close. British humour! I can tell you,
Mr Davies, that the Bureau has adopted the principle of publishing the Members' register of financial interests on the Internet and the Quaestors are studying in great detail the problems and the legal
questions that it may involve. We did not, however, emphasise this so much in our presidency programme, even though we mentioned it. Rum from the overseas departments is therefore obliged to participate
in the FOD rural development policy, which increases restrictions and production costs and places it in a disadvantageous position on the market in relation to products from third countries. It is now up
to Macedonia to prove to the European Union that it has the will to fulfil the underlying criteria and, most importantly, this country must now show that it is in a position to resolve conflicts between
ethnic groups through political dialogue rather than by force. The European Court of Justice is explicitly not competent (Article 11, 240a). I calculate that three-quarters of all the amendments to the text
that we will vote on on Thursday originated from our group. I had hoped that you had heard me. Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of the Group of the European Liberal, Democrat and Reform Party,
and along with my colleague Mrs Plooij-van Gorsel, we join others in offering our condolences to the victims of the Russian nuclear submarine, and in asking for greater cooperation between the European
Union and the Russian authorities in order to prevent a further disaster. It is very simple, there are new technologies, so there are new forms of usage by those who threaten children. And why refuse them
the right to gynaeco-obstetrical health? The Member States’ governments and authorities are subject to democratic control and cannot expose people to risks. If the government does not take firm action to
deal with the violence, we would be justified in fearing that Nigeria could become the stage for a religious war. First, there are the issues specifically referred to at Amsterdam, namely the number of
Commissioners, the representation of Member States in the Council and the extension of qualified majority voting. Only in this way can we achieve a truly social market economy as is stipulated in the Treaty
of Lisbon. There is something bizarre about Europeans putting in place such requirements when consumers in other parts of the world do not insist on them, when there is no health evidence that supports
them, and when we are probably legislating for the technically impossible. It cannot be said that our proposal has not been thought out. Neither the European Union nor the Maghreb or Mashreq countries can
afford not to take advantage of the human and cultural resources that enrich the region. Yesterday the International Commission for the Balkans, whose membership includes a good many interesting and expert
people, published a report. The European Structural Funds play a major role in this process. Their only result is often the failure to punish the perpetrators, which increases the mistrust of government
institutions and the entire justice system. At both the drafting stage in each country - as the Commissioner said - of projects to be funded by the Structural Funds, and at the stage of their being studied
by the Commission, and even in the implementing report, the gender perspective must be integrated and evaluated. Such measures can bring real help, but they work best if they are properly targeted and coordinated
and, in particular, if they are well attuned to our long-term strategies and our long-term interests. The Commission put forward proposals on organic vegetable production in the early 1990s and there will
soon, we hope, be proposals on organic animal production. I am confident in the future success of the efforts of the Presidency and of Mr Solana to this end, which involve agreement with the other international
partners in the quartet on a workable solution. The highest level of stability and even improvement of social security can be found in the southern countries. I voted against the draft regulation laying
down general provisions on the Structural Funds because it is not consistent in relation to the ultra-peripheral regions, as can be seen from the main reference to them included in Article 3, according
to which ultra-peripheral regions above the 75 % threshold are also covered by Objective 1. Mr President, I will not be availing myself of my two minutes. That is our group’s position, and no other interpretation
is tenable. But EU legislation on TDI already goes beyond WTO requirements in many ways. Particularly in the phasing out period for the milk quotas, balancing out is a necessary tool in order for individual
farms to be able to orient themselves better in the market. This too was rejected, and the Committee of Wise Men was then set up. For the reasons I have explained, the Presidency has decided to declare Amendment
2 to be inadmissible as a result of being in breach of Article 229 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union. Now as then, Parliament, by a substantial majority, supports the Commission's proposal
in principle. Socio-economic measures commensurate with the Community budget must be incorporated into this regulation. But even more burdensome is the considerable cost imposed on companies. Mrs Kinnock,
you have the floor. A ‘framework directive’ of the European Economic Community, adopted in 1989, constitutes the basis of the legal environment. And the reason why we have no clear idea is because of the
emergence of what is undoubtedly the fundamental debate: market forces or legislation? The devastating earthquake and tsunami which struck Japan and the Pacific region on 11 March 2011, taking a toll of
thousands of innocent lives, was a tragedy which has moved us all. In his submissions and hearings with our group he spoke about his role as an honest broker. I would therefore like to expressly repeat what
my colleague, Mrs Steinruck, said - we cannot repeat it often enough: we must take more action to tackle the cause of the crisis; make those who caused the crisis pay to a greater extent; and focus on
them for the resolution of these problems, including by means of legislative measures. Ladies and gentlemen, I would like to have spoken to you a few days ago, but that was not possible because my appointment
as France’s Minister of Foreign Affairs happened very quickly. This is because what matters is not just stressing what we have achieved, but instead focusing, above all, on what we intend to do, which is
a good deal more. They are, on the contrary, calling for us to take action, to remind the Syrian authorities that no one is above the law, compliance with international standards or human rights. The priority
is to act as quickly as possible and to deploy, in accordance with Resolution&#160;1706, a United Nations peacekeeping force with a mandate to use force if necessary to protect the civilians. That model,
ladies and gentlemen, must also ensure the participation of civil society, through the creation of a discussion forum to respond to the challenges and problems raised by the development of the Internet;
only in that way will our true support for the information society be credible. The countries that joined in 2004 suffer from the complete absence of a strong stratum of small and medium-sized enterprises. So
it is up to those of us with a say at EU level to put this right. It meant that there was an unfair market distortion which was damaging to EU telecom suppliers and that there was a loss of Member State
revenue. The província esquecida, or forgotten province of Portugal, as it was then known, conjured up a picture of a beautiful, remote Pacific island, an exotic mix of East and West producing a unique
Catholic cultural heritage. Indeed, the balanced result achieved by the Luxembourg Presidency makes the procedure for excessive deficits more flexible, but at the same time includes increased surveillance
of budgetary positions, with the simple, but sensible and honest, idea that we need to save during good times in order to face the lean times. But we must also examine carefully how this area, focused on
manual work, can be defined and delimited. My constituents expect a different approach and want the Europe 2020 strategy to usher in a green new deal, a 21st century green revolution which will reconcile
human development with the physical limitations of the earth. I have seen that the European Commission indeed plans to implement this right to family life, and we want to support that 100 %. I hope he is
feeling alright. I would like to express my sincere thanks to the European Parliament for supporting us in this absolutely crucial issue, which is also one of the keys to credibility. This solution is not
only based on making the public authorities face up to their responsibilities, but the Roma communities as well. Nobody in his right mind could explain this to a European citizen. This is taking it much
too far. Furthermore, closer relations will only really be achieved by reducing the restrictions on border traffic, with student and pupil exchange programmes, and by facilitating the movement of researchers,
investigators, artists, entrepreneurs and journalists. The rule in our speeches is to try to make a contribution to the reports. Paragraph 12, therefore, must absolutely not be included in the text. For me,
in any case, this is also one of the most important points. The placing on the market and use of feed for animals (debate) Information provision and promotion measures for agricultural products (debate) Comparing
the differences between the Gothenburg Protocol and the Commission' s proposal with regard to the effects on health, the annual reduction levels proposed by the Commission would save the lives of as many
as four thousand people a year in Europe. Currently there are over 1 million Hutu refugees and more than 160, 000 displaced Zaireans who urgently require food aid and medical assistance. Mr President, the
lesson of the Iraq war is not that we should copy the United States and devise our own foreign policy, involving our own superstate army and military-industrial complex. That allows me to be very brief
since the core elements of the report have not changed very much. Mr President, I presume that you, as a neighbour from the region, although from another country, are aware of the heavy rains and violent
winds experienced in Malaga from 31 January to 5 February. If the research work would not otherwise be undertaken, then this is probably because the expected payoff from the research is too small to justify
the expenditure. I should like to thank my colleague Mr Paasilinna most sincerely for his commitment to this matter, and also the Commissioner, who has always strongly supported this. Europe must regain
a human dimension. In that context, the EU could contribute by devoting financial means at its disposal to the support of related programmes. It is so scandalous that some distinguished candidates have given
up their legitimate aspirations, ashamed of the horse-trading that the negotiations on appointments have become. I believe, therefore, that Parliament’s authority lies not in repeating resolutions but rather
in ensuring that its resolutions are properly followed up. "I know that there has been a great deal of debate in Scotland and Wales recently about European regional funding. That is your rapporteur’s theory. Apart
from a complete ban on job losses upon large companies which are making a profit, all other action is mere posturing. We find that gas-steam power stations are cheaper than nuclear power stations. I think
that we in Europe might learn a lot from his example. Mr President, all MEPs are entitled to be treated equally, whether they are part of a large political group or are here as sole representatives of a
group of electors. Assistance for less affluent regions embodies the spirit of solidarity and is in the interest of the EU as a whole. I believe that this bottom-up form of monitoring is very important. That
has, however, nothing to do with the qualities of the rapporteur, whom I thank once again. It is hard not to ask the question why this has happened, and why the elections did not result in a better life
for Congo. If the great work, the framework Directive on water, is to succeed, then it is very important to monitor the pollution of the maritime environment effectively. The conflict between the Commission's
directive and the Council's framework decision over 'penalising' Article 174 of the Treaty gives rise to the question: who does what in Europe? On the other hand, it makes for well designed legislation. From
the Commission's side, we will deliver our formal opinion very shortly after Parliament requires us to do so. The country is an extremely attractive destination for European tourists, yet it also has problems
to contend with. Net receivers and net contributors ought to remember that security is more important than subsidies. I think that the region as a whole needs to be able to feel at home in Europe. Essentially
you are undermining this Parliament's credibility, and that is one of the reasons - I am thinking of the previous resolution - why even when it has credibility and a well-documented case it is not taken
seriously. I am therefore pleased with the agreement on a joint text, reached on 23 May this year at the Conciliation Committee. I believe that the Green Paper presented by Mr Mandelson can form a good basis
for further discussion. I believe, therefore, that we need to strike a balance here. First of all, public health cannot take second place to job considerations. That is madness! It is no accident that research
and innovation lie at the heart of the Europe 2020 initiative. Ladies and gentlemen, you will all receive your own copy of these recommendations. Finally, I should like to say, Commissioner, that I appreciate
the work that you have put into these negotiations, because the European Parliament wants its voice to be heard, and at the moment the Council does not seem to be listening to our basic arguments. I would
like to give just a few examples of where things must definitely get better. The potential benefits of European contract law to the Internal Market have been discussed for a good many years. It should also
be remembered, however, that no one voluntarily relinquishes power, and that applies to both men and women. The First Step Forum, an NGO committed to religious freedom, will be visiting Turkey in the next
few weeks. Mr President, allow me first to express my sincere thanks to both rapporteurs. With respect to Amendment 6 of the recommendation for second reading, as adopted by the Industry, External Trade,
Research and Energy Committee, the Commission cannot support the amendment to Article 8. However, the information was classified, and the factory was only closed after the Communist system had collapsed. A
noticeable and significant improvement in the living conditions in urban areas will be seen through the full implementation of existing legislative instruments. The austerity of convergence criteria has
not enabled us to escape from the spiral of unemployment. For Christian Europe, he writes, man is essentially a praying being, that is to say, a being able to enter a dialogue, to conceive of the infinite
and to talk to God. We thank you very much for creating that. As much for the avoidance of misunderstandings as for any other reason, I would like to re-emphasise the fact that we are not calling for any
sort of general preventive vaccination of the sort that was customary prior to 1992, but for emergency vaccination, allowing the animals to live, to be the means of first resort when it comes to containing
any outbreak of FMD. However, it is clear that we are not researching the effect of drugs in these cases. At least the IGC will then have served some useful purpose. With good conservation and better practices,
we could give a better living to more people involved in fishing. Mr President, thank you very much for giving me the floor on this important subject. As you know, Mr Gilles de Kerchove was recently appointed
as the new EU Anti-Terrorism Coordinator, and like his predecessors he will be available to give this House all the information it requires. Since May 1999, that is to say, since the entry into force of
the Treaty of Amsterdam itself, this report has also contained the acts for which the Council does not act in its capacity as a legislative body, except for certain acts of limited importance, such as
decisions of a procedural nature. These amendments must be seen in the whole context of the data-protection scheme. I do not approve of that and neither do you. This could be very damaging to European aviation
without achieving the goal of a reduction in harmful gas emissions. It follows that small and medium-sized enterprises must be released from the shackles of tax meddling and red tape; simple rules are needed
so that monetary values actually correspond to what exists in terms of industrial or service assets; and an investment policy must be launched, but it must be a viable one. The challenge that the Désir
report sets the European Parliament is to make world trade more free but also more equitable and sustainable under a multilateral system and within the auspices of a reformed WTO. He claims that ‘it is
an appetiser’, but we would be wrong to think that this is merely cosmetic. This means that we now have a transition period in which we also have to examine whether the proposed measures actually work. Initial
thoughts will be developed in preparation for a summit of heads of State and Governments due in the first half of 1998. We must make use of our capacity for prevention and action in order to show solidarity. Such
possibilities were simply not available on the same scale in the past. Our principal disagreement concerns the way it addresses a pseudo-balance in interlinking so-called 'competition law' with media law,
in that experience has shown that the interests of capital outweigh all rights and freedoms, including freedom of expression in the media, very often calling pluralism into question. It is also an important
precondition for the seamless continuation of structural policy as from 1 January 2000. At the end of the day, when financial conglomerates that are too big to fail come into being, not only does this increase
the moral hazard of the institutes concerned, but the economic and financial policies of the States concerned are also faced with new risks. Regardless of national protection of fundamental rights and of
women' s rights in particular, it should be noted that the Community has been working on a policy to promote equality between the sexes since 1975. Mr Levi, formerly Spokesman for the Commission, has been
appointed Director of the Forward Studies Unit. Preparing the volunteers linguistically, psychologically and socially, ensuring that they are not exploited, and that they are not taking paid jobs away from
local people - all these problems need to be smoothed out. Nobody ever complained about this in the past twenty years, even though it was most anti-democratic. In this, the European Union has shown Malta
understanding and generosity with, for example, transitional periods in such sensitive areas as shipyards, second residences, even in the question of its desired tax exemptions and of course also with
the possibility of agricultural subsidies. You are Italian, I am French, I respect you as an Italian. I hope this will provide a new stimulus to intensify action against human trafficking. Through the negotiations
we had many discussions with NGOs and industry and came up with a proposal which is excellent. In order to discuss these questions the Commission issued a communication, on 11 July 2001 on the protection
of pedestrians. We need to consider how the situation should be handled in order to ensure that we do not end up with just one supplier, who then decides on the conditions for access to content on the web. This
European culture is not something new, as many people think, but it is the rediscovery of something that is much older than the nation states, Mr Heaton-Harris. Mr President, I would like to make a short
statement - which I had intended to make yesterday - about events yesterday at Charles de Gaulle Airport. Worded in such a way, this right of parents is universally recognised in international law. The third
time it has been harder. Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, at this stage of European Union, I think the institutional question can be summarised as the mother of all questions. I hope that the House
will understand the reasons and not press the matter. A date which many are looking forward to. We need a pan-European approach to this issue. Also, the parliament controls the government's annual budget. I
do not think anybody loses - and, perhaps, nobody wins - in terms of a zero-sum game. The system must therefore be leaner, more transparent and more efficient. The fact is that we, not only in our capacities
as MEPs, never stop trying to advance these things and to motivate them, yet the Commission does nothing about making immediate arrangements for the funding of these bodies to be continued. It should seek
the participation and contribution of civil society, including in an effort to introduce people to healthy habits and healthy lifestyles. Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the report which
I have the honour to present contains the message we wish to send to the Conference to be held in Maastricht from tomorrow on the very subject which we are debating this evening. This is something that
needs to be kept in mind both when planning shipping routes and when drilling for oil. I am not being alarmist. Mr Santini, who has just spoken, has shown what this is all about. In particular, renewable
energies need to be promoted throughout Europe. That is why some fundamental thinking about agencies and the shape they take is to be recommended. I hope, moreover, that the investment and spending that
have had to be made as a result of the disastrous forest fires and droughts are at least factored in when calculating the budget deficit. Mr President, firstly I wish to thank Commissioners Schreyer and
Kinnock for their successful reform of the Commission and the reshaping of the Financial Regulation connected with it. None of us wants to see any sort of similar crisis taking place in the banking sector
in the future. Amendment No 5 concerns three questions: the submission to Parliament of a report on the decision's implementation, the time limit for this report, and the reviewing of the decision. The committee
goes far beyond a mere free internal market by proposing harmonization of VAT legislation, common regulations for the taxation of capital and uniform regulations for the area of company law, introduction
of the common currency and a common economic policy. With regard to the Palestinian elections, we must support the desire of the Palestinian people to have political leaders who are representative and who
have greater democratic legitimacy - which we must now acknowledge - and we must do everything in our power to ensure that these elections are able to take place as they should. It has gone well beyond
that point because the Ukrainian authorities have overlooked the correct legal procedures and taken measures that violate the rule of law. In the last year, Mr Voggenhuber, Mrs McCarthy, Mr Schiedermeier,
Mrs Pack and many others have been attacked in Brussels. The reason is that we are trying to help build a harmonious society in those countries also, and the 'feminine influence' tends to promote peace. That
explains how you led the negotiations to such a successful conclusion last weekend. On the whole, I think that Eurobonds are not a miracle solution. One positive thing that came out of the summit was that
everyone, including the most die-hard supporters of unrestrained enlargement, is now agreed that a period of reflection is what is called for before we hurtle down the path we have chosen. It is reassuring
to establish that that country’s key political parties have joined forces in order to guide their country into the European Union together. &#160;&#160; – Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen,
competition will of course be distorted if, for example, there is access to the electricity market but not to the gas market. Each Member State can decide itself whether to join an international convention
devoted to matters that do not fall within the exclusive competence of the Community. Although public subsidies have been increased in recent years, the total amount available is insufficient. The situation
is at its worst in southern and sub-Saharan Africa, and also in Asia. Perhaps we can take that as a reason to hope that the Commission might stir itself into life, which, in view of the fact that time is
now running out, is precisely what it needs to do; many regulations will lapse at the end of the year, and, if we fail to reach agreement, our legal position will be a precarious one. It will lead to closer
integration between Moldova and the EU. We have stressed the need, through CITES, to ensure the support and cooperation of local and rural communities in managing wild fauna and flora resources, and consequently
in combating illegal trade in them. The report rightly stresses that the basis for local employment initiatives - partnership, participation and autonomous planning - is very important in combatting unemployment,
and it should be strengthened. These limits, however, only apply from 2016 to new and existing plants. Together with the implementation of this report, these priorities should contribute to an increase in
the supply of labour. I realise that although the EU’s role is modest for the time being, it can nevertheless help determine the quality of democracy in future. However, the AKP's mildly Islamist leanings
also give rise to concern in the views of some, and the party's popularity tends to indicate a fundamental paradigm shift in the nature of Turkish society. We are now discussing our third resolution in
this House and we gave our agreement to time-limited protection measures a long time ago. Mr President, EU federalists aim to increase transnational decision-making. There have been estimates that in the
next two years we will require half a million extra people in IT jobs. The Commission is being weakened. I am delighted to say that Parliament has modified the draft directive considerably and has been supported
in this by the Council of Ministers. So please can we have proper disclosed coordination of the response? Can it be acceptable then, given that the European Union body responsible judged it the right time
to lift the ban, that individual states, without producing and publishing a clear justification in terms of food safety, should maintain the beef ban This decision by the French government last week comes
as a particularly bitter further blow to Scotland' s beef farmers, whose herds are predominantly grass-fed and did not have a BSE problem in the first place. Secondly, the high grain and animal feed prices
point to the emergence of a shortage of protein in the European Union, on which Mr Häusling will draft a report. In any case, it is clear to me personally, that Europe and the international community can
no longer stand by and watch, while the acts of violence and massacres in Kosovo continue. We must not be taken in by this. I would also like to thank Mr Zappalá for the constructive manner in which he has
tried eventually to put the complex proposals that were before us into what is, hopefully, a workable and improved shape by means of compromise amendments. I spoke before briefly about SEM 2000, where very
promising work is being carried out, and I also state that in the Member States they are preparing more and more for the consequences. The Charter of Citizens' Rights can only be of interest if the method
behind its preparation is open and transparent. As Martin&#160;Buber once said, everyone is called to bring something in this world to completion. But we should welcome it because, at last, we do seem to
be worrying about it. I guarantee once again: this new Toy Safety Directive will be in place by the end of the year. This is also an essential point of consideration for the new version of the structural
regulation from 2000. At the moment the law states that the charges that apply to a domestic transfer of money - i.e. cash withdrawals from cash dispensers - must be the same as those applied across borders. We
have seen that threat in this debate today. Although that is, of course, a very commendable goal, it is just a little strange that the source of such sentiments should be the Finnish Government which wants
the Finnish Parliament to ratify the moribund European Constitution no matter what, even though this Constitution, following the French and Dutch referendums, is no longer of any legal or democratic-political
value whatsoever. Mr Karlsson, this is something that apart from causing our citizens, officials and institutions unnecessary harm, gives the impression that the Court of Auditors is a political body that
is accountable to the electors through public opinion. This problem affects not only the health of products, but also their quality. However, in many cases, we simply pay lip-service to this undertaking,
which is formulated several times in the Helsinki Headline Goal as well as elsewhere. Consequently, a solution to the political impasse, political responsibility and political dialogue are what will help
the political leaders find a rapid solution to the problems facing Albania. We have of course payments coming in which clearly come from various countries. The issue is one of drawing a moral and ethical
line between the new possibilities and dangers stemming from the rapid developments in medicine and biology. I know that Mr Barrot has been to Poland, where he held talks in Frontex and also visited the
part of the EU's external border for which Poland is responsible. Prolonging the suffering of the Palestinian people, destroying infrastructures and civilian houses and keeping President Arafat segregated
will serve only to exacerbate the suffering and insecurity of both peoples and will destroy any possibility of peace. The Harrison report which the European Parliament has just adopted on the impact of
monetary policies on the real economy provides very, and no doubt deliberately, contradictory indications behind which it is possible to discern a very clear intent: to change the centre of gravity of
the monetary union, and indeed of the Union as such, by giving greater powers to the Community institutions, and especially to the European Parliament. A number of these elements have been mentioned in
the Commission's document in connection with investing in quality, but this aspect came to an abrupt end with the indicators that were developed afterwards by the Belgians. I regret this all the more, given
that, following the loss of the Erika, our Parliament had marked itself out by its non-partisan work. Mr President, this is the first time that these three programmes have been bunched together in this
way, creating a Europe of knowledge. The crime in question had to be recognised as such and a proper legal system had to be recognised in the country requesting extradition. We have responsibilities in the
European Union to uphold women's rights across the globe. We are still waiting for this statute. It is for that reason that I reject your Commission. The Commission has been extremely active in this field
and the e-Europe programme presented by the Commission and whose action plan will be approved at the Feira European Council in June provides new guidelines for this area and a new reorientation of Community
policies on this issue. That would make a huge difference. I welcome with open arms the fact that both underlined the European Union' s desire to try harder to resolve the Cyprus question. Phasing out nuclear
power in the way and at a pace that is being planned in today's Europe is a secure way of getting increased CO2 emissions. A further argument is that local inshore fishing is usually adversely affected. However,
I should like to remind you that wild salmon is in the process of disappearing from the Baltic Sea, a sea which receives special treatment from the Commission. In the context of the European elections I
would like to stress the importance of voters of both genders making an effort to ensure that women are represented at the European Parliament in the greatest possible numbers. Two fundamental objectives
are to try to ensure that social differences are not made worse by the economic policies that currently prevail in that region and to try to ensure that the parliaments help with the integration of the
area, which would be beneficial to all. The incentives set up by the Commission do nothing to hide this. I believe that this institution must have the necessary financial and human resources to enable it
to effectively and fully carry out its mission. Ten months after this tragedy, a cholera epidemic broke out on the island and has claimed 3 333 lives to date. Now, this was objected to on the grounds that
we in the European Parliament needed to send another very strong signal to Madrid. The issue most talked about nowadays in this connection is that of climate change. Three factors have come together. What
is everyone afraid of? In Europe we have come so far - I only need to mention the implementation of Schengen, meaning that there are no longer any controls at the vast majority of borders - that nothing
else is simply good enough anymore. Ladies and gentlemen, the proposal for a directive does indeed, as many speakers have already said, represent an historic chance to simplify and improve the jumble of
piecemeal EU regulations and directives and achieve a high level of environmental protection in Europe. Therefore, nuclear safety assessments, research and checks must be continuous. We need to support civil
society in these countries, its democratic action and its demand for more freedom. It also means that extra efforts have to be made in the area of reimbursement of funds paid either in excess or in error,
which amount to the tidy sum of EUR 3 billion. I welcome the fact that in line with my own amendments, Members will have to declare in a register what financial interests they have apart from representing
Europe's citizens. In particular, I appreciated the reference to quality as a foundation on which to build everything else. Europe is rapidly losing ground in the world ICT market. However, the Department
of the Marine, Louth County Council and Drogheda Corporation have allowed the development of a new port in the SPA and even the elimination of a mudflat at Stegrennan recently added to the SPA specifically
at the Commission's insistence. Mr President, I have taken the floor for personal reasons, to apologise for interrupting you. We believe that the difference in standard of living between the north and the
rest of the country is one of the fundamental causes, as well as the consequence, of the persistent instability and insecurity. Unfortunately, whilst the Commission’s proposal is a good one on many levels,
there is a glaring gap in this area. According to László Andor, Commissioner for Employment, Social Affairs and Inclusion, the number of retired people will double by 2060 in relation to the active population
able to finance pensions. We have also tightened up the arrangement for the accommodation of ships in distress. With regard to epidemiological surveillance: I accept Amendment No 15 to Article 7, introducing
the mandatory use of the rapid diagnostic tests in the annual monitoring programme. I would ask you, Madam President, to ask the mayor of Strasbourg whether she might be able to arrange for us to receive
a Dutch station here in Parliament, so that we can follow the news in the Netherlands. To do that, however, we need to achieve that objective. It is a compromise in the noble sense of the word, that is,
it is the synthesis of a series of innovative incentives and concepts that first came from the European Commission and then from the Members of the European Parliament, especially the Committee on Legal
Affairs, in collaboration with the insurance companies and consumer organizations that I referred to just now. MARAD has reported many of the ships to be in a deteriorating condition. Madam President, I
was not aware that idealism was the dominant philosophy in the European Parliament. Could the Commission also comment on the lack of effectiveness of the present inspectorate in this regard? Pillar II issues
have to be addressed to the Member States but, given our related responsibilities under Pillar I, we take an interest. It is only by tackling the root causes together - that is to say, unsustainable use
of resources - through investing in low-carbon and eco-friendly production and products, that we will be able to build a better future. However, many other steps need to be taken to prevent a recurrence
of the truly immoral situations of the recent past, which have damaged economies, shareholders, depositors, taxpayers and the credibility of the system. According to our information, this is not the case. We
would have liked to see the Council putting its legislative money where its mouth is and building the dynamic, open economy we were promised at Lisbon. As it is a plan for multiannual legislation, it is
going to be the responsibility of the Spanish Government to draw it up, which will have to be supported subsequently by the Belgian and Hungarian presidencies in defining the legislation and implementing
the objectives of the Stockholm Programme. This report could be an action plan standard for new Member States. There is a lack of proposals in this area and improvements have to come. The European Commission
has acknowledged the key role played by rail freight transport since 2001. With regard to structural policies, I still support the idea that areas leaving Objective 1 should be given a transitional period
in which to adjust. We hope the resolution from the Committee on Constitutional Affairs, and hence from Parliament as a whole, will also help to make you more convinced than you are this morning and, in
the meantime, we look forward to our meeting of 20 March with the representatives of the national parliaments of both Member States and candidate countries. In these three years we have several times in
this House debated problems of redundancies, mergers and company relocations, but the Council has never assumed any responsibility, has never had the courage to face up to this subject and make a decision,
adding something to the laws and other instruments that the Union has and can use to strengthen its own intervention regarding companies' social responsibilities. They should be dealt with jointly in a
part-session with as much publicity as possible. The European Union alone imports more agricultural produce from the developing countries than do the USA, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and Japan put together. Let
me reiterate what has been said here, namely that appropriate national institutions - a central bank, commercial banks, banking authorities, etc. have to be created. The Liberal Group is totally against
the setting up of a new administrative body that will further increase European bureaucracy. In particular, this report emphasises the need to combat certain loopholes arising in the transition from one
parliament to the next. &#160;&#160; .I abstained from voting on this text. We want Croatia to be in the European Union by next year or, at the latest, the year after that. Madam President, firstly, I would
like to offer my congratulations to Mr Cunha, who has worked with a great deal of enthusiasm on this report. Mr Coelho quite rightly drew attention to the fact that when we are 25 countries in the EU -
and later on 27 or 28 - it will be even more challenging. I still repeat that the Council is not responsible for how Member States handle their bilateral relations with different countries, and that it
is not aware of everything that goes on. In most of the EU's mountainous regions we are seeing a process of depopulation, a fall in the level of activity of the people who remain there and an abandonment
of agricultural activity. At the same time, mobility is increasing. This, in my view, is a tough target, but it should be possible to achieve it. Is Russia part of the neighbourhood policy or do we have an
EU/Russia policy that is distinct? I have always been opposed to this process, not only for socioeconomic reasons and for reasons of quality and concerns about guarantees of public service provision, but
also because this sector is of strategic importance to development, which affects the independence, sovereignty and security of energy. The second important aspect is the Internal Stability Pact. We are
not trying to play the high-handed human rights idealists who are against realpolitik and interests. It would be wrong to defend democracy by undermining it. In this context, all the Community measures favouring
this effort, and specifically the continuation of the Fiscalis programme, which has been updated and strengthened under the proposals put forward by the European Parliament, which also apply to the candidate
countries, are correct, welcome and are measures that we can support. That will not achieve results. Was it necessary, is it necessary, regardless of the suffering of the human victims and their families,
regardless of the citizens of Europe as a whole, to prevent for mercenary reasons, as I have understood in my group, the condemnation of Great Britain as responsible? rapporteur. - (ES) Madam President,
briefly I would like to reiterate my thanks to all those who have played a part in this already lengthy debate process on the telecommunications package: the Commissioner, the other rapporteurs; in short,
all those who have been involved besides the Presidency-in-Office of the Council. We have so many times heard that something is going to happen and nothing has happened. The BONUS programme has already shown
its potential to contribute to monitoring the Baltic environment and therefore it is necessary to continue to actively research the condition of the Baltic Sea. We do not subscribe to your project. Of course
once again these noble words have been followed by scant action. In conclusion we very much look forward to hearing your responses this evening and also your reassurance that the reforms are proceeding
to plan as you would wish. The authors of this report have laid an egg and I suggest they scramble it. The free movement of workers, however, is definitely not, and cannot be, the source of these problems. Europe's
demographic crisis suggests that we should consider whether we are satisfied with legal provisions that promise a relatively good deal despite uncertainty as to the existence of sufficient financial backing
to enable those promises to be met. The situation in the Middle East is more a case of the glass being half-empty than half-full. So I believe these were very important activities and I very much hope that
after today's meeting in Parliament - because it is followed by both sides - there will be additional encouragement to resolve the issue. I know that the Bureau has now adopted a report of activities with
a view to the European elections. But I do not think it is all that realistic to insist that the list of substances cannot be made public. In the German version, paragraph 2 of the resolution has been translated
rather misleadingly and I urgently ask for clarification, which I would also like to see in the printed version later. Now I agree with those who stated that the Council did not act appropriately with the
European Parliament, but I believe that the message sent out by the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs last week taught the Council a lesson, a lesson that was clearly understood. While
I carefully monitor the adoption of measures in this regard, I am aware that there are legal relationships that, because of their nature, are more likely to call on the laws of more than one country. It
is clear that this leads to a Constitutional process. Problems with this cannot be allowed to continue and we must find another way to help in both the short and the long term. Mr President, Mr Kallas, this
is a directive that affects all customs formalities that apply to ships arriving in or departing from ports. Against this backdrop, we bear a special responsibility, particularly regarding international
transport, and we have duly taken this on. With regard to the future, the Council noted that work within the Commission should shortly lead to the publication of a communication on the safety of oil tankers
and of new proposals to strengthen controls, together with provisions on the qualifications of inspecting agencies. Article 7 of EC-Turkey Association Council Decision No 1/95 of 22 December 1995 on implementing
the final phase of customs union provides that import, export and transit bans or restrictions are admissible for, among other things, reasons of public law and order and security. Without them, the free
trade area is in danger of becoming the symbol of the Euromed misunderstanding. Member of the Commission. - Of course there is no other way than to look at the global context. Lastly, I would like to remind
you of Spain’s history. First, the Commission has started to implement the Council regulation that establishes an instrument of financial assistance for encouraging the economic development of the Turkish
Cypriot community. Mr President, despite the brave efforts, all the palaver with the resignation of the Commission, the replacement and hearings of the Commissioners did not succeed in blotting out the
crux of the problem. Indeed, we want competitiveness and social cohesion to go hand in hand as the two sides of the same coin of integrated development of a society. That is why I really can only beg you
from my heart to have the courage tomorrow to implement this report. You will lose some friends in the upper echelons, but you will gain in terms of people’s confidence in you and in terms of support for
European cooperation. I intend to focus on foreign and security policy aspects which the European Parliament may care to recommend to the Gothenburg Council. We have already gone well beyond the scheduled
finishing time for this debate. Joining the euro area is not just an economic step, but also a political one. Before concluding, I note that Mrs McCarthy has tabled three amendments on behalf of her committee
relating to the new regulatory procedure with scrutiny. That is normally the responsibility of the party granting the loan. We call on every political group in this House to support this approach and expect
the Commission and the Council to respect our view and to act accordingly. I think we have had an exceptional situation today, but at the same time, ladies and gentlemen, I make that undertaking. With regard
to the issue of extending the scope of the Unfair Commercial Practices Directive, I can, however, confirm to Mrs McCarthy that this Directive does not cover the cases described by the Committee on Internal
Market and Consumer Protection. That should certainly not be allowed to happen. Yet a debate is something more than just a web page. This is why I am saying that, yes, Herman Van Rompuy and Cathy Ashton have
been elected, but now they need to get on with their jobs and the Commission has to be set up. A long-term commitment through a renewed partnership with LDCs containing suitable measures is fundamental
in a rapidly changing world. It defends the common interest, and it must continue to fulfil it. I will start with simplification. You will have an opportunity to discuss the Irish presidency's programme,
but I can tell you - because I was in Ireland yesterday - that the Irish presidency is very determined to conclude the discussions within the Council of Finance Ministers in order to ensure that the financing
of the fourteen priority networks can be definitively concluded within a short time, under the Irish presidency. That is the great opportunity. This Commission has no fear of any findings. However, these
provisions are not binding, as the Commission has reminded us, and this is the point. That is the very thing that is now being prematurely ended. In recent years, the world has witnessed a significant rise
in disasters, in terms of both the geographic area affected and the number of victims. Naturally we are speaking and have spoken here about Brazil's importance politically and economically, and as regards
the environment and energy, which are fundamental realities in the contemporary world which we cannot ignore. We also hope that the EU can eventually contribute to a reconstruction programme in the region. OLAF
will soon be celebrating its 10th anniversary. However, the UK Government has not signed up to the agreement since it could conflict with existing UK legislation on tobacco smuggling. However, they are overwhelming
citizens with brutal austerity programmes and allowing the perpetrators to get off scot-free. In fact, Community funding will act as a catalyst. Let me give you a single example: the average duration of
the codecision procedure is 480 days, while the average duration of the co-operation procedure has been and is 520 days. Commission studies setting out all of its activities in this area, comparing measures
and funding systems in the different Member States and assessing their relative effectiveness; -compulsory training for teachers and young people, guaranteeing at the same time technical support accessible
to everyone; -strengthening the Community budget, setting up a sub-title in this area and the framework programme and transferring to the development of content some of which has already been earmarked
for infrastructures; -stimulating national inter-school and university networks, creating economies of scale; -giving incentives to associations between enterprises and teaching establishments through
tax breaks and other means to stimulate the quality of production and build this very important bridge between education and leisure.What we must do, Mr President, Commissioner, is make sure that the communication
and information technologies - which we should now stop calling 'new technologies' - should not be seen as an end but as a means for selecting and communicating knowledge. We all know, after all, how outraged
and shocked the people of Belgium were by the calvary of Julie, Mélissa, Ann and Eefje, not to mention many other children whose fate is still unknown but for whom, sadly, one can only fear the worst. We
must, however, treat Turkey just as fairly as all the other countries seeking accession to the EU despite the fact that our ability to receive them has weakened. Tunisia is a recipient of large amounts
of European Union aid, and you say in your answer to me that there are obligations under international law which you consider they should be respecting at this time. Currently, the financial and economic
crisis is changing into a social crisis and an employment crisis. The EU should only have limited competence within these areas. Following the Commission’s reply to the honourable Member’s question earlier
this year, we have asked the Irish authorities for clarification as to the implementation in Ireland of Directive 96/71/EC. I conclude by saying that in our Parliament we need to network with the national
parliaments, the Council needs to give us the lead through the heads of state in each of the Member States and last, the Commission can produce guidelines so that we know what course this debate will follow. Our
policy, or resolution, is all about ending rejection, ending the concept of a scrap-heap, ending stigma where disability is concerned. We have to show these farmers that sustainability has benefits for
them, too, by paying them compensation or offering them other ways of earning a living. Let me add another observation on terrorism, this one from Avi Shlaim, writing in today's Herald Tribune: 'The real
obstacle to peace is Sharon, not Arafat.' We hope above all - and the last fortnight has given us some encouraging signs - that the Presidency will make plenty of contacts with the European Parliament and
take our proposals seriously. EUR 5 billion for strategic energy projects and broadband Internet. I would like to see transparency being used as a tool to achieve effectiveness and that the latter always
prevails. Their current appeals for action therefore seem strange. I hope that the private sector that has been established, with the Learning Industry Group, can make an important contribution to this. This
is a perfectly relevant subject for discussion at European level - I addressed it myself as the author of an opinion on flexicurity. Oil, the great resource that is draining the citizens of Equatorial Guinea,
is now the crux of the matter and the source of the strength of President Obiang Nguema's regime. Mr President, I just want to take advantage of your welcome to the delegation by pointing out that the House
also has the pleasure of welcoming the heads of the Austrian anti-racist associations who are honouring us with a visit. It is therefore not for the Community institutions to act in place of the Member
States and to prescribe for them the measures which they must adopt and effectively apply in order to safeguard the free movement of goods on their territories. This is something we must especially ensure:
accessibility to medicines that come onto the market. I will give you some examples. Education does not have to be multicultural as stated in this report; it only has to be of good quality. I would like regions
to be able to help build a federal Europe, a federal Europe that is often curbed by the Member States themselves. Along with the Serbian population, the Western world would be only too happy with such a
switch in power in Belgrade. Secondly, it has created an Agency which is being given authority, competences, responsibility and the capacity to coordinate, which I believe is an extraordinary victory for
the citizens. We are of the view that this discretion does not extend to an eight-year delay, which is what we are talking about here. Mr President, let me first of all thank the European Parliament for
having taken the initiative to deliver an opinion on the Davignon report and subsequent developments in the dossier on the European company statute within the Council. Mr President, I declare an interest
as a working farmer. I should like to finish off by saying to the rapporteur that gay marriage does not exist in the Netherlands. These citizens are important users of public transport and they depend on
us in the European Parliament to get it right. Consequently, the next logical and inevitable step - if a breakdown of the monetary union project is to be avoided - is to establish a real federal structure. Furthermore,
such ageing is inevitable. It enables us to find a solution as far as this category of foods is concerned, and I believe that these two amendments propose an acceptable solution. International cooperation
is also needed to tackle the underlying causes breeding murderous and suicidal fanaticism. Despite this, the Commission will continue in 2009 with cooperation in areas of common interest, especially in
the fight against the drugs trade. We must therefore forge ahead with the promotion of the necessary research projects. I am thinking in particular of young people. Those governments tend to take a minimalist
position on the European role in public health and on the whole it has been far too negative and far too blinkered. We also have to ensure that this forthcoming services directive, which, after the elections
in June, the elected Parliament will be debating, does nothing to promote dumping, something that was spoken of here, but adopts the laws and decrees of the country in which the services are being produced. The
Council finds that the accounts provide a correct picture of the Union's income and expenditure, even though in terms of the information they provide there is room for improvement. Finally, a parallel should
also be drawn with cases where the Commission has not authorised state aid and even ordered recovery of illegal state aid in other Member States. Are there any objections to the oral amendment? That is why
those European countries that were against taking the problem before the International Court of Justice on the grounds that it would hamper the peace efforts were perfectly right. In 2006, as you know,
the Court of Justice annulled the cotton reform that we agreed in 2004, ruling that it was in breach of the proportionality principle. The second part of the Commission proposal concerns expenditure which
is not eligible for full deduction of VAT. But for us the crucial problem is how we can prepare the EU structures for enlargement. That is why we have agreed on four major information themes for 2003 to
2004 after the big campaign on the euro: enlargement, the future of the Union, the area of freedom, security and justice and the role of Europe in the world. While the building of infrastructure can be
an important factor in sustainable development, it is also important that social and environmental considerations be borne in mind, and so we urge the Commission to have an environmental impact assessment
carried out on every project receiving financial support from the EU and made available to the public. First, will the Austrian Presidency pass on to the next Presidency of the Council of the Union, namely,
the German Presidency, the concerns being voiced by the European Parliament in relation to the conflict in Western Sahara? We are terribly concerned about this situation and this joint emergency motion
for a resolution is proof of our concern. (FR) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, with regard to Amendment 21, which I have tabled, I should first like to thank all my fellow Members for having supported
me in tabling an amendment which lays down the principle of establishing a carbon tax at the borders of the EU. It must not lead to extra burdens that banks and borrowers will find unfair, disproportionate
and uncontainable, nor must it hamper employment and innovation. I also hold the report by Mr&#160;Sterckx in high regard. Also unacceptable is the idea that abortion should become a method of contraception,
and we are certain that, for the protection of health, any product deemed to be medicinal should be available at an accessible price and be supplied on a medical prescription. What has most depressed me
about the international scene over the years is that, in practice, our ability to deliver humanitarian relief rapidly in the most unpromising circumstances has increased a great deal more than our ability
to prevent that humanitarian assistance being necessary in the first place. But if the European Union and the European Parliament want to appear credible and not to drive frustrated citizens, living in
fear for their jobs, into the arms of glib populists, the beneficial effects of the introduction of the euro must be felt not only by industry but also, and especially, by the workers of social Europe. Secondly,
good projects must be set up and developed in a professional and intelligent manner. This will be a particularly decisive question when elections are held in autumn. However, in my opinion, this report has
one fundamental flaw: it makes a distinction between pornography that is supposed to be acceptable and child pornography, which is the only type that is supposed to be reprehensible. What we do know is
that the expectations raised by the introduction of the special rules were met – if at all – only in part. The problem in Slovakia is that the chairs of the parliamentary committees and the entire membership
of the investigative committees are monopolized by the governing party, which is not the case in Croatia - quite the reverse. Whilst respecting the right of all nations to self-determination, as the established
primary donor, the European Union has to be able to meet the expectations of people on the ground. Once again, I would like to thank the Commissioner, particularly for the explanations he has given, as
well as my colleagues and my co-workers, who have done most of the work. Seen in this light, the dialogue with Iran is an important tool for encouraging the democratic process, and we are determined to
pursue this dialogue, which was initiated in December 2002 to consider in particular human rights. They have been referred to but it is as well that I should mention them. I therefore voted in favour of
the report on the CARS 21 initiative. I cannot be totally responsible for the way tabloid newspapers report things but I am still saying that I stand by what I said. Prior impact assessment of new legislation
is a very important means to this end. The Commission and the European Union as a whole fully support the African mediation launched by President Kufuor and continued by Kofi Annan, thanks to Graça Machel
and Benjamin Mkapa. The Commission has always undertaken the duties and responsibilities it has been given in an even-handed and fair manner. Experts say that 100 kilograms of anthrax released from the top
of a tall building could kill up to 3 million people. - European Council report and Commission statement – European Council meeting (Brussels, 25-26 March 2004) and I am not saying that it is your fault. The
anti-drugs strategy should be regarded as a form of social intervention concentrating on the reasons for social unrest with a view to preventing drugs use by refining a strategy of repression which is
currently targeted solely at drug users. The agreement negotiated with the Swiss authorities by the Commission is quite adequate: it extends the benefits of the programmes to Switzerland, while safeguarding
the financial and other interests of the EU. Some chance, I would suggest! the need for the Member States to pay particular attention to workers' rights, specifically where health is concerned, when mines
or production plants are closed; We have the euro area, but we do not have a European economic, fiscal and social policy. That is why we are insisting that we have to have a better balance on this. We often
hear Turkish politicians say that tougher demands are being made upon Turkey than upon other countries where accession to the EU is concerned. If state aid is deemed necessary, it should be requested, evaluated
and, if appropriate, authorized as state aid - and not take place in a disguised way, through taxation, in contravention of the principles of the single market. Having announced that he will shortly relinquish
his post, President Saleh has a real chance now to leave a positive and enlightened legacy in his country, which has been brutalised by conflict and terrorism for so long and now dreams of a democratic
future. What is this regulation about? It is decided by what it contributes in the greatest number. It is a sensible position in helping us to work with business and consumers that we can ensure that court
action is only the last resort and we can find better ways to resolve disputes. Nevertheless, despite some reserves the Parliamentary delegation in the Convention will follow the principal lines of this
proposal and I look forward to future close collaboration inside the Convention with Mr Barnier and Mr Vitorino. We have duly taken this into account when negotiating this agreement. An absence of representation
in the important external activities of the EU might provoke feelings of injustice or injury among the countries affected. (SV) Mr President, it is the task of the European Court of Justice to issue judgments
in line with the Treaties. We want adequate protection of new medicinal products. The Presidency has not only fulfilled an agenda, but has also been very pragmatic in trying to find solutions. The declaration
annexed to the Treaty of Amsterdam on the structural disadvantages of islands has never been converted into specific measures. We honour the victims of those murders. I am pleased that, during the Portuguese
Presidency, there have been efforts to fill the post of European counter-terrorism coordinator, which has been inexplicably vacant for over six months. What happens is that, in a situation of ineffectiveness,
impunity and rising authoritarianism, a democracy like the Mexican democracy spirals out of control. I believe that the European Parliament is thereby heading in the right direction in terms of unravelling
an issue which is complicated but crucial to the future of fishing in the world and to fisheries resources. In principle, the European Union's general report should fill us with satisfaction and optimism. In
addition, it inserts a reference to SMEs requiring their specific needs to be taken into account. Mr&#160;Bartenstein, our thanks have already been expressed to you and I, too, wish to thank you for the
invitation accorded to members of the European Parliament – I can no longer recall where it was, Graz or somewhere else, it is impossible to remember all those beautiful places with monasteries and other
things where people go skiing. This prompts me to reiterate my call for the representatives to carefully reconsider their strategic approach in order to avoid disunity and uncertainty. Evading justice is
common and a person legally sentenced in one European Union country should not be allowed to stroll peacefully down the streets of other Member States. It is up to me, perhaps because I belong to the Democrat
component of the group, to try to reflect a little on the empty half of the glass. The European Union is doing its part. Mr President, the traceability of foods from the field to the supermarket shelf is
a must. (DE) Madam President, thank you to the rapporteur and also to the Commission for this document. Irrespective of how the new Israeli government is made up, the Hamas problem is here to stay. The average
wage is lower than the average manufacturing industry wage, and women's average pay is sometimes considerably less than men's, for example in Ireland or the Netherlands, as described in the 1991 study
on "the impact of the internal market on the employment of women in the textile and clothing industries' produced by the Directorate-General for Employment. Today we ask ourselves the following question:
what were the outstanding qualities of your Presidency? The European Neighbourhood Policy and the action plan that is about to be reviewed for the first time during the Austrian Presidency provide us with
a good and appropriate array of instruments. More than four million young people have died of AIDS. We will forward an answer in writing, stating in detail the reasons for restricting access. Mr President,
first of all I should like to congratulate Mr Laurens Brinkhorst on the work he has done as rapporteur on the budget for 1997, and he has succeeded in doing this with rigour and transparency, both of which
are vital in the process of development. Prices drop in the same way for all livestock farmers and it is ridiculous that the way support is allocated benefits precisely those who are most competitive and,
in contrast, penalises those who are working to make their farms become competitive. Because the Council has changed the original Commission proposal with regard to the role of the European Parliament from
the consultation procedure to simply informing Parliament of any decision of the Council, I am bound to ask why the Council appears to be trying to bypass or circumvent Parliament. The fact that the EU
also subsidises tobacco cultivation is particularly anomalous. I, along with other Members, have seen it provide consolation, support and a sympathetic ear to people who have been met by a wall of frustration
and bureaucracy in their own countries. However, these issues do not lead us to condemn the excellent provisions in the report that has been submitted. And our current EU mantra is AFSJ: Area for Freedom,
Security and Justice. We must therefore redouble our efforts to find common ground on issues where our views differ - for instance on human rights questions or on questions on the common neighbourhood -
but also to keep the door open for dialogue and debate that respects our differences but also respects our common commitments. I think it is disgraceful. There are two questions that I want to put to you,
Commissioner Papoutsis. The third issue relates to the need to strengthen international order by means of effective multilateral structures and to safeguard citizens’ fundamental rights within the EU, whilst
taking all measures necessary to combat terrorist threats. In fact, so much flexibility that the Council itself looked to put in a fixed limit of 60 or 65 hours per week, depending on the averaging period. It
is now a historic time - in Russia, in the Union, and in the world too - and we must act. We are losing the citizens' confidence, as the no vote in the Irish referendum showed. I am certain that the adoption
by the European Parliament of a resolution on this report will contribute a great deal to the process of enlargement to include Croatia. What we want to know is whether our Ministers have given ASEM due
consideration. Thousands of people have climbed over that first wall: children, students, mothers, old people; many have fallen, one person even died. Do we need to point out once again that chemical pollution
levels are still too high? Mr Rübig, that was not at all relevant to the Agenda. I would like to congratulate our rapporteur, Mr Paasilinna, and I would like to thank the Commission and the German Presidency,
who really helped to make progress on the text. Thanks to the Treaty of Amsterdam, we have managed to create the necessary legal bases to implement a whole series of measures at European level making the
free, secure and just Europe we all want to see a reality. Why not instead do away with both forms of protectionism and enter into proper trading arrangements with the developing countries? This Deca-BDE
case was rectified at the end of June, when the Commission actually reversed its decision, which means that this hazardous substance will be removed from electronic equipment. The President of the ECB needs
a strong partner when he makes his decisions. It will be also for the European Commission to propose to the Council a decision endorsing the macroeconomic adjustment programme. So it is time to say bye-bye
euro, bye-bye euro. Theoretically we could have other voting systems but in practice we then have unanimity for any matter transferred from the third pillar to the Community pillar. We are asking for a new
form of globalisation for the whole of the world – one in which we do not have this social dumping that is accompanied by instruments that spoil workers’ conditions; the Union must prevent this phenomenon
from arising in its territory. Russia is and will continue to be one of the EU's most important partners. They know what the electors want. With regard to Russia's position as the EU's most important energy
partner, the summit will give us the opportunity to emphasise the need to regain trust and transparency in relations between the EU and Russia in the area of energy. Secondly, to define the criteria for
the eligibility and allocation of LIFE funds, in order to rule our any suspicions of clientelism or ostracism. We need to make full use of all the instruments at our disposal: legislation, as Prime Minister
Blair said, and we are pushing for better regulation. This would after all amount to propaganda and imposing happiness on nations by force. As always happens with new phenomena which must be considered and
assessed, there is of course a procedure to be followed. But we are also specifically discussing the case of the former dictator of Chad. The present political and economic crisis prompted by so-called pyramid
investment schemes has to be seen against this broader background. I thank the President-in-Office for his response. It has been underestimated firstly in respect of the economic risk presented by monetary
disruptions associated with the fluctuation of considerable flows of private capital; we should recall that the loss of wealth through the devaluation of shares that followed the crisis that began in Asia
a little over a year ago is estimated at between $1 600 billion and $3 500 billion. If necessary, we should continue this process until we have a set of regulations that will almost certainly ensure - because
there is no such thing as certainty in this area - that such accidents can never happen again. The European Parliament and the Council have adopted Directive 2004/48/EC, which puts in place a Community
framework for the enforcement of intellectual property rights and are currently working on a proposal for a directive on criminal measures, aimed at ensuring enforcement of such rights. I have the feeling
that many people here are looking for one person to blame for the problems which face us, instead of working on solving our common problems with new strength, new ideas, enthusiasm and vision. This is particularly
the case for inflation. The European Parliament will play a full role in the reconstruction of Kosovo and stabilisation of the Balkans. It does not provide any basis to establish proper cooperation structures
between Europe and the Mediterranean countries. We wish the European External Action Service (EEAS) every success. We are saying we can extradite our citizens to be condemned to death in the United States
even if that country then undertakes not to apply the sentence! Unfortunately, the global coalition against terrorism appears to exist alongside a xenophobic revival, as Mrs Diamantopoulou said earlier,
and a tendency to demonise whole groups of people, mainly Muslims and Arabs. Under expenditure is one of the most important. Due to possible industrial action, companies cannot fulfil their contractual obligations,
and are forced to return their employees, compensate the damages that have arisen and pay a contractual penalty, and thus the anticipated revenue is not obtained. However, this does not mean that the Netherlands
does not also bear a great responsibility where its policy has negative effects across the border in other countries. I think that this report is one more positive step in our search for multi-modality
as the main axis of European transport policy. On 26 December 1997, the Luxembourg Presidency issued a declaration on behalf of the European Union appealing urgently to the Nigerian authorities to treat
those arrested in accordance with the legal principles corresponding to international standards. As a result, speculative bubbles continually arise on the financial markets, causing growing economic instability
which, in turn, jeopardises the entire economy. Firstly, we need to know what spirit the Commissioners are going to be working in and what approach they intend to take with regard to working with all Members
of this Parliament, regardless of whether they belong to a small group or large group. (RO) I firmly believe that the Belgian Presidency, which is placing the emphasis on action, will manage to deal with,
in an appropriate way, the current situation in Europe, characterised by economic difficulties and a process of institutional overhaul. Europe needs this constitution, which would make the Union more democratic,
more socially engaged and more comprehensible to its citizens and would enable us to play a more positive role on the world stage. I refer first of all to the need to face the slow-down in economic growth
by means of coordination of our economic and social policies, countering the economic cycle. It is really important that the Palestinians are able to go to the negotiating table with the support of the
Arab League. Italy, for example, will lose 17 million people from the workforce between now and 2050, and you are happy to conclude, along with the UN population division, that 159 million non-Europeans
will have to be imported between now and 2050. But let me touch on four areas of concern, most of which are set out in today's resolution. When I wrote to Commissioner Piebalgs on behalf of the company some
while ago, in order to see whether any kind of support was available for that company, he replied that there are programmes that support new and innovative systems, but this case would not be eligible
for such support. The expertise of this scientific committee is well known and it would be appropriate to take its opinion into account before any legislative decision is taken. An increase in ESF funds
may help to achieve the objectives of social inclusion, the fight against poverty and social exclusion, and education and training, while also making a major contribution to economic and social cohesion. It
is to be welcomed, too, that the report was amended during the negotiations. in writing. - (PT) The European Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS), as the first Community infrastructure and due to its
space-related and technological nature, can only be achieved through a common will. I am sure all of us have come across a firm where its viability has been threatened and sometimes destroyed by the failure
of a large, powerful client to pay its bills on time. The phrase ‘the end of one reform is the start of the next’ is therefore true today. Well, that is for the subsequent speakers to decide. The elections
of 28 November are equally important for the consolidation of democracy in the country. Yet human rights require European authority and more intensive and extensive inclusion. They are all well and good
but verbal questions have a charm of their own because they raise supplementary questions and answers. They refuse to put Nepalese interests first; they have been putting their own first. Millions of ECU
end up in the pockets of professional fraudsters, criminal organizations and even organized crime. By launching an extensive campaign, spearheaded by Greenpeace, it was possible to convince many policy-makers
and politicians of the need to institute an immediate ban. Separate collections are made in Italy and the rest of Europe. The result is 548 000 tobacco-related deaths per year including 654 in Luxembourg. Another
way forward, outlined by the Commission and supported by your rapporteur, would be for the Commission to put forward its own legislation, thus gaining moral credibility and even achieving a consensus,
in the hope of imposing or carrying through negotiations in this area. That is why I want to ask again: in what way are you, on the part of the Council, prepared to establish specific and measurable goals
for equality for the coming five-year period? Secondly, I would like to comment on the restrictions and prohibitions relating to the use of the temporary provision of workers and, from a doctrinal or theoretical
point of view, I would like to say that, where there is permission for contracting workers on a temporary basis, there is no reason to prohibit the contracting of workers provided by agencies. The revised
figure that Mr Macartney gives us is 4 500. Our region has had its own Warsaw, its own Coventry, its own Oradour-sur-Glane, and it is time to build on our common rejection of war and destruction. I should
also like to point out that France, for example, has also ratified this Treaty, which it strongly supports and a few months ago I accompanied the French President on a visit to The Hague during which we
paid a visit to the International Criminal Court for the former Yugoslavia. For these reasons, I will vote in favour of the report by Mrs Schaldemose. Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, after the speech
by the President-in-Office of the Council, Mr Dini, I could be very brief. We are also addressing our appeal to the Commission and the authorities of the countries in which child and forced prostitution
is an everyday reality, such as Cambodia. We all share the desire to enable new mothers to form a strong bond with their babies during the period of convalescence after giving birth. We have an absolute
pre-requirement to fulfil the law and to obey the law. What this means is terms of this framework decision is that a sentence previously handed down in state A may not be taken into account in a new criminal
trial in state B if the relevant act was not a punishable offence in B under that state’s own laws. President of the Commission. - Whenever there is non-compliance with our directives by Member States,
we launch infringement proceedings, so when there is a specific case, we can and will act. The Commissioner has indicated that he does not wish to reply, but I am sure that, in the light of the strong statements
that have been made tonight, he will take a message back to his colleagues. I subscribe to what Mr&#160;Rasmussen said but should like to add that, if we do not embrace the conclusions of the Gothenburg
European Council, which commit the entire EU and are genuinely at the heart of a European strategy for qualitative growth, and if, furthermore, India and China were to go down the lines you proposed, the
earth’s ecosystem would, in this century, be in a disastrous state. &#160;&#160; Mr President, we are correct and honour-bound in this Chamber to take note of and highlight human rights abuses in Syria. Never
before has the EU been faced with greater challenges to its capacity for action and enlargement. I should like to thank Parliament for its commitment to this important matter and the Presidency for enabling
us to raise this tricky but very important issue. It has not been possible so far to apply it generally to all the Member States, which is precisely why it is representative of the disagreements. I had a
brief look to see how the system worked this week. In this context, we can say that total openness, without any guarantees and safeguarding measures, taking into account that cabotage is temporary, by definition,
would send us back to today's legal uncertainty. Minister, what are you going to do closer to home to ensure that many of these projects that are extremely well thought-out are actually going to survive? A
new Community programme will be brought out to enable direct contributions to be made to finance these individual institutions from the Community budget. No contacts, no exchanges and no sporting events,
together with renewed and more stringent sanctions, are what we require. It is quite clear that this conference cannot possibly halt the loss of biodiversity; the pace is simply too rapid. However, we have
problems with the definition of sexual harassment. We must guarantee universal access to new telecom services for all the citizens of the Union and we must put in place adequate training and educational
programmes for all users. on behalf of the ALDE Group. - Mr President, many of us at last are beginning to realise that our planet is not indestructible and that it indeed has an expiry date which we humans,
through our not so wise actions, are bringing drastically closer. Over a year ago, the Commission presented a regulation on which State should be held responsible for studying asylum requests, known as
the 'Dublin II Regulation', which, I hope, will be concluded by the end of this year and the Commission will, in November, present its action plan for returns policy, as well as a framework for financial
action for cooperation with third countries in the fight against illegal immigration. It is one of Conservative of Migratory Species of Wild Animals. It also means that massive pressure must be put on the
US to bring that country to support this goal. Most of Europe’s citizens have already said yes to this Constitution. Of course delays are not good for safety either, the number one priority for all of us. I
have seen how Parliament argued and voted on the SWIFT question. Unhappily perhaps, this may have something to do with the fact that England and Portugal, allies of old, founded this union in battle – a
crusade – in the Iberian Peninsula. The indifference of MEPs and of the Community Institutions must be the reason for the corresponding indifference of our citizens towards Community Institutions; every
time that a problem in the area of social affairs is discussed, there is a complete lack of interest... I will look into this matter but, as I understand it, we are already using analysis provided by that
agency. I would especially like to thank Mrs&#160;Gebhardt and all the Members most directly involved, particularly the shadow rapporteurs, who, over the past few months, have done some admirable work to
enable us to reach the stage we are at today. Third, Mr Rehn, fiscal consolidation is important, but it cannot coexist with growing divergence between the Member States that make up the Union: convergence
policy must be urgently reviewed. Commission President Jacques Santer is correct in saying that integrated, coordinated action must now be taken, and without further delay. It is very important that we do
not neglect evaluation in connection with the Year of Intercultural Dialogue, the Year of Mobility and all these things which are actually intertwined, so that we know, at the end of the day, what advantages
are accruing to the population and how we can make it clear and comprehensible to our fellow citizens that all of these priorities ultimately benefit them personally and foster the development of the European
Union. European countries were the first to industrialise the coca leaf. Anyway, it will lead to the making of choices between various kinds of human life and there are alternatives. This programme builds
on the existing eight programmes and on the work of the network for epidemiological surveillance and control of communicable diseases in the Community and seeks to pursue a more integrated and global health
strategy. This arrangement has guaranteed reasonable operational costs, even at airports with little traffic located in remote districts. Mr Milosevic, who has protested his sincerity through some of our
colleagues present here today, and is unable to accuse him of anything, says that he is now protecting him in Pristina from Serbs that may make attempts on his life. The Commission has already indicated
its willingness to support a peace process in Colombia within the framework of Plan Colombia, as it has done in several countries in Central America in recent years. Consequently, there are no sanctions
and there are no binding measures. Mr President, I would first like to thank the rapporteur and the draftsperson for their report and opinion. It appears that he has no wish to discuss this issue with Parliament. Mr
President, it is, of course, not up to the Council to comment on the statements made by Mr Berlusconi. Mr Barroso will then ask why Europe is not well received in their country. It is not a question, as
far as I am concerned, of accepting the use of employment as blackmail, but only of confirming a desire to preserve industrial competitiveness in a sector which experiences fierce global competition. We
now need to act together to resolve these difficulties speedily. In recent years, however, some backwards steps have been taken, particularly in relation to energy, and the recent Commission proposals have
not lived up to expectations. This is not the time to go into details, nor is it perhaps the time to apportion blame as to which opportunities the international community took advantage of and which it
did not as it tried to foster a peaceful solution to this conflict. In short, it is a matter of transferring know-how, providing mutual assistance and exchanging experiences. Mauritania and Qatar have suspended
ties with Israel; a withdrawal of the Arab Peace Initiative was threatened. I would say to Mr Titley, who called for a policy towards our new neighbours after enlargement, that, the day before yesterday,
the General Affairs Council in Brussels worked out a more long-term strategy, to be implemented in cooperation with the candidate countries; a strategy that shall ensure that these new borders towards
the east are cooperative borders rather than another Iron Curtain. It would thus always be possible to have the regulatory text in its entirety, even where there are specific amendments, with a clear indication
of the new parts and those that remain unchanged. Finally, Mr&#160;President, Commissioner Bolkestein, there are references in the Commission communication to shareholders, to the management, to relations
between shareholders and the management, whilst there is little or no talk of the workers, who are the first to pay personally for the repercussions of tragic events such as that of Parmalat. As I see it,
social legislation is mainly the responsibility of the individual states. Every time we give the commitment to move closer to the citizens of Europe, we must remember that we are not there when they go
through distressing or intensely emotional times. With regard to research, at my request and suggestion, the structure of the fifth framework programme of research was modified substantially compared with
the fourth framework programme, and the second main chapter heading now deals with information technology. It is their certain knowledge and solace that God is watching over His church everywhere. However,
the regulatory framework has also encountered problems, owing to its slow implementation in many Member States. Other Member States were already involved in drawing up national policies in this area and
were of the view that while a directive was a good idea the proposal being put forward did not adequately respect the subsidiarity principle and did not take sufficient account of the efforts that had
already been made, including points of a highly technical nature. in writing. - (RO) The fundamental objectives of the Lisbon Strategy cannot be achieved without developing competitiveness, taking into
consideration all the current global challenges (globalization, climate changes, fluctuations on the financial markets, international markets openness). We have thus come back to this endeavour and our
starting point was to give a concise summary of the programmes we planned for the period up to 2000, and when I say we, it was in the first place my colleague Mr Kinnock who took the responsibility for
that and who is sorry he cannot be here this evening, but you will perhaps excuse him if I take his place. - The next item is the recommendation for second reading (A5-0042/2003) by the Committee on Economic
and Monetary Affairs, on the Council common position with a view to adopting a European Parliament and Council directive on the activities and supervision of institutions for occupational retirement provision
(11212/4/2002 - C5-0534/2002 - 2000/0260(COD)) (Rapporteur: Othmar Karas). That is the most crucial issue and it must be the yardstick for gauging the success or failure of this Intergovernmental Conference. Both
the EU and Russia must keep in mind that a true partnership can only be a straightforward relationship. The October 2009 European Council adopted the initiative and welcomed the progress made on energy
infrastructures and interconnections in the Baltic region, thereby endorsing the information in the Commission's report. That is what is forcing principals down this path even where they would actually
prefer to concentrate on meeting the educational needs of their students. We still need to integrate Lisbon and Gothenburg. President-in-Office of the Council. - (FR) Thank you, Mr Evans. Press reports about
body scanners in the Dutch press have caused a torrent of indignation. This debate has thrown up a large number of questions, but we would need another hour if I were to try and answer them now. We realised
that the French President and Italian Prime Minister, in serious difficulty in their countries, wish to have a Commission that bends to their will. This incident highlights the shortcomings in the actual
wording of the Stability Pact, which is much more restrictive and mechanical than the text of the Treaty, not least as regards problems of flexibility. We cannot have two different yardsticks when it comes
to applying human rights at international level. What we have observed is that carmakers have increasingly resorted to other forms of distribution, including manufacturer-owned outlets. Likewise, we cannot
simply record the rise in xenophobic feelings in Europe and the increasingly common discrimination without taking wide-ranging action. The first principle is undoubtedly that referred to in Article 10 of
the Protocol on Privileges and Immunities and on the status of the members of the European Parliament, which specifies that in the States to which the members of the European Parliament belong, they must
be accorded the same prerogatives as members of the national parliament of that country. I should therefore like to thank you both personally. This is why Objective 3 must be significantly enhanced, just
as the rapporteur has also maintained. For example, how should the EU fleet be persuaded to employ Comorians on board and how will the Commission ensure that the agreement really contributes to development
on the Comoros so that the figure for the money earmarked for development of the fishery sector is not just fine words, but also has substance? The Troika often works to promote human rights in an intergovernmental
framework. According to the latest Eurostat data, in February 2009 over 19 million men and women were unemployed in the European Union. We here in the European Parliament must say that what applies to the
Syrian army – which must leave Lebanon – should also apply to the Turkish army, which must leave Cyprus. This is important for Europe as a whole, but it is particularly important for the Commission. I am
sure that the Vice-President of the Commission would also warmly endorse all that we are trying to achieve with this important agreement. As a result of the good work carried out by Brian Crowley, we today
have a completely satisfactory proposal for amendment which, in addition, is in line with the opinion already previously given by the European Parliament. Mr President, this new way of discussing is actually
quite interesting. Firstly, we do not want as a Parliament to quit research policy for five years after the second reading of the framework programme. It will be neither easy nor perhaps totally desirable
to break the links with Syria enshrined in the Taif Agreement, but those links need to be clarified and stabilised, and both popular and international pressure will be needed to achieve that. The United
States is a sovereign country and our main international ally in the fight against terrorism. A real social dialogue cannot ignore the fact that the overthrow of even the most elementary acquisitions of
the trade union movement is being promoted, with collective labour agreements first in line. Before I sit down, there is just one other point I would like to make, and it is in the form of a question, namely:
how do we arrive at a single tax base? I believe that rules of international law must be established to manage water resources. I shall conclude by drawing attention to Article 1(2) of the proposal, in which
the time limits of notification are discussed. You were right when you said that Mr López Garrido is on the list of speakers. I think that we shall have to be far more vigilant in future and, most importantly,
I take exception to the fact that some invoke the Amsterdam Treaty, seeking, that is, to use a new instrument, prematurely, to handle an old affair, belatedly. This fraud is all the more dramatic as it
has just been proven virtually definitively that the infectious agent causing bovine spongiform encephalopathy (BSE, or mad cow disease) has crossed the species barrier, and caused a new form of Creutzfeldt-Jakob
disease in man. Have you received the general information relating to the evacuation plan of the British authorities, which they are obliged to produce? These suggestions concentrate on measures to improve
Internet governance and fight human rights violations. Because of the nature of these links, the upsets passed on within a modern economy as a consequence of this process of globalisation are more rapid,
for the very reason that borders that existed twenty years ago have disappeared. The Council next intends to discuss conditionality in November this year. Mr President, it is a pleasure to take the floor
for the first time and within an area of responsibility in which I look forward to working. I welcome the French Defence Minister's declaration that France has withdrawn its reservation on the common position. I
know that my constituents would want to ensure that the Scottish Parliament is kept fully and directly informed of developments at the European Union level. Yet I believe that women can contribute a great
deal to corporate governance by providing a different perspective and approach. Mr Verhofstadt has asked for this and I will also ask for it. That discussion will involve not only the Member States of the
European Union, but also countries affected by our northern dimension policies and aspirations including, of course, the Russian Federation. (DE) Mr President, perhaps it has escaped my notice as well,
but I would be pleased to hear officially at last - in other words, from you - whether the many rumours circulating in the House are true and what is happening about Strasbourg in the coming weeks. If the
proposal being presented on the new European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development, with a funding of EUR 11&#160;000 million per year, is accepted, we would have to deduct 20% of that sum in order to
fund a substantial proportion of the cost of Natura 2000. We have proposed a range of amendments to improve legal certainty for business, including the widening of Article 10 - changes which have received
widespread business support. Mrs Hautala has already told you this. I have been allocated a schedule this morning that now exhausts the possibilities on the "catch the eye" system. China naturally rejects
further nuclear proliferation and is also worried by its own home-grown Islamist threats. We expect that, to achieve this, the Commission will use the right of initiative to its full potential. The three
Court of Justice rulings are all specific. The tragic events of September 11 and the intensified attention to safety measures cannot detract from this fundamental approach. It is important that, right now,
the proposals put forward by Claude Desama should be rapidly put into practice. There must be one body with executive power. If Mrs de Palacio wishes to express her personal political opinion, she can do
so at any time, with no need for recourse to this kind of manipulation, which I consider thoroughly deplorable. Lastly, what is encouraging, and should be further encouraged by us, is the lifting of the
state of emergency in a number of provinces. Mr President, we are discussing here an excellent interim report on the scientific facts of climate change by the rapporteur of the Temporary Committee on Climate
Change, Karl-Heinz Florenz. Fourthly, progress needs to be made on creating a positive relationship which avoids obstacles and clashes and which instead seeks out synergies between the UfM and the Mediterranean
structures of the European Union. I apologise for not having addressed the substance, but it is the process which concerns me most. I would like to take the opportunity today to look at the motor industry
in rather broader terms. Turning to the Balkans, it strikes me that our actions are being guided by the principle that progress is to be defined as whatever is not regress. The next item is the joint debate
on the EU response to the world financial crisis and the Commission's legislative and work programme for 2009. Until recently, mercury was and, in many cases, still is in every household and in every doctor's
and dentist's surgery, as well as in every hospital in the form of thermometers, barometers, sphygmomanometers, tooth fillings, etc. This indicates the scale of the problem. People are aware of the ups and
downs of the German debate and of the problems there are, and they think it is better to wait. Therefore, I believe that, if all this is true, we Europeans should also examine our consciences. This Parliament
has preferred to discuss the legalisation of soft drugs, and the Council and Coreper, too, have been very actively engaged in this. I voted against the Rothley report with some reluctance as I accept the
need for a European legal framework for patents - all patents - and respect the extremely hard work put into the report by Mr Rothley and others. Mr President of the Council, my group could put more payments
on the line if we were certain that policies were being better managed. Before concluding, I should like to warn against the temptation of a perverse alliance between those who resist a political Europe
and those who oppose the single market. As shadow rapporteur for the Group of the European People’s Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats in the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development,
I endorse the results and compromises achieved so far. - (PL) The European Neighbourhood and Partnership Instrument, including its cross-border cooperation programme, is a very important Community initiative
combining features of international and inter-regional cooperation. I also hope that we can have talks with other possible supporters of the project. In that regard, I wish to reassure you that it is one
of our concerns. It has not worked for other sectors, and will only aggravate the producer's financial situation. Again I would reiterate the general point in relation to freedom of expression that free
speech is beginning to take hold and beginning to flourish in Turkey. He did so, and issued what he called a cry for help. Europe and the United States must reach a global agreement as quickly as possible. Furthermore,
although the definition of mortgage credit found in Amendment No 20 is the same as the definition in the code of conduct on home loan information negotiated between industry and consumers in 2001, national
legislation goes beyond the latter definition. We can accept a reduction in price, but, if you are proposing 33% without allocating a quota to the least-developed countries – something that does not go
against the rules that we have, but simply prevents them from becoming transit countries – then this 33% is not enough, for, even under these conditions, the multinationals will use these countries as
transit routes through which to dump their sugar back in the European Union. I hear the arguments of the opposition, firstly, that the micro-entrepreneur might need a loan and then not be able to present
his bank with anything. In particular we need a stronger buy-in of sectors other than nature conservation, such as agriculture, fisheries and energy. Protectionism is not a solution. Today Parliament voted
on a report that specifically evaluated the White Paper. Some finance ministers are arguing only for take on their side and no give. We pro-European MEPs must point these things out, as this is the way to
take the wind out of the sails of the Eurosceptics, who subsist on half-truths - sometimes out-and-out lies - of this kind. Besides the weakness of the budgetary foundation for this reform, allow me to
tell you two disappointing facts. It will also amount to genuine implementation of a policy of solidarity, and not protectionism. It is far from evident that a solution acceptable to all is still a part
of the mindset of either Israel or the Palestinians. The third point is that we must have better systems for recovering money paid out in error. We have therefore been advocating the abolition of, or a substantial
cut in, national contributions, up to a maximum of 10%, so that countries facing major difficulties can make full use of Union funds, and so that the money can be used effectively by those who need it
most, instead of being returned to the coffers of those who need it least. This compromise includes the short-term goal of reducing emissions to 175 grams per kilometre by 2014. Given the intrigues and scheming
which went on in 2004, we cannot blame her, except for the fact that this time, international election observers have confirmed the results. I think that Mr Szájer has done a good job, that in Parliament
we have tried to act with a sense of responsibility, that we are going to continue doing so and that the only thing that is going to remain for us to do is this part, which is conveying to citizens what
we are really doing here, and this is quite difficult. I should say to the House that I have a personal reason for hoping that will happen on 1 May, in that the town in which I live will be host to Cyprus
for the Day of Welcomes on 1 May 2004. The second point I should like to deal with is the question of the ad hoc procedure. For example, last year my daughter put 100 Austrian schillings in a money changing
machine in Jesolo and got 9 600 lire. Finally, as to the issue of which studies the authorisation would be based on, the decision was that we would continue with the legislation that was originally adopted;
that the applicant has the responsibility of providing the data and the studies information. We are quite convinced that there will also be some convictions, but in some national judiciaries it takes a
very long time. As indicated in the motion for a resolution, it is important to provide incentives for research against bee diseases and to support European producers in the competition they must face against
third countries, following the opening-up of the EU market to imported honey. To me, this situation sounds like failure. When the Commission adopts strategic programme decisions on the new instrument, Parliament
must have a say on an equal footing with the Council. Wishes for the future ought not, however, to be allowed to outstrip the historic task of taking advantage now of the historical opportunity to unify
the whole of Europe. Second point: on management and governance. I concur with what has been said about waste and the need for recycling and energy saving and I believe that we must practice what we preach
both in the area of health and safety and energy saving. We are told that this is to avert abuses by the right or stop use of offensive language. The way this programme has been implemented is far from ideal
- to say the least - and that is why I share and approve of the objectives of the Commission reform. I do not consider this to be a true alternative. The very detailed report by Mr Gahler analyses this in
more detail. The frantic liberalisation of trade orchestrated by the WTO and the major industrialised countries is in total contradiction to the policies needed to protect the environment. The Commission
has consistently kept this issue on its agenda. Another topic of core significance is the balanced representation of men and women in decision-making processes. EUR 80 million has also been mobilised for
the funding under the existing EDF FLEX mechanism for countries that suffered significant export losses in 2008. We have succeeded in recovering our citizenship and our democratic institutions. &#160;&#160;
Mr&#160;President, ladies and gentlemen, in view of the extremely serious matter raised by certain newspapers, and if what for now remains mere supposition or fantasy is actually confirmed, then I too
consider that Parliament has a duty to play its part in shedding light on the matter and ensuring that there is complete transparency in the relations between the European Union and all non-EU countries. Mr
President, after more than six years of negotiation the Council has finally reached a compromise on energy taxation. Finally, a very brief reference to Operation Artemis. I believe that we have to be faithful
to Lisbon and Gothenburg in our approach and in our seeking sustainable production methods in Europe, which will induce growth and employment, founded upon the ecological bases of our existence. It is therefore
innovation through which reserves of creativity can be uncovered, which can help us give the appropriate answers. Mr President, I appear to have been living in some sort of parallel universe here, hearing
about the success of the euro. The proposal tabled by the European Commission is already an excellent starting point for improving and simplifying the regulatory framework that is currently in force within
Member States, especially in terms of the transparency and flexibility of the law on technological developments in the textile industry. I do not think we have difficulties owing to a lack of appropriate
legislation, but rather because that legislation is not implemented. A speculative one?! Secondly, you hosted the meeting in the Azores which determined the invasion and war in Iraq. &#160;&#160; – Mr President,
it is a fact that Romania and Bulgaria have made significant progress in incorporating and applying the , thanks to consistent support in the enlargement strategy on the part of the European Union. The
first example occurred last year, with initiatives taken to provide medical, psychological and social support to exiled women in Bosnia. The financial assistance measures to be adopted under the programme
should aim at improving the living standards and living conditions of people in banana-growing areas and in banana value chains, specifically small farmers and small entities, as well as ensuring compliance
with labour and occupational health and safety standards, and environmental standards, notably those regarding the use of and exposure to pesticides. &#160;&#160; Madame Berès, happily, on this question
and the multiplicity of legal dimensions which you bring to my attention, I am not an expert and so I sought advice from those with expertise. So this is purely a matter for clarification. Europe needs immigrants,
and the idea of Europe as a fortress with wealth within and poverty without is unsustainable. Cities should not be seen merely as hubs for transport: they are places for living and for culture. &#160;&#160;
The next item is the debate on the report (A5-0407/2003) by Mrs Miguélez Ramos, on behalf of the Committee on Fisheries, on the proposal for a Council regulation amending Council Regulation (EC) No 2561/2001
aiming to promote the conversion of fishing vessels and of fishermen that were, up to 1999, dependent on the fishing agreement with Morocco (COM(2003) 437 C5-0357/2003 2003/0157(CNS)). This is a Union that
believes in common values and our approach to current problems is based on these common values. I therefore hope that we here will be casting a vote in favour, that we will support this package, but also
that we will give ourselves the opportunity to start a final round of negotiations with the Council in order to strengthen this point further. As regards the general data protection directive, the Commission
has launched infringement procedures against six Member States. If we do not stick to the facts, we bring this House into disrepute, in my view. In the end, I emphasize the need to promote the young generation
in this republic. It is not about how consumers are affected by eating cloned meat, but above all it is about ethical aspects that we really must take into account when taking decisions on this sort of
legislation. It is my hope that the most dramatic reform since the CAP was first introduced will lead to greater stability and provide a much-needed stimulus for young people to take up farming as a full-time
career. Finally, I would like to say thank you to Mr Burenstam Linder for an excellent report. As a result, its practical operation is inadequate. Furthermore, the first reading report adopted in the Committee
on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection enabled the inclusion of provisions on the measuring instruments covered by the directives being repealed in the general Measurements Instruments Directive. The
decision will, I hope, be taken shortly to extend these two cultural programmes next year. That is why this scheme for national cofinancing of the agricultural policy is being proposed. The committee has
come up with an agreement in trialogue, and subject to the will of the House that should go through. I am therefore pleased that the Council now seems to be coming back to Parliament and approving our proposals. We
are of the mind that we can improve it, prioritise it and, above all, deliver it with you, because we urgently need to restore growth and competitiveness along with citizens and businesses. There are those
who consider such a cross-border requirement essential for a European company forum. Why is it that all we hear about is money? Subject: Intergovernmental cooperation and passarelle clauses on immigration
issues We await the Commission's answer to this question. There were also Member States which applied a period of transition in the previous round of enlargement, but no longer do so in this new round. I
suggest that perhaps the person whose fingerprints are really on this is not here to answer that tonight. My ambition is that what we propose will be the most modern and effective merger control system,
and it will improve the European model by incorporating certain aspects of the US model. If that is what Parliament really wants, then we have to give some careful thought to our role! In justice and home
affairs, the Slovenian Presidency has extended the freedom of the Schengen area to new Member States, struck a deal to improve the Schengen information system, achieved political agreement on Europol and,
most importantly, seen through a directive which is the first building block in a common immigration policy. The Commission is aware of this court decision and was informed by the national regulatory authority,
IBPT, that, following this annulment, it had launched a national consultation on a draft decision resetting mobile termination rates at the same asymmetric level as in its previous regulatory decision
of 11 August 2006. They really must get their bloody act together before long. We congratulate you on your ability to make things clear. We English are very tolerant. We therefore need Eurojust for cooperation
in connection, for example, with my cherished Baltic. Europe has always played a leading role globally in the field of nuclear safety, and this programme will continue to assist us in this area over the
next seven years. It emphasises objectives pertaining to this policy, namely the eradication of poverty, the promotion of health and the fight against infectious diseases. Nevertheless, it is not as easy
as paragraphs 2, 10 and 13 of this resolution suggest. The Marine Strategy can, in fact, be a small step in trying to get to grips with the problems, but only if it is as ambitious as the Committee on the
Environment, Public Health and Food Safety proposes. Therefore, we are naturally clutching at any semblance of hope that we can again support a democratic movement in this country. Mr President, together
with the majority of my group and, in any event, all the French members of the Group for a Europe of Democracies and Diversities (EDD), I will be voting against the appointment of Jean-Claude Trichet as
President of the European Central Bank although I have been told that it is unusual to vote against one's fellow countryman. Nevertheless, a number of stations are going to have to close over the next few
years, and now that the Cold War is over, we no longer need military installations - in fact, in my opinion we do not need them at all - and there are hopes that we will switch to other methods of electricity
production, and so on. Mr President, Commissioner, Mrs Keppelhoff-Wiechert, we in the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance naturally support the policy of ceasing to add antibiotics to feed. However,
we are unable to accept Amendments Nos 1, 4, 5, 6, 10 and 13. People and workers must be respected. The new forms of crime, which have emerged following both the opening up of borders and the enlargement
of the EU, demand greater cooperation between Member States in order to control crime and illegal immigration. Both countries have an exemplary record as far as minorities are concerned. However, in Belgium,
the ecotax system in place which obliges operators from another Member State to include the accreditation reference of each of their distributors, is a heavy system, which causes a certain level of protectionism. I
want to stress that political pluralism represents a cornerstone of democracy and modern society and a source of political legitimacy. I therefore believe that, if people wish to engage in this modification
exercise, they must establish whether it is possible to do so in such a way that it is viable, that it is seen as socially responsible, and not in such a way that the big firms, which make their living
by selling herbicides, end up wasting more money than they have in the past. We are therefore amazed to note that efforts are being made to refer to a document that is entirely meaningless and as good as
dead. But we could play a much greater role there if we were more organised. It must be ensured that the strategy for sustainable development will not be overshadowed by other issues at the summit. At the
same time, Europe must continue to uphold budgetary discipline. That is very important and helpful to us for the next steps we are to take. This is linked to the unique nature of Russia's tragic history
in the 20th century, to the need to comprehend and overcome the bloody and dirty past. It is to this road that this report points, and that is why it is not only courageous, but also forward-looking in
the interests of a secure Europe for its citizens. The Member States of the EU and the EU itself ignore the ILO conventions. The proof of this is the pogrom against immigrants, the continuing imperialist
war by NATO and cold-blooded murder of civilians in Libya, the consignments of military equipment from France and preparations to send a EUFOR mission to Libya. We have given it to the Palestinians and
to all those Israelis who firmly believe in peace, but in peace with justice under law. Particular attention should therefore be paid to it. Therefore, we should not abandon our focus on improving conventional
means of locomotion, as crude oil will probably continue to fuel our mobility for a long time yet. The EU, USA and ΝΑΤΟ are jointly promoting the application of the NATO 'Middle East' plan in a bid to subjugate
countries and peoples. We are used to the idea that the Commission never fully implements the EU budget, and the Member States are used to the idea that they will have their own resources, as they are known,
returned to them every year. The emphasis upon the knowledge - or information - society in this programme, as in the different national programmes of which we are aware, does in fact lead to a concentration
upon innovators, entrepreneurs, new companies and new industries. Let us deal with it during this part-session. They can hear us, they have ways of hearing us, yet we do not want to know what they say, but
when they say it and to whom. Mr President, I want to draw to your attention the fact that the agriculture debates will be starting in a few minutes. Our consistent behaviour will create confidence among
our voters and neighbours alike. Now is the time to act and Parliament is extremely unhappy about this hold-up. It has supported campaigns to promote freedom of expression - for example, a continuing project
in the ASEAN countries, - and freedom of expression has been identified as a priority for 11 EIDHR focus countries in 2002 and 2003. Unless we succeed in doing that, we shall constantly find ourselves in
this kind of rushed situation, and that is a bad thing. The Commission is unable, therefore, to support Amendments 13, 30 (2), 36, 38 and 46. Food must be of a certain quality, but it should first of all
be safe. It follows that we must adopt a horizontal approach and integrate this factor into all political domains. I voted for Mr Brok's report. Bromate is to be found particularly in ozone-treated water. All
that is left for me to do now is to extend warm thanks to the rapporteur, Mr Seeber, for the excellent cooperation and to congratulate him on this result. This reports mentions delays, which are, apparently,
increasingly frequent. It is good that a resolution can now be adopted to press ahead with the financial aid in accordance with the political conditions linked to the grants. This is essentially a good report,
but we cannot support the proposals designed to introduce a European family policy. I think we have to learn a lesson to continue to face the long-term challenge of the post-oil age by diversifying our
resources and technologies. Authorities with responsibility for authorising exports must therefore carry out a more detailed political assessment before proceeding. And, to top it all, it suggests cofinancing
the CAP, an idea that was rejected by this very House in November and that was even rejected by the government that proposed it to the Council. The relaunch of the Lisbon Agenda for more and better jobs
in 2005 gives rise to the need for accurate, timely and comparable statistics on job vacancies in Europe, by region and by economic activity. Having listened to you, Mr Schulz, I will contact the Member
in question and ask him to furnish me with some detail. As the rapporteur has accepted the Commission position on the location of the maximum weekly working time provision, in Article 3, the part of our
Amendment No 1 which proposes to change recital 16 should also be deleted. The European Union can at times seem a frustrating partner for the US because of our institutional complexities and the mixture
of national and Community competence. For example, support and help needs to be given to frontier workers within the European Union facing problems with their tax or pension administrations. (DE) Madam President,
I should like to add my voice to the numerous compliments that have been paid to the rapporteur for this good and objectively presented report, which also received the support of a good majority of the
Committee on Climate Change. Allow me to tell you about a case that took place in May 2010 in the UK. Indeed, while it remains extremely vague on most environmental matters related to the energy sector,
this resolution proposes that, in future, in the countries of the EU, nuclear-based electricity production should at least retain the share which it currently has. This is so much the case that, in dealing
with unemployment, the van Velzen report says not a word about the reduction of working hours, and this at the very time when two governments of the European Union have just decided to move towards a 35-hour
working week in the next few years. &#160;&#160; Mr&#160;President, ladies and gentlemen, the principle of equal treatment for entities from the various Member States is one of the cornerstones of the European
Union. Immediately afterwards, I assure you that I shall make an announcement in Parliament, as Mrs Vayssade specified in her letter, and I shall refer the matter to the Committee on Legal Affairs. It is
illogical that all speculators, whether they be banks or individuals, should receive immediate aid from the international banking system when they incur losses, which encourages them, as it were, to carry
on speculating. European integration is in the vital interests of all the inhabitants of Bosnia and Herzegovina, the country we are paying special attention to in today's debate. That of itself is going
to make price comparisons easier. Please, though! That common cause was one and the same as the original intention of the directive: to do away, in Europe, with the accidents in heavy traffic and impairments
to road safety caused by drivers suddenly succumbing to cumulative driving fatigue, as well as with the scandalous social dumping in the transport industry, which results in unfair competition not only
between European countries but also between them and third countries, with all those who act fairly and properly – not least towards their employees – losing out. Can you imagine specific sanctions? The
Commission's report discusses a number of relatively minor points in detail, but says nothing about the main issues, such as the special position regarding excise duty on fuel for commercial aviation and
for shipping. I wish you some idealism in your work. This is a magnificent result after just four years. As I have already said, I would like to put the case for higher collection percentages, and our committee
has, in fact, approved my amendment to that effect. Sport is an original and enjoyable way to learn a language. They have us well trained. Would it not be sufficient to apply what is today pompously referred
to as the precautionary principle, namely basic caution, instead of legislating left, right and centre? I think, Mrs McKenna, that our friend Mr Posselt is referring to communist regimes rather than to
communists, which is somewhat different. However, Mr President, I must take this opportunity to stress two points, which, I repeat, it is the duty of Parliament and all its Members to consider fully. Studies
carried out by the Commission have shown that, because of the inefficiency associated with cross-border transactions, the charges for low-value transfers - which are, after all, what interests our citizens
the most - may amount to as much as 25 % of the sum transferred. I very much hope that they will have as much success as the Portuguese Presidency. Finally, the Council makes recommendations on the volume
of blood to be taken from donors, and the frequency of donations. I would like to draw attention to one question - perhaps more strongly than we have so far done today: it is in the interest of Europe's
citizens to have more jobs. We hope that the move towards a social market economy is assessed in each country concerned according to the institutional capacity of these countries to manage and regulate
this. In rural areas too, women expect to be able to realise their own plans for their lives, to be economically independent and to meet family challenges. As I have already mentioned, the example set by
the Dutch regulator OPTA has been welcomed by the Commission in a press release. Ahead of the vote tomorrow, and in order to initiate the debate, I could have mentioned the number of women affected and
how many women have been murdered as a result of this deadly violence. Now that ethnic cleansing has actually been made official and legitimate, we have to say that this is a sad outcome of these elections. The
35-hour week is not a fashion, Mrs Hermange, it is a part of the great objective of civilization to achieve better quality of life and create jobs. In my opinion, this means that the added value lies in
the improved coordination of the knowledge and resources that are already available in the various Member States. the spouse or non-married partner of the applicant (including same-sex partners); although
it should be noted that the provision covering non-married partners only applies in Member States where the position of non-married couples is comparable to that of married couples; It is also essential
to step up controls and put an end to unfair competition. This is a Member State competence. The rapporteur has set them an example today however, and so I would strongly advise her to do some research into
how the opposition in my country, Belgium, is being systematically boycotted by the public broadcaster. This instrument should be adopted by the end of 2008. We are not against a debate on the Member States'
joining of the EMU, but feel that it is a little premature at this moment. In the interests of stability, more financial resources must be focused on democratising the areas of the former Soviet Union. Mr
President, ladies and gentlemen, there are two points I should like to make. But with the flood of information and our fast-changing society parents need to be helped to fulfil their responsibilities. Moreover,
they are hampering the sustainable economic development of entire regions. 'But how are you getting on with the euro which has just been introduced?' Parliament demands quite rightly that she be given legal
powers. It is undoubtedly very important that there should be transparency and that people should be made more aware of production methods and of the modern stalls and cowsheds that now exist, as well as
being given information about the common agricultural policy and about the ways in which fields and animals are looked after. I know that some MEPs have previously been disappointed about the fact that
the European Parliament and the Council have had difficulty reaching agreement, but that has not been the case this year, which is something I am very pleased about. I see this as an improvement on the
text of the common position. I also believe that transitional periods are possible until 2007 at the latest. An autonomous structure founded on democratic principles, which can punish countries that are
not democratic. In addition, it has invited the Commission to regularly inform the Council about developments in the EU textiles and clothing sector in the aftermath of the dismantling of import quotas
as from 1 January 2005; and it has also invited the Commission to report on the outcome of the further discussions of the High Level Group. Rolling back in this respect cannot be an option for the European
Union. Mr President, Mr Coelho, I wish to conclude by assuring you that your resolution will be taken into account by the Commission in assessing the efforts already made and those that remain to be made
and in defining its priorities for action in the Schengen field. This is, of course, nothing revolutionary, as many people have been saying this for a long time. This problem, together with trafficking,
has reached explosive dimensions. We must make it transparent by means of shared and clear lists. Even if such delays can be attributed partly to the length of the procedure for electing the Ombudsman, we
should nevertheless be very vigilant to prevent the right of citizens to petition from being undermined by procedural obstacles. There is not much time left, just a few days. Madam Commissioner, Mr President,
Pakistan wasted no time in responding to the Indian nuclear tests, thereby reviving the spectre of atomic war. I see this practice as unfair as it allows patients to get priority treatment abroad, thereby
'jumping the queue' within the NHS system. Europe has now prescribed itself a ‘pause for thought’, termed in German a ‘’, which can mean both a pause for thought and a pause in thought. It is at all events
important that at least 25% of executive agency staff should be seconded Commission officials in order to ensure internal supervision of administrative tasks and to see that the Commission' s responsibilities
are fulfilled. The first is that the opt-out goes against the principles and the letter of the Treaty. We have just voted in favour of an association agreement with Lebanon. Public services should not be
part of negotiations. It did not explode but it contaminated a large area. Demand for fish is enormous and still rising. Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, today finds us dealing with a report that has been
unanimously adopted in the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy, thus showing that the Members on the Committee took the view that the approach I have proposed
in it is the right one. Surely other factors such as population concentration and distribution, potential or lack of potential in terms of new technologies and research, and geographical accessibility should
be taken into account? The advertising profession, with its budgets of millions and billions, should also give that a thought. This report states that support for renewable energy projects must not be viewed
as a straightforward subsidy under the state aid rules. I am proposing that the Council and Commission' s proposal for a regulatory committee be endorsed. We have not had the time to finish our work nor
to conclude our debate on this issue. The package of proposals on future Financial Perspectives is an excellent example. I, too, would like to congratulate Mrs Graenitz on it, though I would also like to
clarify one particular point of her report, namely paragraph 59, in which Directive 79/112/EEC is addressed. I am convinced that my friend, Antoine Duquesne, the former Minister for the Interior of the
Kingdom of Belgium, would have delivered the same message, if he could have voted today. The conflict concerned has claimed at least 60&#160;000 lives, and millions of people have been compulsorily displaced. I
welcome this European Parliament resolution on EU-Canada trade relations. The resolution from the Committee on Institutional Affairs emphasizes that. The second problem is the brain. We do not therefore believe
that there is any need to develop a new, parallel organisation at European level. We have a duty to ask serious questions without hypocrisy and we have a duty to say that everyone is equal before the law. We
would therefore call upon the Commission, by means of the European Gender Equality Institute, to find a rapid solution to this issue. Otherwise simple competition would be dogged by increasing national
conflict. When Jean Monnet shared his vision of Europe all those years ago, he said - if colleagues will forgive my mangled French -'Nous ne coalisons pas des États, nous unissons des hommes'. Mrs Frassoni,
as you yourself were present, I am sure you will recall that we discussed this matter at the Conference of Presidents. Consequently, the EU should not only broaden the scope of the political dialogue by
adding more partners, but should also complement it by integrating social and economic strategy as a priority. I would like to draw particular attention to the broad spectrum covered by the provisions of
the draft regulation, ranging from damages sustained by consumers and product liability, to traffic accidents and environmental damage, and defamation. In the Amsterdam Treaty, we have defined and improved
legal cooperation, and there is no reason to harmonize any further. The provisions introduced in this third Railway Package represent genuine progress for ordinary people, and I welcome them. Mr President,
may I begin by expressing my thanks and appreciation to the rapporteurs, Mr Oostlander, Mr Barón Crespo, Mr Colom i Naval, and also to Mr Spencer who has had a coordinating role, and to the many other
people who have contributed to the two reports, in the committees and the joint parliamentary committees. People here have been asking what has happened to our Mr González. Mr President, I should first of
all like to congratulate Mr Hutchinson on his excellent report. But when somebody accuses me of behaving like the policeman presenting corrupt evidence, I have to say that I regard that as an attack on
my honesty and my honour. At this juncture, the House should focus on the activities of trade unions in Zimbabwe, and in particular on the protests that the trade unions will be holding in the coming weeks. in
writing. - (DE) I have my reservations about the management of radioactive waste and, although this initiative contains some good ideas, it is not enough to solve the underlying problem, which is why I
abstained from voting. Many people in Flanders suspect that the ill-considered action by, , the Belgian Foreign Affairs Minister, may have played a part in the decision of the Ford management to streamline
the Genk assembly works. It is the citizens who are calling for it, the citizens who are the true protagonists of the Europe of today, but, more importantly, the protagonists of the Europe of tomorrow,
an enlarged, integrated Europe which is capable of meeting the challenge of globalisation. Coordination between national, state telecommunications companies would have provided greater and fairer technical
development and rationalisation. Late yesterday evening my staff in Brussels received a preliminary response. In the interests of equal treatment, however, I would ask the Commission to present a regulation
ensuring transparency also in non-governmental organisations, for example. As the report rightly states, European investment has had a major impact on the fast developing countries of Latin America and
Asia. However, the novelty of this proposal lies in the fact that the fund is not an interventionist one, but will enable aid to go to viable productions so that they can develop in the best possible conditions. Today
the Commission presented the communication to the EU ministers of finance at the Ecofin meeting, with a view to seeking their support on the proposed approach for the last Ecofin meeting of the Czech Presidency
in June 2009. I fully commend Elizabeth Lynne's report. Using European resources to protect forests against atmospheric pollution that ignores frontiers and protecting Community forests against fires are
Community activities that are worth strengthening and continuing. On behalf of this House, I will support the Italian Government, which is currently dealing with the issue and which is responsible for any
action taken. (DE) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, a similar picture seems to be emerging from within all the groups. Above all, does it intend to heed the wishes of citizens of entire
regions of Europe, where the majority of the population wishes to protect itself against GMOs, or does the Commission intend instead to be seduced by the misleading publicity alleging technological progress? in
writing. - I support this resolution which welcomes President Obama's closure of the detention facilities at Guantánamo Bay and his other important and related executive orders; It was not therefore a matter
of excluding a certain number of workers from third countries. The Commission can accept fully, in part, or in principle Amendments 1, 2, 5, 6, 8, 9, 12, 13, 14, 15, 17, 19, 20, 22, 24, 25, 26, 28, 29,
30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 35, 36, 37, 38, 39, 41, 42, 43, 44, 45, 46, 47, 48, 55, 57, 58, 59, 60, 61, 63, 64, 65, 66, 67, 68, 69, 70, 71, 72, 73, 74, 75, 76, 77, 78, 79, 81, 82, 83, 84, 85, 86, 87, 89, 90, 91,
92, 97, 103, 106, 113. We are aware of the absolute need on that occasion to bolster the position of the Palestinian leader Mahmoud&#160;Abbas in his courageous desire to reject violence and, as a first
step, to establish, in conjunction with Israel, a lasting ceasefire. But we should also be aware that many of the parents who are moving are doing this in what they believe is in the best interests of their
children, to provide greater opportunities for them. The Commission wants to move towards a VAT system based on ‘country of origin’ which would give it a central role and more power. I agree with those who
say that, as very clearly stated in the Quartet, we also have to speak out very clearly on the question of settlements, on the separation barrier. Thank you, Mr Frattini. I can only reiterate what I gather
has already been said a number of times, namely that we are in favour of a solution being found which takes account of the economic interests of the fleets in question and of the relevant environmental
considerations. To this end, we are hoping for support not only from the Commission but also, and above all, from the Council. After the conflict in Lebanon and in the new context of United Nations Security
Council resolution 1701 (2006), it is indeed the right moment to reassess where we are with our current policy. The amendments that I have made to this initiative by the Federal Republic of Germany include
imposing a duty on the central authorities to produce legal guidance on the official languages recognised by each court in each of the Member States and a duty to provide information on accredited legal
translation agencies. It needs tough love from us and I think that is what it gets from Doris Pack. It was Europe that instigated this response. However, I would call for a European representative to be seconded
to Indonesia, who could tell us whether the funds have been used to benefit the Indonesian people or not. Through this speech tonight, I would like to draw to the attention of all my colleagues the fact
that the Parliament's own Science and Technology Assessment Unit, of which I am privileged to be Vice-President, with my colleague Mr Busquin as President, is holding a major event in the June Strasbourg
week, called the STOA Experience. Mr President, I shall merely make the one observation, to the effect that I stand by every single word I said in my speech. So far, our work has been carried out in a very
positive atmosphere of cooperation, and I can assure you that the Council is prepared to continue this high-quality dialogue with a view to securing an agreement on the 2009 budget that is balanced and
satisfactory to all. It must not be the last remaining black mark. In turn, this teaches us to show solidarity with people who are different, who are less well-off and who, above all, have a harder time
of it than we do. Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the relationship between adolescents and alcohol is not a new problem. Relations between the various Central and Eastern European countries could well
become disrupted if they were forced to close their borders. I should like to raise three specific issues. How can we get involved with small and medium-sized enterprises, and also get students involved
with SMEs? I know, however, that the Commission does not look very kindly upon these proposed amendments. I hold Commissioner Kinnock in very high regard and I also value his optimism. We must therefore raise
awareness of the occurrence of this form of violence. This is the basis on which we will be judged by the European businesses, workers, consumers and unemployed people that stand to benefit from it. This
clause aims to prevent the emergence of unjustified monopolies, and its introduction represents a further step towards the creation of a single market. Revising the EU framework decision will allow the
inclusion of the concept of terrorism in specific preparatory acts, such as recruitment and training for terrorism and public provocation to commit terrorist acts, which will become criminal offences in
all Member States. (PT) When unemployment in Portugal has risen to one of the highest levels in the last 20 years, affecting women and young people in particular, yet another multinational is exerting pressure
on workers to rescind their contracts of employment. It was agreed at the Florence summit that these issues should receive priority. If things are really like this and we look at the motion of censure in
this light, then I believe that all of the group of signatories have something to think about. Leaving aside the question of the transition and adaptation problems, I would simply point out that the imposition
of a single currency on countries in different situations will cause major lasting problems of conciliation, generating incessant conflicts and likely in the end to divide Europe. I will not go back over
the objectives of each of the instruments, or not much. We have for years ignored the oppression that went on for 10 years in Kosovo. Naturally all countries must make every effort to pursue sound economic
policies. If this Committee is to have greater powers, then we would like the Commission to draw up annual reports on its work. I am able to agree with what has already been said: biogas can make a substantial
contribution towards achieving our goals for renewable energy sources, using fewer fossil energies and thereby also reducing CO2 emissions. The success of Lisbon rests with you, Mr Barroso. So here again
we need effective action. So I wish you well in coping with your difficult job and I also wish you strength in succeeding in it. Europe cannot miss this extraordinary opportunity. I cannot understand - and
I think the same can be said of the rapporteur and the entire Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development - why the Commission has not made the simulation results for the effects of these eight criteria
available to us. Thirdly, if Parliament thought the Commission was abusing the system, what do you think would happen the next time the Commission made a proposal concerning a certain directive? The question
of whether we will refrain from taking safeguard actions in the future and on other products remains. As a member of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety, I should, above all,
like to stress that health is affected by environmental factors. Here I fail to see the substantive embodiment of sustained development in Agenda 2000. Your invitation to move to lunchtime seems a very good
idea, especially if the food is Mediterranean. We ended up with 240 amendments, which, of course, we all worked through together. That dictatorship displayed the most extraordinary cruelty in its repression
of any opposition, and at the same time its dictator and his entourage was enormously corrupt, with their monopoly on big business and, in particular, smuggling. Finally, the transitional regulations should
be strengthened in order to guarantee continuity. The Fund must be elastic so it can adequately respond to situations, and do so comprehensively. It is a trendy, all-purpose concept on which everyone can
hang whatever they like, and that means that the question of geographical borders will need to be answered, for we can no longer dodge that question. There is, nonetheless, something to be learned from
all tragic events. It is vital that the best possible use be made of these resources for the common good. Do we want to end up with a federal budget - and to call it that - which equates to at least 2% of
GDP? People must become critical readers and engaged citizens when they are still in their childhood. I should like to thank the rapporteur, Mrs Hall, and the shadow rapporteur from my group, Mrs Trautmann. The
euphoria of the moment, however, should not blind us to certain developments that give less cause for optimism and more cause for disquiet. Furthermore, the United Kingdom, Ireland and Denmark are not participating
in the Blue Card with its ethics of not inviting specialists from sensitive sectors in developing countries. I think it was Mr White who asked about the other initiatives in this sector, but the situation
is that the drinking water directive, which I understand will soon be dealt with, is currently before Parliament. If it does not succeed, we may have to think about the compulsory reduction of livestock
headage. I would like to emphasise once again that it makes no difference to the climate whether we burn imported or domestic coal. To sum up, it can be said that in those areas where Parliament has a say,
it clearly has difficulties securing even small advances. This work is being threatened by a concentration of the communications field, of which there are recent examples in every member state, for example,
in Finland and Sweden. Economic growth in the Union is too low. It is therefore important to highlight the fact that global strategies are needed to achieve these goals, including democratic governance,
the protection of human rights and the rule of law, pro-poor economic growth, private sector development, trade development, human and social development and environmental sustainability. This REACH is
a missed opportunity and one that will probably not come round again. It is impossible to establish minimum and essential welfare provision by adding poverty to poverty, unemployment to unemployment. We
cannot be content with a vision of the Commission as a clerk' s office, making it a mere executor of orders from elsewhere. I strongly believe there should be common rules for penalties with those guilty
facing a minimum prison sentence of six years rising to ten years for more severe cases. in writing. - The process of enlargement has been an integral part of the development of the EU over the last 50
years. I raised the issue of the international travel ban on children from this country with the Belarus opposition leader Alexander Milinkevich during the PPE-DE Group meeting this morning. I would be surprised
if today we were not in a position to do the same. &#160;&#160; Mr President, on behalf of the ELDR Group I would like to congratulate the Commission, and Commissioner Bolkestein in particular, on his efforts
to try to reach agreement with the United States on such a difficult matter. In this context, the Council, the Commission and the European Parliament will each have to play an equally important and equally
influential role, but these roles must include active cooperation. The time has come for administrative flexibility, the simplification of rules, the flexibility of labour legislation, for example, to open
the way to new individual or collective ways of managing working hours. The Commission is prepared to accept almost half the amendments passed by Parliament, which really do improve the proposal. Its function,
on the one hand, is to provide information to consumers from one country to the next and, on the other, to increase awareness within industry and among citizens to recognise and promote environmental issues. My
objection is that only rather limited resources have been made available over a five-year period. The majority in Parliament rejected the prioritising of ecological sustainability and voted in favour of
an amendment stating that our policy towards countries outside the EU should be governed by the interests of European fisheries. Because our borders do not stop at the Mediterranean Sea. We had invited quite
high-level experts such as Nobel Peace Prize winner Rajendra Pachauri, and experts in science, research and, of course, politics. In effect, if the content of the directive is being changed, this is due
to the pressure of the five multinationals - Nestlé, Suchard, Mars, Cadbury and Ferrero - which already share over 70% of the European market but whose production capacity is hindered by the current dual
legislation. As grain and livestock producers are now totally dependant on direct payments for their incomes, the new proposals would put them out of business. I pay tribute to the new Commissioner, and
particularly the minister, who was in charge. They are in a worse position as lines have been closed. However, we must also recognise that the sovereignty of Poland and Lithuania must be accepted, and that
an alternative solution must be found, for I see the corridor option as being unacceptable for both legal and historical reasons. I should like to know whether, in these cases, the above sum will be added
to their allowance or not. I would like to say one more thing regarding the Financial Perspective. The terms 'illegal production' and 'consumer care' have a very nice ring to them, but I would like to know
why we do not show the same determination in protecting consumers against the consumption of imported eggs produced in conditions which do not meet the requirements introduced in the EU. Madam President,
unlike Mr Perry, I have no problem whatsoever with people demonstrating for their rights. Furthermore, in the IMO, agreements have already been reached about the obligatory use of a voyage data recorder
in bulk carriers. I do not think that paternity leave has a place in this directive. Therefore, we must unite to improve the defence of the interests of companies, citizens, Europeans, and therefore I think
that it is essential - yet we have not done this so far. The first consequence of this was that a number of Member States took the initiative themselves and, going beyond the Schengen Agreement, created
a special set of agreements in parallel, as it were, to the European Treaties, with the result that this internal market goal - the elimination of frontier controls - has now been achieved de facto in
at least part of the European Union. Lastly, the discussions in the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs and the content of the excellent draft legislative resolution presented
by Mr Watson confirm the feeling that there is at present a clear divergence - as you know and as was evident this morning - between the expectations of the European Parliament and the capacity of the
Council to reach unanimous agreement. Madam President, let me begin by congratulating Mrs Marinucci on this report. Question No 12 by Olivier Dupuis (H-0752/98) (NL) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the
fight against global warming is not just Europe's fight: it must become the whole planet's battle. Violence must be consigned to the past. The draft strategy should be seen in the context of following up
the recommendations put forward in 2006 by the WTO Aid for Trade Task Force. Firstly, what is the point of saying in paragraph 4 that we must commit ourselves to inter-country solidarity only to then point
out in paragraph 11 that under no circumstances are we bound by a country's commitments? I would add, to respond to what has just been said, that a 'one-stop shop' will be established to facilitate access
of SMEs to the programme. In the case of future Agreements the Commission should pay more attention to the deadlines and arrangements in order to avoid irritations of this sort, which give rise to ill feeling
between institutions and damage the international standing of the EU. It is true that he was involved in introducing the Social Chapter, as well as the employment strategy and the active labour market policy
in EU cooperation. This is why this instrument, which lays down uniform rules on the law applicable, is so important. Will this be done among States, or also among businesses? Today, Georgia is again at a
stage of rapid economic growth. The Conference of Presidents decided to also include the subject of the submarine in Gibraltar in the agenda. The genocide in Armenia is one such horror and such suffering
can only be alleviated if it is recognised. We are in favour of the creation of an international system based on multilateralism, as mentioned in Mr&#160;Brok’s report. However, there are sadly victims in
Europe, too, where the living conditions of many Europeans have dramatically worsened. (SK) Please allow me a few questions and a few comments. Is it a case of our constituting a minority? It is a specialised,
detailed report, but that is in the nature of the subject matter. The register should be an important element of the mechanism of the system for protecting consumers, including the youngest and most helpless. The
mass media should begin to inform them about the work of European institutions and the ways in which their decisions can affect everyday life. In addition, the French and British Members are currently opposed
to such a Community position on Europol. Consequently, businessmen and consumers are of course not exactly clear how this integrated production is supposed to benefit them; that is why I can only strongly
support Mr Wijkman. I am therefore confident that Bulgaria and Romania will enrich the Union without compromising the proper functioning of EU policies and institutions. Mr President, I will be very brief,
but since Mr Schulz mentioned my name, let me at least say the following: Mr Schulz, I had no wish in what I was saying in any way to attack you personally, but I think we have a serious debate here about
how to create competitive economies and how to stimulate competitive economies consistent with social cohesion and environmental stability. This is necessary because there is no such plan at the present
time. That does not mean that we underestimate the importance of food legislation. We can, on the other hand, make considerable efforts to phase out nuclear power in Eastern and Central Europe. This is not
only about the liberation of Aung San Suu Kyi, but also about the liberation of the Burmese people as a whole. However, we are now running the risk of the Kimberley system being used to legitimise another
practice, and that is human rights violations by regimes. Anyone in Serbia' s small and medium-sized towns who wants to see and hear anything other than what is spouted parrot-fashion by the state media
based in Belgrade is heavily reliant on these stations. The democratic benefits of giving European political parties a legal status are many. I would like to draw attention to the fact that Bulgaria can
only partially accept the proposals to amend Regulation 1234. (DE) Mr President, Mrs Regner, thank you very much for this opportunity. We do not want to see a United States of Europe, but a Community. What
can the European Union still accomplish here? Tomorrow's decision will not mean that Parliament will relinquish its demand to be involved. Improved cooperation, to which many of my fellow Members have already
referred, is also an urgent requirement and can benefit both sides. The implementation of the single market is leading to a constant increase in mobility, especially in the transport of people and goods. I
should therefore be interested to know, as far as possible, what Mr McDowell’s exact thoughts are on the matter. It is your responsibility to respond to citizens’ requests for even greater democracy, transparency
and governability. I would like to reiterate what I said at the beginning. In this resolution, the EP states that global challenges have been heightened by the financial crisis and its social consequences,
and have raised global debates regarding the need for a new regulatory approach and issues of governance in the global economy, including in international trade. &#160;&#160; Mr&#160;President, it is essential
that, in order to prevent abuses and to avoid temptation, the tasks devolved to the Community agencies be defined very precisely, even though the number of such agencies is tending to multiply at an alarming
rate. The European Union economy will grow more this year than previously foreseen, but recovery is not yet firmly established; there is no room for complacency, as we have said several times, particularly
when one sees the still very high figures for unemployment. It is a dangerous and undesirable situation. Obviously the Tobin Tax is quite different from the financial transaction tax and this is where the
confusion often is leading. Their fate is often heavily marked by history. Four times more women than men across Europe work part-time. For years, the Council has approved faulty accounts and so disqualified
itself from finding the right candidate. I consider the criticism absurd for a number of reasons. Secondly, the budget must be forward-looking. Such a mission will both examine how the European Union can
help end the terrorism and demonstrate the strong feelings of the peoples of Europe for the terror and sufferings of the people of Algeria. We shall have to hold these debates because Articles 311, 312
and 324 of the treaty mention a number of consultations that must take place between our various institutions, and we shall ensure that they do take place because they are provided for in the treaty. We
already have the Schengen area in Europe for freedom of movement and security. Four: reorientation of the aid under the European Fisheries Fund. (RO) Let me begin by congratulating the rapporteur for tackling
this issue of agricultural product quality. For this daily newspapers as well as specialist newspapers, specialist weeklies and local papers play a most important role towards pluralism, analysis of news
and above all depth of knowledge. If they have an interest, then they might indeed do so. This is the perfect opportunity for the European Union, the Council and Commission to fulfil its ambition of being
a peace-maker in the Middle East. That is why we need clear objectives now. However, the rules of profitability and the principle of competition run counter to these objectives and these functions. In conclusion,
I should like to point out that democracy is about making an informed choice. In July, the negotiators at ministerial level adopted an ambitious work programme for the next twelve months. There is a long-established
idea that close relations between higher education and business can only benefit both parties. That phenomenon is the result of low birth rates and increased life expectancy, especially amongst women. Employment
policy is based, of course, upon what we call open coordination which, most recently at the Lisbon Summit, has been highlighted as a method that may be used within many other areas of policy. The report
takes the trouble to explain that 'the principles of GATS do not prohibit either privatisation or deregulation' and stipulate that after the entry into force of the WTO Agreement, periodic negotiation
rounds should be held 'with a view to achieving a progressively higher level of liberalisation'... Secondly, enlargement inevitably involves revision of the European Union's financial perspectives, which
were conceived and established before the prospect of enlargement was even on the horizon. This is a legitimate concern, but we must, above all, ensure that the concept as a whole does not spark off another
immigration wave. By the year 2010, it is estimated that the number of environmental refugees will have doubled. Once a prospectus has been approved in one Member State, it is valid throughout the Union. We
live in a Europe in deep crisis: millions of jobs have been lost and genuine recovery is still a long way off; the European Centre for the Development of Vocational Training forecasts the creation of 8.5
million new jobs, including replacement jobs, by 2020, but most of these will be for highly or medium-skilled workers, to the detriment of low-skilled workers. Following the ancient saying of Hippocrates:
'prevention is better than cure', an integrated strategy would consist of promoting effective prevention. Let me ask you: what is more absurd than a new Berlin Wall on a sandy subtropical Black Sea beach? In
that context, it is important to emphasize that, for the first time, the Treaty of Amsterdam gives the Court of Justice jurisdiction over matters relating to human rights and fundamental liberties, including
the right of association. They guide us in our behaviour. Typically, one European container transport company operates 550 ships while, by contrast, a similar Asian company operates 112 ships. Even today,
Cyprus is divided by a wall, by barbed wire, and by minefields. Anyway, I think these statements should make you think. Which brings me to the single market. Maintaining high safety standards, whilst preventing
the protection of abuses on our own market, is a good combination of priorities. We take the view that the Commission should shape this policy in such a way that the European Union does not redraw ethical
boundaries. I should like to single out two controversial points. Thank you, Mr Lange. Let me remind the House that there was a time when the United States of America, under the Clinton administration, reached
agreement with North Korea on energy supply programmes. The more than 20 million unemployed are being used to impose a further devaluation of the workforce on the remaining workers, making the lack of job
security widespread, employment intermittent, and unemployment structural. We are hoping that the parties will commit to finding a pragmatic solution for continuing the discussions, which should allow all
the outstanding issues to be dealt with, in particular arrangements for security and stability, including in the upper Kodori Valley and in the Akhalgori region, as well as, of course, the pressing matter
of displaced persons. More regulations, more responsibility and the opportunity for trust as part of the operation of the free market - this is what Europe needs today. Several initiatives have been taken
to hone the concepts, including a seminar organised a few days ago, on 27 October, by the Belgian Presidency in cooperation with Finland and the Commission, and as for the timetable, the notion of urgency
is well and truly present in the Europe 2020 strategy. Firstly, there must be a balance between the plans for which the strategic environmental assessment is obligatory and those for which we have to make
a selection. It is, however, important for this impact assessment to be carried out by an independent body. A few remarks are in order. The Council adopted the directives on the conclusion of the agreement
on 1 October of last year, and the agreement was initialled on 10 December and signed on 24 February of this year. A database must be created to enable the collection and exchange of information. Even if
the Chair has some flexibility when it is a show of hands, I am afraid in these circumstances it is not possible to reopen it. It is true that it does not include any specific reference to the transportation
of radioactive material. I too can quote a statistic, from the Federal Republic of Germany, where the provisions in force are particularly stringent. I would like to hear more about it. The Commission shares
the concerns expressed by Parliament, which have just been repeated here, about the military situation and the arming of civilian militias. The package deals with the monitoring of traffic at sea, investigations
into accidents at sea, the liability of people carriers in case of accident at sea, port state control, common standards and regulations for the organisations involved in ship inspection and control. There
are issues related to compliance with standards in the new Member States, notably in the social and environmental fields. Although it could do with some improvement and streamlining, the regulation which
affects this report provides a sound legal basis. The public will be able to follow all stages of the dialogue step by step since the documents forwarded will be accessible via our web pages. The Union must
demonstrate its clear condemnation of this policy and it must also be clear that such a reaction to peaceful demonstrations is only pouring petrol on the flames. I think that is sensible, just to make my
view on it clear. Mr President, I wish to make three small points to add to what my fellow Members have said. It is true, we must combat the menace of alcoholism in young people, and this text successfully
highlights the role that families, teachers, producers and retailers must play in this area. Thirdly, I am pleased that, in his report, Mr Giegold emphasises the importance of having a clear environmental
and climate perspective, even in times of crisis. However, I am concerned and disappointed that the legal services of the institutions prevented elected MEPs from tabling more far-reaching amendments to
this controversial piece of legislation. I would like to thank Mr Jarzembowski for his support for the proposals the Commission will shortly present. I would like again to thank the rapporteur, Mrs&#160;Laperrouze,
and all the shadow rapporteurs who have had the patience to negotiate with the Council and, at the appropriate moment, reached this overall compromise that I can accept. In addition to these, 500 new legislative
initiatives have been included in another rolling programme specifically dedicated to codifications, some 200 of them in 2007 alone. To this end, it was established that various economic reforms were necessary,
as well as a strengthening of research and social cohesion, but nevertheless, in almost all the Member States we are seeing constant examples of relocation of companies whose owners, generally multinationals,
are seeking greater profit margins by reducing the manufacturing costs of products, establishing their industries in countries with cheaper workforces and, sometimes, with fewer environmental controls. However,
we still have the problem of the EUR 27 million and I await with interest to see what the Council will do with that sum on 19 July. Without doubt, it will also require some additional work which we shall
have to think about. Let me thank our honourable guests from Spain, from France, from Germany, and the presidents of our institutions, the Commission and the Council, for being together with us. Not only
in the multilateral fora I have mentioned but also in our bilateral contracts with both the Russian Federation and Georgia. We need this if we are to make full use of the opportunities provided by the common
currency. I am aware of the difficulties involved in this, but I trust in your ability to achieve it. From now on, these two divorcing people will soon be in a position to choose which European Union legal
system will govern their divorce. The Commission has already done a great deal in this area, and the presentation of this proposal for a Regulation is just one element of a concerted action undertaken by
the Commission over several years. Enlargement policy and neighbourhood policy complement each other. It is important that the European Parliament and the Commission are seen to be serving the public of
Europe. The EU and the Member States need to harmonise their efforts and to enact more legislation with a view to taking serious punitive action against those who are in default. And of course we will consult
and inform the European Parliament on progress in this field. There can be no doubt that this Directive is necessary, but nevertheless, it is doubtful whether the text approved will resolve the problems
which have been raised. Mr President, before I finish I wish to inform you that this morning the European Commission debated the outline programme on energy. In order to meet this challenge it is essential
to consolidate the supranational cooperation of all Member States. Our younger generation must be properly aware of our common European heritage because it is very important for there to be no variations
in the different versions or attempts at populist interpretation, as this is our common European history and it reflects our entire cultural and linguistic diversity. Much of it is lying dormant within
the European budget, or can be released by the movement of funds. Having said that, we cannot be criticised for the help we have given the Commission in its staffing needs over the last two years. A simple,
precise 'EU label' for animal protection could help us harmonise the currently diverging systems of animal-protection labelling and lay down minimum standards for animal protection applicable throughout
the EU - and, I hope, beyond our borders, too, in the near future. It is about how we put into practice the Treaty of Amsterdam on integrating sustainability concerns into all policy areas, even the very
difficult ones. The intention is for consumers to be able to find out quickly what products contain and where they come from, along with other important information. That way we could kill two birds with
one stone and increase solidarity. Have the partners to date handled their commitments, economic or otherwise, in the proper manner? But Azerbaijan’s President has committed himself now to holding free and
fair parliamentary elections this November. Nowhere were the voters able to say what they thought about your plans. Mr President, the PPE-DE does not support the first part of paragraph 13, because at this
time we are in favour of redistributing funds rather than reprioritising: it is already happening in fact. So I think it is only fair that someone who can speak and urge Members to speak in favour of the
resolution should be able to do so. Madam President, I want to thank the rapporteur, Mr Liese, and congratulate him on the excellent report he has presented, as well as the Committee on the Environment,
Public Health and Consumer Policy on the work done. It wants Europe to be run by the executive, to be under the leadership of national governments, a bring-and-buy for national interests. Every effort should
be made to allow these alternative policies to succeed, but this is not the verdict handed down by our rapporteurs, in spite of the lack of information from the Commission. I listened to Mrs Létard and
she asked us to behave responsibly, and I believe Mr Cercas has done just that. This will give patients a 100% guarantee that they are entitled to as much treatment as they have cover for, but also that
they will arrive at the right place and receive the relevant treatment. &#160;&#160; The next item is Question Time (B6-0236/2005). Thank you, Mr van der Waal. Vegetable oil will be labelled with its country
of origin, and that is excellent. Mr President, I shall make no remarks about football. I do not however believe that it would be right, at a formal sitting like today' s, simply to pass on the sum total
of information currently available without putting it in the actual context we find ourselves in. You will remember that I informed the House at the time that I would ask the Legal Affairs Committee, in
accordance with our Rules of Procedure, to give an opinion on this issue. What we are asking for is transparency and a balance between the public discourse and the negotiations conducted behind closed doors. But
if we deprive people of those instruments they have won but used wrongly, we will all end up empty-handed - and without coins, banking systems and financial policies. The Commission has already been dealing
with the issue of salmon dumping from Chile, Norway and the Faroe Islands and an investigation is ongoing in the Trade Directorate-General. (PL) Mr President, territorial and social cohesion prevents conflicts
by eliminating their causes. There is, of course, the question of pre-accession aid, and this belongs in category seven. Moreover, she was reprimanded for interviews given to the foreign press during this
period. Let us just admit it! Maybe the Commissioner would be kind enough to comment with regard to that particular case. They show that reform is not necessarily synonymous with regression. I woke up this
morning and my blood ran cold when I realised how we have behaved. Because of this it is now particularly important to remind ourselves that awareness of the threat, the danger to the environment does not
emanate from politics or the established parties, but from the population, from the core of civil society, with its thousands of civic actions and community initiatives. Lower taxes are required in Sweden,
but higher taxes may also perhaps be required in some other EU countries. The Socialist Group, with a majority of members on the Committee on Culture, has now made the European Parliament's position more
flexible by accepting that we can regard as European programmes those which are made in European studios. The public has a very ambivalent view of European structural policy. But it is also true that there
have been times when we have seen behaviour on the part of the European negotiators as well as certain Member States which has been excessively bureaucratic, defensive and at times nit-picking. To reverse
the trend, that is away from the military and towards conflict prevention and peaceful conflict settlement, is the crucial challenge facing this European Parliament. The package we are going to discuss
today constitutes the penultimate phase and naturally supplements the work carried out over the last four years. That centre was useful at the time but, once the friendship treaty was concluded, it no longer
had any reason to exist. This report and the ecological disasters that it claims to manage are a reminder to us of how urgent it is to abandon nuclear energy. At the moment, I do not know what the situation
is with Article 23 or the amendments intended to remove it. To achieve this, three things must happen. I would like to congratulate the Commission on its proposal which is balanced and in proportion to the
problem. Monopoly situations, be they public or private, must be replaced by competition and diversity with a view to increased fairness and better economic management. In this new era that has just begun,
it is also important that Israel gives signs of hope, good will and cooperation, and pursues its justified and legitimate struggle against terrorism in compliance with the principles of international law. Participation
of Switzerland in the 'Youth in Action' programme and in the action programme in the field of lifelong learning ( The success of the Rhine in this mode of transport was a recurring theme of the hearing
in Brussels. There was no answer to the question as to how the institutions of the European Union could function more effectively in an enlarged Union. We have already had a request for vessels from Thailand. We
do not have guilty and innocent parties here, just victims. Indeed, we must not raise wild hopes that we cannot satisfy. The Estrela report, as debated and amended, pursues with conviction the principle
of reconciling private and working life and that of equal opportunities, and therefore of healthy and balanced progress. Next, given transnational lists and the opportunity to be included in those lists,
minority groups throughout the Member States could gain representation in the European Parliament. I would also point out that, obviously, as shipping is an international problem, international measures
are also required, which is why cooperation with the International Maritime Organisation is always required. The EU also supports the initiative to create a Special Rapporteur on the situation of human
rights in Iran, as proposed by several countries and regions. The last pieces of the internal market are being put in place. As the Commissioner has quite rightly pointed out, there are rules for the meat
preparations in question. The list of neglected diseases continues. The interests of the ruling orders of the ΕU and the USA have been set against those of the new Russian commanding order and are confronting
each other with such violence that they may lead the country and the region into unforeseen developments. Mr President, Commissioner, the report deals with one of the most important problems that the European
Constitutional Convention has to solve, namely how to integrate the Charter of Fundamental Rights into the future European constitutional treaty and guarantee loophole-free protection of fundamental rights
in the European Union. It makes sense, then, that all the work that has gone into establishing those systems does not go to waste and that we do not create unnecessary extra administrative burdens; that
is far from being our intention. – B5-0445/03 tabled by Bastiaan Belder, on behalf of the EDD Group; I would like to enlarge on what you mentioned in that context; on the one hand new draft laws, and on
the other, the checking of laws already in force. I congratulate the rapporteur on his fine report in helping achieve that aim. We believe that the image of our relations with the United States should improve
and should better reflect the real state of our relations. It is important for the summit to make clear commitments not to put Europe into low-energy mode. The debate on this issue, as it appears in Tunisia,
is crucial and relevant. I voted for this report on the proposal which amends Regulation (EC) No 2006/2004 on cooperation among national authorities responsible for the enforcement of consumer protection
legislation. Firstly, it is to be welcomed that a distinction is drawn between actual economic consequences of 11 September and political and economic deficiencies that preceded them by some considerable
time. We feel that the European Parliament, which was the first to underline the issues and the problems of pan-European crime, should be the institution to which the European Prosecutor is accountable. We
expect to hear from you that through the codecision procedure you will review the proposal for a regulation as soon as possible in the light of new scientific and quantitative detection techniques so as
to enable us to better address issues such as compound foods containing genetically modified organisms or their products. The ELDR Group believes that the dialogue with Turkey must continue on issues such
as the acceptance of Kurdish migrants in the region and the improving of human rights generally. On the contrary, I am thinking about the conditions in which it can succeed. I got to know many representatives
of the refugees again. I have therefore voted against this motion for a resolution. The area of security is much more developed, with the growth of Europol over the years, to which we have today added the
fight against organised crime; but this is the repressive function of the State. Already their military wing is a classified terrorist organisation and their despicable and tragic policy of recruiting suicide
bombers must be repeatedly and universally condemned by all. Why is this peculiar system being proposed? We call on the Council of the EU to vote on joint action which will enable the peace plan to be duly
implemented without delay. I am delighted to be here today with an equally clear result. We will be working hard on the single market action plan approved in Amsterdam and, together with the Austrian Presidency,
we aim to get it completed by the end of 1998. In this assessment, we must also take account of the fact that the elections held in Bosnia in November 2000 led to everything' s having taken an extremely
long time, what with negotiations and the High Representative' s having had to intervene etc. In my view, biogas represents a convenient option from both an economic and an environmental viewpoint. Finally,
Iran's candidacy in the UNHRC elections to be held in May 2010 is of particular concern and must be followed up with strong EU action to prevent countries with a dubious human rights record from being
elected. This is why I hope that Parliament will have the courage to make a determined effort in its attempt to influence the Israeli and Palestinian civil societies and make a strong gesture by inviting
Mr Arafat and Mr Peres to Strasbourg, in order to break down the barriers isolating Yasser Arafat. That is precisely the reason and I am also referring to the Commission's policy for which the choice of
regions is so often submitted to a very strict evaluation based on certain criteria, including unemployment and a weak economic structure. How much will enlargement cost? This measure will in fact provide
a response to the considerable increase in declared amounts of catches landed outside the Convention zone, but which are thought to be the result of illegal fishing practised in the zone covered by the
agreement. That can only happen - whether in the context of a European Monetary Fund as proposed by Mr Schäuble, or by another means - if we also have European solidarity. This means that our timetable has
been set back considerably, but we also have the courtesy to fulfil our commitments to our guests. It is therefore clear - not least because we will talk later about rare earths in the following debate
- that innovation, raw materials and industrial policy are all part of a single strategy, and, to my mind, the revision of the Small Business Act also forms part of the same strategy. The reopening of the
European Humanities University in Vilnius, a Belarusian university-in-exile that offers a place of refuge for students who are victims of political persecution, was a wise move. in writing. - I am opposed
to nuclear fission power on the principle of safety, while I support ongoing research into the potential of nuclear fusion as a possible safer alternative in the longer term. We need courage and vision. These
replace Amendments Nos 2 to 6, 9, 11, 12, 15, 17, 18, 20, 25 and 27, which I do not support. The planned tidying-up exercise, however, would be neither complete nor relevant if the comparative tests funded
by the European Union were limited to currently certified seed and plants included in the Union's common catalogue. Having said that, I must admit that not a great deal was actually said, because there
remains a very marked rift over how this is to be achieved. Finally, I should like to reassure Mr&#160;Caspary that the agreement with China will enable volumes to be stabilised, with a reasonable annual
rate of increase of 8% to 12%. Within the next two years! This provides a hint of the problem that we have when reading your communication. It is pointless to think of changing the Stability Pact, which would
just be a palliative measure, while the real cure is an economic and social development policy at European Union level. I pointed out to him that the first time I recalled us raising the issue was with
the United States. We hope the results will meet their expectations. The ideas of the three main groups of this House are so similar where economic, trade, social and employment policy are concerned that
they have straight away tabled a single resolution on the forthcoming European Council. This is the procedure which the Council has followed and in which the Commission is not involved. As regards the intergroups,
the group chairmen have already ordered that each intergroup must declare whether it has external sources of funding, and which Members from at least three groups are its sponsors. The isolation of Tibet
must stop - for the inhabitants, for tourists, for journalists. We do not believe that the EU should sit in judgment on individual states in Europe; or the world, for that matter. Clearly this is a complex
sector with many aspects and we will therefore have much to do to achieve our goal. I should set out that no one – not the European Union nor the wider international community – is trying to prevent Iran
from generating electricity by nuclear power, as Iran has sometimes claimed. We should take advantage of that significant step in order to push forward from within the European Union. It would not be acceptable
for EU leaders to seek ways of avoiding or circumventing the democratically expressed wishes of the people. The meeting in Tampere did not take us quite that far; the resolutions merely refer to a common
area. They are fully aware of the whole Union' s opposition to the death penalty and all executions. In daily meetings with Member State experts, the Commission has coordinated assessment measures: the establishment
of common case definitions, case reporting, patient questionnaires, sharing perspectives on treatment, and hygiene advice to the public are some of the outputs we have achieved in a very short time span. (DA)
There are many reasons why I cannot vote for this report. One could welcome this new initiative, which the majority of Europeans want, were it really aimed at dramatically reducing immigration. If we consider
that the problems of congestion and pollution are becoming ever more serious, we can hardly overestimate the importance of this initiative. The EU must not stoke up the fight for the blue gold. This approach
is gradually being adopted, for example, in the Baltic Sea, but it has not been taken up in the 2020 strategy, and therefore could very well be nipped in the bud when the funds for its implementation need
to be released. It remains to be seen whether this really will happen with the Commission and Parliament. &#160;&#160; I would firstly like to thank the rapporteur for her excellent work on this well-balanced
report. Without the support of the Member States, without the support of the public representatives at borough, county and national level, without the support of all the institutions, we will not get directly
to the citizen, because either we are here doing our work or we are involved in communication and information processes with our citizens. It provides an opportunity for young people from the whole of Europe
to be able to train in other countries and to meet other young people from the rest of Europe. Above all, however, we have been working to convince others for years. Advances have been made on all aspects
relating to the Community method, or liberalisation, whereas no progress has been made with any aspects which required the commitment of the Member States and which depended on the open method of coordination,
such as investment in research, innovation, training, the quality of social dialogue and human capital. Like Mr Paasilinna, I believe that the new approach will allow the framework directive to play a key
role in setting the generally applicable regulations. It is better to prevent any damage that might be caused by lack of explanation or debate rather than have to repair it. in writing. - (PT) I voted in
favour of Dan Jørgensen's report on the promotion of clean and energy-efficient road transport vehicles because I feel that industry must be encouraged to invest in the development of vehicles with low
energy consumption and low greenhouse gas emissions. If we do want to plant the seeds of democracy in this country, we shall certainly not be able to do so while our representatives there become perpetrators
instead of bringing aid. Mr President, I would like the section of the Minutes concerning the vote on the calendar for part-sessions in 1997 to be corrected regarding my vote on Amendment No 27. There are
wider questions to be answered about the nature of the Olympics themselves. However, micro-enterprises will be able to continue to draw up annual accounts on a voluntary basis, submit them to auditing and
send them to the national register. First of all, with this directive we are granting the public important new rights. This extension will allow the European Union’s relations with the Mediterranean region
to be examined in the light of the European Council’s assessment of the strategic partnership for the Mediterranean and the Middle East in June 2005, of the Barcelona Process in the context of its tenth
anniversary in 2005 and of the development of European neighbourhood policy over the same period. We proposed a period of two years but could accept three. One thing that has been made clear to us is that
in next year's budget there could be shortfalls, especially in the Structural Funds, where the Category 2 expenditure on payments may well have to be exceeded. The bad characters are more the Member States
themselves, and the European institutions together have caused a number of strategic problems in this area. If the main guiding principle of our democracies is equality before the law, it is imperative
that we adopt a policy that provides for persons who have entered the EU illegally to be systematically returned to their country of origin. The new intermediate category remains controversial. I return
to the wisdom of the Committee on Budgets (COBU), which states that 'the amount scheduled for the year 2007 is subject to approval by the Budgetary Authority for the Financial Perspective beyond 2006.' I
can accept Amendments Nos 2 to 6, 8 to 11, 13, 15, 21 to 23 and 26. Now, the proposal on rural development is clear enough but it should nevertheless ensure the achievement of that object and it is, in
fact, a long way from doing so, in view of the sparseness of the financial resources provided. But that means that we must also set high standards for ourselves, on the subject of which, I am attracted
by the idea of imposing a kind of interinstitutional Code of Conduct on the committee. Finally, the Commission should only have an implementing role here, not an initiating one, but since, in this particular
case, the present Commission seems to have drawn up draft reforms for the post-Amsterdam period, it should publish them. That was then revised. If you do not mind, Madam President, I have one last comment. I
wanted to take part in the Geneva Process, but it seems that was difficult for the Government of Sri Lanka. If I am not mistaken, during voting time on Thursday 25 October, my vote by roll call on the second
part of Amendment No 559 on the budget, and more specifically on premiums for tobacco, has been incorrectly recorded. It is true that the momentum for reform has slowed down in Turkey in the past year. Under
the German Criminal Code and Tax Code, the offence of tax evasion can only be punished if the taxpayer is aware that it is a case of tax evasion and does it intentionally. A similar situation has arisen
in the North Sea. Amendment No 12 proposes enlarging the scope of the directive by including VOCs with a boiling point - as several Members have mentioned - up to 280°C rather than the 250°C proposed by
the Commission. I would still argue that we ought to broker an agreement between Parliament and the Council before the elections. Let us set up a unified EU testing network to facilitate close cooperation,
not only in the field of testing, but also in research in sports sciences. (HU) In his inaugural address, President Medvedev stated that his most important task was to protect freedom and restore the rule
of law. I have to ask: why are Russian army units still present in the village of Pereva? Public opinion in Poland is largely in favour of forests continuing to be state-owned. I think that especially after
the Lisbon Treaty and the Charter of Fundamental Rights enter into force, the EU should further elaborate its approach towards these communities. It is not easy to answer this question because resources
for culture and education always seem to be particularly limited. I look forward to continuing to work in cooperation with this Parliament, and in particular with both the chairman of the Committee on Budgets,
Mr Samland, and the two rapporteurs for the 1999 budget, Mrs Dührkop Dührkop and Mr Viola. I regret that Parliament rejected attempts to ban junk food advertising during children's programmes. Finally, reinforcing
economic governance is absolutely essential in order to reinforce the credibility of the euro and I do indeed count on your support when you vote on the resolution on Europe 2020 and on reinforcing economic
governance. We are not, in fact, playing with words here. In Britain people have got used to copying their favourite TV programme and watching it at leisure at the time most convenient for them. I cannot
prejudge anything. First, I call on the Council to correct the number of seats in the European Parliament for the Czech Republic and Hungary immediately; there must be no discrimination against these two
countries. We have sophisticated scientific and technological knowledge. The national supervisory authorities will also be given a better opportunity to coordinate themselves and exchange information. They
cannot all be fools and scatterbrains. Now, public services cannot be subject principally to internal market rules because their objectives are long-term objectives, not immediate profitability, whether
they relate to social and territorial cohesion, equal treatment or, as is sometimes the case, even equal pricing. The fragmented internal security situation and the diverse agendas of the Arab neighbouring
countries could turn this country into another breeding ground for international terrorism. In other words a surplus of three billion turned into a deficit of 64 billion, taking 67 billion out of Sub-Saharan
Africa's spending power. Firstly, because it takes place in the spring. And we will support the rapporteur provided that certain amendments by the honourable Members seated opposite are not approved. Universal
service is also important because it is one of the very few ways in which the European Union institutions can exercise some real control over this hugely profitable sector of industry. What are we demanding
of workers? We will do this primarily for the benefit of the developing countries. (PT) The Green Paper on 'A European Strategy for Sustainable, Competitive and Secure Energy' forms the basis of the European
Energy Efficiency Action Plan, to be submitted at the beginning of 2007, a highly important document that will play a key role in combating climate change, environmental pollution and the abuse of natural
resources, and in safeguarding energy supplies. on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group. - (ES) Madam President, the Polish Government is issuing a challenge to the European Institutions. (FR) Mr President, Commissioner,
ladies and gentlemen, we have been working on this issue for three years now and, in view of the challenges and the huge lobbying efforts of the food industry, I am delighted with the result achieved. Anybody
who thinks that these Stage II tests are a pushover, or are easily attainable with current technology, needs to take a serious look at what is going on in the industry and not sit in this House drawing
up unrealistic amendments. At the Nice Summit in 2000, the Member States undertook to bring about a significant, measurable reduction in poverty and social exclusion by 2010. There is a national remedial
programme in Hungary, but not a word about consistent implementation of it. With regard to these people it is also necessary to apply certain measures so that they can rebuild their lives correctly, not
only from an economic point of view, but also through psychological, legal, medical and social assistance. 'You study hard for the next three years, and as soon as you graduate I will tell them so they
can all give you a round of applause.' A step-by-step approach is essential. That is far too many. Better training for drivers, road safety education in schools, information campaigns, enforcement of traffic
regulations such as those relating to rest and driving times for professional drivers (with a serious chance of getting caught) are indispensable if this reduction is to be achieved. However, is this instrument
really still effective, or have the terrorists already found ways of sidestepping these controls? (SK) I would like to thank you for giving us the opportunity to discuss this issue. At the same time, and
for this very reason, since this programme involves such a priority area and we are talking about an instrument that is intended directly for these NGOs and civil society organisations, it is important
that Parliament has a say in the elaboration of the strategy and long-term programme, and it is essential that Parliament should see how these funds are used, and not only at the end of the seven-year
financial framework. In any case, the way is clear for future discussion of this issue bearing in mind future developments and what will be enshrined in terms of the definitive structures. Mr President,
I don't think that what I have to say will produce such a heated reaction. On behalf of the Members of the European Parliament, I wish to express my thanks for the excellent work carried out by our sign
language interpreter during this sitting, which has enabled us to provide everyone with greater equality of access to our debates. Mr President, I wish to end by making a couple of important points. For
this reason I feel that, in the definition of who can apply for funds from the framework programme, there must be room for organisations other than those we traditionally regard as municipal organisations. It
should also be made accessible to all for the purposes of cultural research, training and enjoyment, a principle that should of course be applied to all other manifestations of cultural heritage. In my
view, it is not for the report to comment on this but, rather, up to the Member States to decide on the policy they generally wish to enforce, or resume enforcing, where users are concerned. Nabucco is
advancing well, as has been reported in the Council. As regards the developing countries' generalised access to vaccines, the new flu pandemic has revived the debate which has been going on for well over
two years within the WHO and the working party making the preparations for the flu pandemic, set up at the request of the World Health Assembly, following the decision made by Indonesia, referred to by
Mr Goerens. Since it has not been possible to reach agreement on the dates for liberalisation of mail advertising and incoming mail, nor on the methods and schedule, we are going to withdraw from the notice
everything relating to dates because effectively, as long as there is no agreement on this point, we cannot refer to it in the application of rules relating to competition either. The legal text presents
the definition of direct and indirect discrimination, assault and sexual assault; it requires Member States to encourage employers to adopt measures that prevent all forms of gender discrimination; and
it safeguards workers' rights following maternity or paternity leave. Thirdly, it is important for the Commission to very actively follow developments with regard to competition on the new-car market. Mr
President, this enlargement project is to the little country I hail from, Denmark, a matter of national pride. We do not want price-fixing any more than we want hostile cartels, and you must never suggest
that my colleague Mrs Kratsa-Tsagaropoulou does! In terms of Palestine, that means upholding the UN Resolutions. We nevertheless agree with this law, even if it is not necessary for us. I understand that
the Package Travel Directive is being reviewed, and this must be done urgently. Convention on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters ( On the other
hand it is desirable to take measures to stimulate coastal transport. I am extremely disappointed in the Council and, I have to say, in the Commissioner himself. European comparisons will show up, one hopes,
strengths but also weaknesses that are currently hidden by evaluation systems limited to a single educational system. Given these circumstances, coordination is the path we should follow in order to obtain
the maximum common benefit from various interlocking institutional processes designed to develop the social policies that the EU already has. It is a disciplined budget and a sound one from the point of
view of state finances. There are stories going around at the moment that in Britain they are going to actually block sales to certain countries in the world because of the campaign against the arms trade. We
have demanded action and warned against passivity on the part of the West. The next item is the report (A5-0081/2000) by Mr Pesälä, on behalf of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development, on the
proposal for a Council regulation amending Regulation (EC) No 1255/1999 on the common organisation of the market in milk and milk products (COM(1999) 631 - C5-0339/1999 - 1999/0254(CNS)). As well as social
standards, corporate social responsibility should contribute to sustainable growth, but companies should not avoid dialogue with employees and they must respect and promote decent employment relations,
encourage employee participation through consultation and information and through collective bargaining, develop vocational skills and lifelong learning, comply with work safety standards, promote equality
of men and women, create a proper environment for social partners to anticipate and manage changes that have taken place in the labour market, including restructuring, improve the quality of work, and
integrate and protect vulnerable groups of workers, such as young people, the elderly, disabled people and migrants. Secondly, how much in the way of foreign reserves will the ECB, in practice, spend on
buying up kroner in order to support and defend the Danish currency? That would make sense; it is also right that we have made improvements where the protection of data is concerned. We must design and build
the European Union of the future by working together and with mutual respect. (FR) 'being proactive in politics, that is the most difficult exercise'. Member of the Commission. - Madam President, the tsunami
and earthquake that hit Japan last March constituted a major tragedy. That depends on us. It adds enormous cost and delay to industry and severely disrupts and inconveniences the lives of people living in
the South East of England. We cannot in Europe look only at the way we produce our food under the CAP. This strategy will certainly require further progress in automotive engineering. What I mean is that
forests have a multi-functional role. We must also support the setting up of the European Centre for missing children. This happened, for instance, with the CTEs which are designed to turn our farmers into
environmental officers, rewarded not by the fruit of their labours but by subsidies paid in return for their submission to the Gosplan of Brussels. As one speaker said in the course of today's discussion,
affordability depends to a great extent on income levels in individual Member States. The Commission has already undertaken a great deal of work on rules for improved openness and transparency in public
sector purchasing and in support bodies to third countries. Following the Lisbon Strategy's failures regarding the goal of cohesion, not least the lack of adequate consultation of the European Parliament
and of participation by regional and local authorities, the report stresses the importance of the cohesion policy's contribution to future strategic objectives. The outcome of the Spring Summit will have
a serious impact on what we do next to achieve the Lisbon objectives and we need to make sure Europe can withstand medium-term uncertainties. Combating the culture of impunity must be a priority. The statistical
effect should not therefore be taken into account so as to retain Objective 1 as it stood. We have to look for the woody rather than liquid biofuels for transport. This report is founded on erroneous principles,
which then affect its entire development and some of its central ideas. I wanted to express my vote against the report in relation to single residence permits for citizens of third countries because today,
in the House, some amendments were voted to exclude the requirement for employment as being necessary in order to have access to benefits and social services. That is the very important second pillar. This
cooperation must also cover forms of civil and military collaboration in areas of common interest, including pioneering fields such as the new space technologies, nanotechnologies and defence research. Has
the time not come for a real EU policy, for example on arms supplies? I therefore call strongly on the Commissioner to proceed with this request by the European Parliament, which certainly speaks on behalf
of citizens and consumers in Europe. That means that anybody based in the European Union - EU citizens - no longer have any legal protection, because Twitter is US-based. We do not share the vision with
regard to trade in raw materials contained in the report. We have an obligation to examine the record in human rights of the people we do business with. Very quickly, then, I would like to suggest that other
criteria are used for the allocation of funds than just the rate of GDP and of unemployment. There is a lack of adequate, effective cooperation, no coordination, no common objectives or synergy of efforts. When
we talk about environmental protection, what we say sometimes lacks credibility. I am, moreover, delighted that Mr Harlem Désir, who, if you did not already know, is in the same party as myself, would be
willing to sign the same declaration as myself. The Commission is unable to accept the following amendments: Nos 5, 8, 13, 14, 28 to 30, 35, 37 to 39, 47, 48, 53, 55, 58, 59, 67, 69, 71, 76, 77, 83, 89,
92, 93, 95, 101, 104, 105, 107 and 108. In my opinion, the precautionary principle is quite simply about the law and not least the duty to intervene with sufficient and necessary resources on the basis
of a suspicion or a probable suspicion that a substance or a process may cause irreparable damage to the environment and health. We see no reason for offending these views as a result of harmonization -
especially since there is nothing to prevent us from working together in combating terrorism without common legislation on penalties. Peace talks must involve all parties. Many families have had to leave
their homes, and schools have remained closed. It sounds absurd, but in fact what the Commission is proposing is absurd: that you take charge of implementing measures designed by others for certain countries
considered to be developing, and of designing and implementing policies for the ACP countries. We do not have the time. There must be no omissions in this regard. The Commission believes, however, that the
most effective way of making progress is through cooperation, rather than financial penalties for irregular flow of information. The compromise permits additional limit values for high risk substances,
even though they are only half as high as those intended by the Commission. So I gather, Mr President, that a convenient slot is envisaged from 6 in the evening. It is appalling for Islamic clerics to promote
anti-Christian sentiments in speeches to their believers. Membership of the EU was to have strengthened regional policy so that the country as a whole could be developed. Mr&#160;President, President of
the Commission, Mr Chairman, ladies and gentlemen, I wish to thank you warmly for your invitation to come and speak here in the European Parliament. On the one hand, Switzerland will gradually forego reducing
the number of heavy goods vehicles. They are the driving force behind social and economic development in this whole area, which is located in a European Objective 1 region with serious depopulation problems,
where, in 2001, 1 500 people have already lost their jobs. (Parliament rejected the motion for a resolution)Motion for a resolution (B5-0239/2001) by Mr Gasòliba i Böhm, on behalf of the ELDR Group, on
the outcome of the Stockholm European Council of 23 and 24 March 2001 However, it contains some ambiguities in relation to the scope of territorial decentralisation. If we continue with the goal of enlarging
the Community and, at the same time, of ensuring it complies with fundamental principles and values, this institution will assume its true role once more, which is fundamental in terms of foreign policy
and international credibility. You talked about the excesses, Mr Schulz, that are the practice in one country - it is not my place to mention it - but if we all agree on a minimum corpus for the cost, those
excesses that you pointed out will no longer take place, and, Mr Cohn-Bendit, I am sure that Mr Daul would agree, why would the European Parliament not be involved in this? The Cubans living in Cuba and
those abroad, as one people, have the will and the ability to build a democratic, fair and free society, without hate or revenge, as José Martí dreamt: 'With everybody and for the good of everybody'. Mr
Mulder, I am most surprised to hear you now call for subsidies to be introduced in this prosperous market even though everybody says we have to dismantle subsidies! I am referring to the fact that, all
too often, the Council seeks a consensus, even in cases where the Treaties allow it to decide by qualifiedmajority voting. Let me conclude, ladies and gentlemen, with an observation on the economic effects
of the enlargement that has already taken place and of the plans we have for the future. It is unfortunate that this debate has come to the fore at this stage in the review of the telecom package; This does
not mean that we will not hope that something good will nevertheless come out of this terrible catastrophe and out of our provision of aid, namely that Algeria will find a way to really step up the necessary
dialogue with those who want peace and freedom in that country. Or at least with the obvious position that freedom of expression occupies a prominent position in the list of fundamental freedoms every single
human being is entitled to. The inclusion of citizens from these countries with their fellow citizens from the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Montenegro and Serbia in terms of enjoying the right
of free movement in the EU will also help close some of the wounds of the recent past. in writing. - The general thrust of this report advocates that rather than import protein from third countries, we
should encourage farmers to produce it here in Europe. I would remind you that we agreed on the organisation of this debate at the Conference of Presidents last week. ‘Leaders emphasised that transition
from EU to United Nation operations would be conducive to peace in Darfur.’ Consensus within the Union would be required for such a step. - (FR) Whilst the report itself states that 'the lack of jobs is
the problem for more than 18 million unemployed people in the EU and not insufficient occupational mobility', the only solution it proposes is meaningless phrases such as 'to bring the world of work and
education systems closer together'. Also, not only is our resolution addressed to Hungary but notes that, unfortunately, freedom and pluralism of the media can be undermined in countries with conservative
governments. The Commission hopes that the European Parliament will provide strong support to the policy measures included in the communication and thus reinforce the Commission's position during future
discussions at the Council. The establishment of the European Emergency Fund is no structural solution. In particular, if it is to contribute effectively to the development of a single, competitive, energy
market, the Agency needs more powers to tackle cross-border issues and encourage effective cooperation between transmission system operators (TSOs) and national regulatory authorities (NRAs). However, these
objectives cannot be achieved unless all children are given an adequate start in life. They are made infertile without knowing it. It is less than a year since we reached agreement on the budget for the
next seven years, and the budget on which we will be voting on Thursday sticks within the agreed framework beautifully. Is this really enough? In the virtual reality of a single, strong currency, shared
by countries with different tourism policies, whether complementary or competitive, we cannot ignore or underestimate the tendency for tourism flows to switch to destinations outside Europe, which make
themselves more competitive through measures based on exchange-rate policy. Mr President, I am in a position to know very well what is written in the final paragraph of the recommendation with regard to
the obligations of the European Commission. This proves, yet again, that social transformation cannot be imposed from outside: something that the US is trying to achieve with its wars of aggression, while
the EU dangles the prospect of 'accession'. I do not think this is an intelligent or responsible choice for someone who has the responsibility of being the President-in-Office of the Council to say to a
quarter of humanity, 'We will not come; we are humiliating you in the eyes of the whole world.' It is unfortunate, not to say completely unworkable, that the number of Members of this House is to increase
to 700. It concerns the dissolution of Tunisia' s League for Human Rights. If the stingy countries – by which I mean countries and governments that are very close to me – prevail with their 1%, Europe will
be the loser. We therefore call on the Member States to follow up on the efforts of the European Commission and Commissioner Monti in particular, and for an agreement to be achieved. This rate, which is
lower than the national rate fixed, will apply in those cases where the annual production of the brewery does not exceed 300 000 hectolitres. (PL) Mr President, in relation to the critical remarks of scientists
concerning the reliability of the IPCC's conclusions and the revelation of falsification of data, and this undoubtedly influenced the outcome of the Copenhagen conference, I asked the Commission about
the possibility of conducting research to verify the disputed findings. (CS) Mr President, the European single market in services is still not fulfilling its potential. But those derogations from the rules
of the single market were intended to be temporary and to be phased out. Detailed bureaucratic instructions for controlling this process are unnecessary. The NGOs are producing ever more reports and talking
about crimes of state. We really want partnership, but one that is built on reciprocity and mutual respect. These, as Mrs Quisthoudt-Rowohl has said, proved extremely difficult: in fact it took four meetings,
two exploratory ones and two at which we really tackled the substance of the matter. (SV) Madam President, I think that at this stage in the debate there is no longer any doubt of the importance of visa
liberalisation to the citizens of the Balkans. As for the rest, I must once again congratulate the rapporteur wholeheartedly, along with those who helped him, on the report that he presented to us today
in such an extremely convincing manner. Free markets constitute the basis for the functioning of successful economies, but free markets need rules and compliance, and rules and compliance need to be tightened
if irresponsible behaviour puts at risk what cannot and should not be at risk. I cannot see Commission civil servants reading the works of more junior members of staff dealing with subjects as banal as
the structure of the Commission or the structure of the European Parliament. The FYROM Parliament's decision is an expression of respect for all the victims and a message that we all share the responsibility
for building a better and brighter future for all the countries of the Western Balkans. The Commission is also working closely with the UNHCR in trying to ensure a smooth transition between relief and development. Political
action is urgently required. So we must go in search of energy that is already present in nature, but which has remained unused because no one has developed the technology to tap into it. The only thing
which is not fictitious in these humanitarian measures is the lifestyle and the self-publicity of those in charge. If you wish to offer me an opportunity to give you more information before that date, it
is up to you. In a world which is shrinking at an ever increasing speed, regulations such as those already in place in civil law, in this case the free choice of applicable law and court for the parties,
is important for their mobility. We should listen to our own Sakharov prize winners and take seriously the words of the Dalai Lama, who has been our guest of honour. And I must say in this respect that I
am truly surprised by what you said at the beginning, to the effect that the Greek government has not even informed the Council of Turkey' s challenge of Greece' s sovereign rights. The next item is a short
presentation of the report by Mrs Toia, on behalf of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs, on Social Economy. We will be pressing this cause very much. Mr President, this report claims to promote
core labour standards, to improve social governance, and even to create a better framework for globalisation. the support for an autonomous security and defence policy outside of NATO (Paragraphs 11-15) Sadly
national and regional priorities have got in the way of a lasting reform programme. It is the most industrialised region of the country. Despite an abundance of EU legislation aiming to ensure the road safety
of European citizens and the health and safety of passenger and freight transport drivers, cases of breaches of the rules on rest periods and breaks are on the increase in the Member States. We are currently
working on the round of forecasts for 2002 and I can point out that, according to those forecasts, growth has been gaining momentum throughout this year and we believe it will come close to potential growth
and may even exceed it by the end of the year. My colleague, Richard Corbett, did all the hard work on this report before the elections. I am quite prepared to put your arguments to the Council again and
to reconsider them. Please, next week, keep an open dialogue during the negotiations at ECOFIN. I would like to praise the Commissioner for making a sensible proposal regarding how to introduce the euro
- not through some complicated mechanism; instead, he wants to even out any losses which individual countries may incur by means of transparent measures. I am ready for this and I am looking forward to
the debate. I believe it is true that the sanctions, which are hurting, have made time a more critical issue for Yugoslavia. We should try to set an example because the environment is a really important
criterion for future generations. More matching, bundling, is required to enable major research into infrastructure and investment. Do you think the European Commission might also bring its payment conditions
into line with the late payment directive, which applies throughout Europe and which we all agreed? We owe a debt of gratitude to the rapporteur, the shadow rapporteurs and group leaders for their constructive
approach. This is excellent news for cane-sugar-rum sector production, which is crucial to the economic and social balance of these territories. Let me quote Wim Duisenberg again, who told us here that stable
money is the best contribution that monetary policy can make to sustained economic growth and to the long-term reduction of unemployment. I want us to think in terms of a continent-wide Community of peaceful
nations, consisting of the enlarged European Union and all its new neighbours, increasingly sharing common values and objectives. It was also needed to encourage the dissemination of results and cooperation
both within the European Union and at international level. This is wrong and has been proved to be so! It certainly influenced the debate on the moratorium on the death penalty. It is a simplified and reduced
idea of Europe, which gives no reason to all those who, because of considerations which go far beyond simple budgetary considerations, continually praise the virtues of the European Union. At the same time,
however, working conditions for seafarers in the Union have deteriorated and employment is showing a consistently downward trend. We are conscious of the difference of opportunity that exists between our
ACP colleagues and ourselves. The European Union must carry out this whole operation in collaboration with the third countries to which I have referred which, although geographically in Europe, are not
members of the European Union. If it is necessary then we have to go for comprehensive impact assessment, based on up-to-date scientific and medical evidence in some areas where it is applicable, such as
health and safety legislation in the employment and social affairs field. This is yet again, an outlandish attack on the CAP which has served us well. The Commission's proposal can give rise to two sorts
of reaction. (PT) Mr President, I too want to start by congratulating the rapporteur on his work, and also the shadow rapporteur of the PSE Group, not only as shadow rapporteur for this report, but also
for the own-initiative report that preceded this debate. For the future the Commissioners propose, in a proposal for a regulation aimed at providing a legal basis for the human rights headings, the implementation
of programmes designed to give a coherent framework of action in a given country or region or on a particular topic. This is precisely what the authors of the Maastricht Treaty had in mind when they created
the codecision procedure. The problem is that you provide no alternative, and we all know that there are very limited financial resources in the Biodiversity Convention - and there are not likely to be
any in the future either. A number of specific initiatives to promote the value of fish at the first point of sale are also envisaged, and the Commission is planning to set aside an additional EUR 20-25
million from the CFP budget to fund ad hoc projects in this area, in addition to the funds available under the EFF. I think that a key factor is how we respond to the financial crisis. Our disagreement is
based on the fact that, irrespective of intentions, legal and institutional frameworks and restrictive mechanisms, the private sector is being activated on the basis of the profit criterion, automatically
converting a social resource into a commodity with all that implies, especially for poor nations. Secondly, the chapter dedicated to our relations with Russia is complete and is not restricted to aspects
relating to the dialogue under way. Nevertheless, in the face of a public opinion that cares about protecting nature and of the economic risks created by the collapse of some fish species, fishermen are
realising that they must be marine life's allies and not its enemies. Cyprus will join as a divided island; but, at the same time, there is a realistic possibility that the parties will be able to find
a comprehensive settlement of the Cyprus issue by 28 February 2003 on the basis of the UN Secretary-General's proposal. I have no problem with people investing in futures and commodities, but this is a
ridiculously low margin. It is this spineless appeasement policy against the aggressive effects of Islam that my party will continue to fight. I suspect it was because what Commissioner Barnier said in recommending
them - they had been chosen 'because of their commitment to Europe'. This is a complete package of reforms intended to boost administrative efficiency, promote the downward delegation of authority, and
clarify personal accountability. We remain convinced that legislation and measures must remain within the remit of Member States, and the report therefore takes full account of subsidiarity. Can you tell
us which amendments are being accepted by the Commission? This is also emphasized in the Swedish government report. I would be grateful if the rapporteur is able – as he has kindly indicated that he wishes
to do – to make some small oral amendments to mention justice, security and liberty policies in his excellent report. You also said we must support the SMEs. Europe on cohesion and Greece on its economy. Security,
peace and stability in the area are good for everyone, and we in this Parliament must commit ourselves to strengthening and reinforcing that. Surely we can find an entry date with the aim, say, of completing
negotiations by the end of 2006. The plain fact is that we are regarded by many as a paper tiger. Mr President, I warmly welcome the reference Mr Cook made to the need for economic reform. The European oil
pollution compensation fund is not the only way of solving problems. Relations with the United States are not just about Kyoto. It is because we said to ourselves that, if we waited too long, particularly
if we waited until the new US President were elected, the situation could continue to worsen and we would have no answer. But European cooperation is more urgent than ever. Efforts to improve good neighbourly
relations must continue. Social quality cannot be achieved free and gratis. It is my sincere belief that the relationships of goodwill, trust and understanding that have been built up over this period provide
an excellent basis for further improving the quality of administration, to the benefit of citizens. It is superfluous, given the provisions of the Framework Directive 89/391 from which the current text
is derived. Let us take a recent example. Then there are the figures for other countries. Mr Stevenson made a very pertinent comment, Mr President, and I have to say that the Commission acknowledges the criticism
which has been levelled against it. Budget support is the best way of strengthening national systems and processes, increasing ownership by the countries, facilitating harmonisation, reducing transaction
costs and so improving the management of public expenditure, and accelerating the achievement of development goals. We should also like to see the partners, when they so wish, involve the CEMR in the negotiations
on the social dialogue, but only on their own initiative. Moreover, the report recognises that the aviation sector has many negative effects which contribute to climate change. I hope that there will be
further and better clarification once Council has met. No, but stop, stop, Mr Barroso! The quality of these rules is sometimes questionable, but that is not the main difficulty. There are many more questions
which are raised by this case and are touched on in the report. This is with a view to avoiding risk selection and exclusion, and to secure optimum accessibility for everyone. One German firm wants to produce
100 million bottles a year. For the same reasons that we have a negative attitude to the proposals to establish special registers of convicted sex offenders (Amendments Nos 21, 30 and 32), we do not consider
Amendment No 24 to be politically desirable. Perhaps it is because our ties are so fundamentally sound that we allow ourselves to voice our differences so openly and so frankly. Naturally, support for victims
should be an immediate priority, and the EU is already committed to providing medical care and mitigating suffering. In conclusion, the CAP reform proposals are unacceptable to Ireland because they are
not balanced, they do not protect the interests of Irish farming and they do not enhance rural development. It is a comfort to the farmers of the European Union that within Parliament there are voices that
are sympathetic and well-informed. When we analyse the final appropriations to be included in the 2002 budget, we must obviously take account of the most recent data in the letter of amendment concerning
agricultural expenditure. I personally am of the opinion that the European Parliament has achieved a lot. This is, in itself, somewhat odd, of course, because we have known for some time that Turkey takes
a rather casual approach to human rights and has for many years pursued a real policy of genocide against ethnic minorities and non-Islamic faith communities. It has to do with additional and better enforced
legislation, and in this connection I would refer to the communication issued by the Commission a few weeks ago. Competition in European culture is a means of progress and development and never an ideological
end in itself. This makes sense, and this is what we are asking you to do. How is the Council going to prevent the formation of a greater Albania? The realistic and responsible preparation of statistical
data is exceptionally valuable. We must look carefully at the problem of the temporary hiring of workers, particularly in agriculture, and we must cut out red tape to facilitate their inclusion and acceptance. Mr
President, with regard to Mr Esclopé' s report, we are not opposed to a European compensation fund, particularly, and I quote, in order 'to ensure adequate compensation of pollution damage in EU waters
resulting from the transport of oil [...] by sea' . Part of it can be supplied privately. This is why the European Union must immediately drop its measures leading to an increase in dairy production. Incidentally,
I really would not like to see the European Parliament become a platform for opposition to one of the Member States. A further issue pointed out in the resolution concerns the in-fighting within the opposition
that would currently appear to hold power, united solely in its fight against the Akayev regime, whilst its democratic credentials are tainted by its former collaboration with the Akayev dictatorship. &#160;&#160;
. – The aim of the Cercas report was to take a hard look at the directive setting the maximum weekly working hours in the countries of the European Union. Of course it is only logical that we should worry
when factories or businesses close and when workers are laid off because, apart from the resultant social problems and unemployment, we also have problems of certain products going out of production, such
as the specific products manufactured by this company, which are very important technologically and can, of course, also contribute to technological progress in the countries of Europe. Failure to do this
will compel us to refer the matter to the Court of Justice and to block future long-term plans, which is to be avoided insofar as it is a basic instrument of fisheries management. That list does not give
us much optimism that we are soon going to reach a solution. The humanitarian situation is becoming worse and worse: 700 000 inhabitants of Gaza no longer have electricity, one-third of them no longer have
water or gas, and it will soon be three weeks since this situation first began, three weeks in which these people have lived or, rather, have done their best to survive. This is why I must congratulate
the rapporteur and this is also why the Commission's communication is an excellent initiative which is along the lines intended by the European Union. With this in mind, the Commission' s proposals for
a 'single European sky' should be examined without delay. As Mr&#160;Baron said previously, duplication of administrative controls must be prevented. And what we see is that, as we speak here today, people
are storing up food, and people are out on the streets again in Nairobi and in other parts of Kenya. in writing. - (SV) We Swedish Social Democrats have today voted in favour of the draft general budget
of the European Union for the financial year 2011. &#160;&#160; Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, as you can see, I am not Mrs Kauppi, but she is the rapporteur, and I am not. In the short
time in which it has been in existence, the European CSR Alliance has set in motion some impressive and exemplary initiatives, and far-sighted managers and investors have long known that a company with
a good record of CSR is usually a successful one, as, indeed, is evident from the prices at which such businesses' shares are quoted on stock exchanges. in writing. - Bearing in mind that Frontex was, inter
alia, set up to 'protect' the EU's borders from so-called 'illegal' migrants, we oppose the agency and its objectives. Secondly, we shall clarify our internal guidance on the circumstances in which net
financial corrections should be made under the terms of the existing legislation. Freedom equals respect for the dignity, convictions and lives of other people. However, the country's internal problems cannot
be resolved merely by concluding a Stabilisation and Association Agreement or offering the prospect of closer relations with the European Union. We will include Croatia's accession in an amending budget. We
hope that Europe can offset this collateral damage by adding to our armoury emotional intelligence, recognising that political problems often require political solutions. The same is true of people with
disabilities who, like people from countries outside Europe, are at present excluded from the labour market to an incredibly high degree. We would ask the Commission not only to take note of it, but also
to actually do what we have demanded of it, by getting the Committee for Standardisation on the case and making it clear to the members of the national governments that the circus is a vital cultural asset,
and one that we are still keen to pass on to our children and grandchildren. The reason I bother to tell you this is not about me but about the commitment of our Administration to individual rights. There
is much, therefore, in this report with which I agree, but I do have to reject its attack on subsidiarity by demanding that the EU should be setting the criminal sanctions and the establishment of an EU
core of inspectors. Openness and public control are more important than anything else in this new legislation. A Europe-wide policy on alcohol is not just an issue concerning the internal market. Let me conclude
with two points. So, in the event that the Council adopts this regulation on the wrong legal basis, I consider that Parliament should pursue this matter further at the European Court of Justice, and let
me assure you, it will. This means that Sweden, Denmark and the United Kingdom should remain outside the campaign while the krona and the pound are still the currencies of those countries. This is also the
outcome: that they are cooperating. The European Union, and on this I am totally in agreement with you, needs to be strengthened at all levels, as otherwise it will not be in a position to make the project
of the century, the enlargement of the European Union, a reality. That is what is called for now, as we should conclude from the Cavada report. It was a complex and daring plan, which was clearly designed
to create a more integrated Community. I am sorry to interrupt, Prime Minister. Our view is clear. We therefore already have certain significant proposals on the table on which to base our work. I would have
welcomed it if it really had been an honourable position of the European Union with regard to Turkey. Second, the Commission proposes to overhaul the disciplinary procedure. The necessary right of reply,
in particular, tends to be substantively violated due to the procedural difficulties with which it has to contend, all in the name of an abusive interpretation of press freedom. We expressly urge Turkey
to do that. I confirmed that it was our intention to prepare an initial position statement at European level by mid-February. But that is not how it should happen in a rational system. We must consider that
although there is a civilian defence minister in Indonesia, the defence ministry is still heavily militarised. We neither can nor should get rid of our nuclear weapons, which form a part of NATO’s defence
strategy and which are one of the reasons why the Cold War remained cold. Furthermore, the Commission has used its best officials for the enlargement discussions, and so it has become a task that we will
never forget. I would hope that the situation that we found ourselves in this time will give us the courage for next year to make proposals which envisage a more transparent system. Why this conflict so
suddenly now, when we are told that it is some three years since a son-in-law of the Iraqi president revealed the existence of these armaments? We wish to ask the Council how matters now stand regarding
its proposal concerning data retention, since Commissioner Frattini announced to us that the Commission wished to present its own proposal. The report also states that around one half, EUR 100 billion therefore,
will come from the private sector. However, it should not be overlooked that these social services constitute a good start for unemployed women who are less qualified. Our objective is to see access to the
rail infrastructure opened up in all goods transport services, internal and international, and in the international passenger transport services. At the current stage, the Commission proposes no further
immediate measures. That is why it is gratifying that we can present this example at the end of the Swedish Presidency. During our last plenary session we approved a third Resolution on the results of the
September Summit and I would like to take advantage of this anniversary to express once again our determination that reforms such as the creation of a Human Rights Council or the Peace Consolidation Committee
should become realities before the end of the 60th session of the General Assembly. Moving on to my second subject: enlargement. I would like to point out that poverty reduction through the achievement of
the MDGs must be recognised as the overall goal of EU policy and Europe must lead the world in a concerted effort to keep the EU's promises to the planet's poorest. We do not want any more needle-stick
injuries unnecessarily during that waiting time. In any event, Mr Nooke, many thanks for joining us here today. Nobody understands why the EU has to import vast amounts of garlic and peppers from China and
chicken from Brazil when these products could be produced locally. I am sorry, Mr Salatto. In addition, we need uniform and unanimous action by the global community, better coordination of measures, proper
evaluation of data and, more importantly, improved cooperation between the national law enforcement authorities. (HU) Two years after the outbreak of the crisis, economic growth has started, albeit slowly. Mr
Lange has already mentioned the other power stations and in fact we are in a situation of extreme risk involving a whole series of other power stations in other eastern European countries. We who are in
Europe's Parliament, though, must continue to insist on these publications being followed by the publication of brief Minutes and of the voting record. People live by doing lots of different things, farming,
forestry on a very small scale which provides a little money. Today, the wood industry, in particular, is under close scrutiny. I believe that is essential if the Europe of tomorrow is to remain credible
in the eyes of society. If an initiative is rejected by the Commission, and so by the executive which is supposed to put it into effect, this may not be understood by the citizens. I would like to point
out my support for the oral amendments introduced by the rapporteur Mr Baudis to update the report in the light of recent developments. &#160;&#160; Mr President, any society needs an influx of fresh blood,
but there is the question of the impact of newcomers on society. We have been concerned that it could make the operations of many NGOs, especially foreign ones, more difficult, and could therefore potentially
jeopardise the Commission’s efforts to help build up civil society in Russia, as well as our humanitarian aid programme in Chechnya. You should rest assured that we are intending to meet all our requirements
and fall completely into line with European legislation and state-of-the-art technologies in Europe. The concentration of power and the problems which arise out of this is one of the Commission's special
responsibilities. The Common Position, which we have reached with all the Member States through considerable effort, provides for the opening up of international markets for passenger transport, including
cabotage in connection with international journeys, as of 2010, but initially without opening up the national networks. That brings me back to cultural policy. I hope that the results of these plebiscites
will be favourable. (NL) Mr President, when, in 1997, the European Parliament appointed me as the rapporteur for Slovakia's EU membership application, some of my colleagues looked at me with pity. The Commission
position on the 112 amendments is as follows: it accepts 10 amendments in full – 8, 9, 12, 14, 18, 29, 35, 46, 50 and 78; it accepts 19 amendments in principle – 3, 7, 11, 13, 15, 16, 17, 24, 30, 31, 32,
40, 52, 77, 81, 82, 95, 102 and 107; it accepts 9 amendments in part – 33, 34, 41, 52, 53, 63, 70, 93 and 111; it rejects 74 amendments in full – 1, 2, 4, 5, 6, 10, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 25, 26, 27, 28,
36, 37, 38, 39, 42, 43, 44, 47, 48, 49, 51, 54, 55, 56, 57, 58, 59, 60, 61, 62, 64, 65, 66, 67, 68, 69, 71, 72, 73, 74, 75, 76, 79, 80, 83, 84, 85, 86, 87, 88, 89, 90, 91, 92, 94, 96, 97, 98, 99, 100,
101, 103, 104, 105, 106, 108, 109, 110 and 112. After all, you cannot explain things from the same perspective to a six or seven-year-old child and to a 16-year-old teenager. Therefore, we all need to make
a commitment to convince the people and to bring them with us when the time comes. However, I wish to point out that members of the Commission are not there to represent countries. These, however, are just
the first steps. We need indirect arrangements here too. From an ecological point of view, there is no evidence whatsoever that the products that these particular directives are encouraging, namely, bio-
or agrofuels which can be mixed with oil (biodiesel and bio-ethanol) offer any real benefit. A total of some 300&#160;000 Africans appear secretly to enter the EU each year. Most of what is said takes us
too far along the road towards integration and federalism. I am going to read some elements of the French response - I cannot respond to everything - since you have questioned me on this issue. In addition,
the idea of using the establishment of free trade areas as instruments of development seems to me to be a very interesting train of thought, provided that they form part of a general package of reform
measures. The economic and financial crisis - as we know, since it has been said repeatedly - is only aggravating hunger worldwide. We are chiefly preoccupied with our industry, the competitive position
of European businesses, and our own public health, and we are not looking at the rest of the world. Take, fifth, the attack on free contract. The rule of law must in fact relate to the identity of a people,
and the practice of democracy falls under this heading. It is just that we are often scarcely aware of it. Especially if we are wanting to look at it from a strictly legal angle when it is a component of
the whole of a peace process that is obviously political in nature. ... that we will rearrange the basic regulation in such a way as to do justice to your concern. Mr President, first of all, on the general
budget: within the resolution let us not lose sight of the fact that we actually welcome the spirit of constructive cooperation that has existed between the Commission and the Court of Auditors for the
year 1994. If there is an association agreement, then we have not only the right but also the duty to intervene when massacres are committed. I condemn this unacceptable behaviour. It must be said that, on
a technical level, the negotiators must be congratulated on the great efforts they are making and we also congratulate you, Commissioner. The Commission must see to it that the statements made in its forthcoming
texts are of greater clarity. I am astonished at some of the opposition to the idea of binding legislation because it is essential to secure adequate funding for integrated coastal zone management initiatives
across Europe. It is currently possible for one region in a Member State to be in an asymmetric position with regard to the rest of the country, and the solution used is one of cohesion and solidarity. We
find it legitimate for the Council to accept that negotiations should begin on the Statute for Members of Parliament. It is a fact that the desirable solution would be an agreement between the parties involved. But
above all, we must insist that the 1989 UN Convention on the rights of children is ratified, implemented and respected immediately, in my country Germany too, for about 30 % of our population is under-age. This
report, for which I voted, advocates the need for Member States to create accounting systems that fully and consistently cover all sectors of public administration. Our main objectives in these negotiations
remain the same: firstly, an additional phase of market opening; secondly, better rules to govern multilateral trade and, finally, better integration of developing countries, which so far have had only
a very unequal share in the benefits of increased international trade. We have co-signed the constructive amendments to this report. Madam President, I trust that the Polish Government, whose sentiments
and intentions are, I presume, those expressed by the ambassador, will indeed succeed in ensuring that there is no repetition of such demonstrations and that these monuments to misery and human suffering
and tragedy will be an enduring reminder and a permanent warning of what a nazi and racist ideology can do. Revision of the directive on European Works Councils, which is at present fulfilling its role
as an instrument for social dialogue, is a positive element in the social package. However, reduced competitiveness is often cited as a reason not to use products which have a lower solvent content but
a higher price. The action plan proposed by the Commission defines four main areas for maximizing that potential: strengthening the effectiveness of the rules, ending distortions to competition or fiscal
distortions, ending sectoral obstacles and putting the single market to the service of all citizens. The recommendations came into force on 1 July 1999. I feel that the two Presidents were right not to include
this point in their agendas: there is a time and place for everything and, of course, the priorities are different at different levels. Let us organise debates by all means, but let us make them genuine,
uncensored debates in the 27 Member States of the enlarged Union on what ought to change in the Union in order to breathe life back into the European dream. It is unacceptable for fundamental human rights
- which include indefeasibly freedom of expression and consequently freedom of the press - to be called into question. It is quite fitting that the last achievement of the Blair presidency was the annulment
of the Poverty 4 Programme. This increase will be the result of increased development and growth in our countries and, in a way, if it did not happen, it would be a bad indication with regard to the performance
of our economy and therefore of our society as well. I have read with great interest the report drawn up by Mr Mulder. Or, is it the case, as presented to the British people, that the Reform Treaty is so
different as to be an entirely separate thing altogether and too complicated for the people to understand? Unequal corporation tax systems attract big business to those areas where treatment is more favourable,
and this distorts open competition. I am very happy to do that, Mr Chanterie. Therefore, we need an active undertaking from the Commission and the Council, openly supported by Parliament, to make more resources
available to sustain the Euro-Mediterranean Partnership, a level of resources which is proportionate to the resources already used to sustain eastward enlargement. It is crucial that the Commission and
the Member States speak with a single voice and increase the speed and effectiveness of their internal decision-making processes so that they can achieve a rapid consensus on the internal EU position at
COP 10, as well as devoting a greater volume of resources and more time to their diplomatic efforts in relation to third countries. Implementation of Security Council resolution 1199 has not even been negotiated
with Milosevic, only the points he wanted to discuss were dealt with. Mr&#160;Eurlings’ report contains a long list of measures that Turkey must implement before its membership can become a reality. I would
therefore like to ask Commissioner Dimas when the Commission is going to review the Sixth Environment Action Programme. Mr President, enlargement is not an end in itself. The Committee on Civil Liberties,
Justice and Home Affairs has asked that discharge be granted to the Commission, as well as to the five Community agencies that lie within its competencies. This is taking place in a country that is corrupt,
that does not uphold human rights and that should be shunned by Europe. I do not accept the statement that my question is inadmissible. It is something that we must work against with considerable strength. However,
for the 2004 accounts the Court was able to give assurance on the legality and regularity of underlying transactions for pre-accession assistance as well as on own-resources and administration. While their
objectives have been established on paper, the discharge procedure leaves us less satisfied as to their effectiveness. This is a divine law and a law of nature. The solutions proposed on summoning people,
on the rules for the representation of defendants and on retrials or appeals must be read in conjunction with one another. I think that this new method of looking at immigration can help Europe in its constituent
process. The current proposal is another step in this direction and I am committed to working with the European Parliament and the Member States to achieve the goals that we jointly set for ourselves in
the year 2000. Every year the Commission should carry out a far-reaching examination of the energy policy of three countries, so that in five years we will have an analysis of all fifteen. First of all,
the proposals made in the three reports show that we need greater coordination in the European Commission and, in particular, DG XXIII, and we hope that the creation of Directorate C will improve the level
of coordination and the application of the European Commission's own actions. We should finally stop pursuing this blind alley towards supposed accession. I admit that we do not at present find specifically
the best conditions in relation to our demand that, in particular, the European Union ought, in the future too, to play a pioneering role in issues of sustainable development. The same goes for sport fishing. The
European Council unanimously proposed Mr Barroso's candidacy. I would therefore like to emphasise the need to create an information management system. If the Commissioner had managed to get here, I would
have had two questions for him. The week of the anniversary of Tiananmen. They feed it. We have therefore considered at length what we should do about this. This country, Mauritania, is today going through
a very serious political crisis. I have agreed on the oral amendment with the others, including the Members submitting the proposed amendment. We will only know the outcome when the Member States integrate
the Directive into national law in a way which really will minimise these obstacles, which are incompatible with the principle of the free provision of services enshrined in the Treaty, and which are damaging
to European consumers and entrepreneurs. A second point in my report is the European Civil Peace Corps. The fact is that Europe must not miss the boat in a forward-looking high technology sector in which
important jobs can be created, and already have been. When it comes to Kosovo, you described EULEX as a success. (DE) Mr President, I would like to make an announcement and ask for your support. The Commission
is aware that price is a key competition factor. It was therefore with some sadness I heard the Commissioner inform us tonight that the summit looks like it could be cancelled. Moreover, it is something
I shall be voting against. Unfortunately, Parliament also chose to support a proposal under which the spraying of opium fields, which are to be found over large parts of the country, would cease. The image
we in the Netherlands, but also in many other Member States, have of Romania is determined in the public mind by the notion that that country suffers greatly from corruption, whether that be at low level
or the highest level. In some countries it is short, with assignments lasting around 10 days, in France, for example; less than a week, in Spain; or around 20 days in Finland. Europe's historical responsibility
and opportunity also means assuming a pioneering role in this third industrial revolution. I think that many of my fellow Members wish to use the external service as a Trojan horse to gain control of the
CFSP via the Commission. In anticipation of the result of these deliberations there is no wish to seek an opinion from the European Parliament, in particular the opinion that is being prepared by Mr Ettl. For
mineral water, we have been able to impose our definition, which is stricter than the wide definition in the United States. In modern-day China, for example, Catholics are deprived of any rights, and the
same is true in a great many other countries. There is the whole issue of greater convergence in order to give the political dimension a stronger content in the three areas of security, conflict and crisis
prevention and respect for human rights and good governance. in writing. - This legislation will reinforce existing EU safety legislation and transpose major international instruments into Community law. It
is a key agency in promoting the effectiveness of, and cooperation between, the European law enforcement agencies. The peoples of Central and Eastern Europe are nurturing high expectations. The call for
a European forum for discussing matters concerning all types of audiovisual content is an interesting proposal which the Commission will consider and study with the interested parties in its examination
of the "Television without Frontiers" Directive. This is the insane attempt to create a pan-Mediterranean bloc, joining Europe with north Africa. Two projects are already being financed under the framework
programme on research to the tune of ECU 2 million: one is a study involving research into growth hormones, which is a key issue today in the battle against doping, and the other is a research study in
conjunction with the International Olympic Committee's Medical Commission on methods of standardisation to enhance the validity of tests, particularly in court. I see clearly why we need to address the
issue of services, and services are definitely a very important part of the consumer strategy for 2007-2013. Sustainable development should not remain within European borders. (DE) Mr President, we are talking
today about information, and information can be distributed all over the world at the press of a button. We all have a historical responsibility for this matter. Sweden has tried to fulfil these hopes, partly
by taking the initiative, during the previous intergovernmental conference, to incorporate fundamental rules concerning transparency and public control of documents into the EU Treaties. Scotland sometimes
even has beautiful weather, when tourists and local people flock to our beaches. If Parliament also expresses its great interest in these possible amendments, it will definitely help to prepare the way
for a positive statement of assurance. We took the view that it is not just any other service, that we must ensure that we introduce safeguards which will protect our citizens from organised crime and that
we require clear rules to that end. I very much favour trying to move to more cogeneration, as other Members have mentioned. We also need to exert severe pressure on those countries which refuse to take
back their own nationals. In a country in which the people in the south could be scourged by bombing for years on end and where Western oil companies looked after the interests of their shareholders while
turning a blind eye to the victims of the slaughter? We need to carry on as we have been for a number of years in encouraging this mobility in the European Union, and we need to ensure that there is fair
competition between the various modes of transport. Unfortunately they sometimes also need to use it to express their disappointment with the European Union. Peaceful coexistence, mutually beneficial and
balanced cooperation between countries and peoples, with no interference in their internal affairs, and smooth transnational relations have always been the mainstay of any cooperation between its countries. It
is for these reasons that the MEPs of the Communist Party of Greece voted against the motion. It remains for me to observe that, over the coming years and decades, Russia and Russian natural gas will become
the backbone of the European Union’s gas supply. Policies in this field should cover aspects linked to social affairs and social inclusion, such as the social rehabilitation of victims. These figures are
extremely high, considering what they mean for individual people. You have presented us today with a timetable which contains initial key elements of what you promised back then. What we are talking about
here today is protecting people's health and life, not luring them, as the tobacco companies do, towards a process of disease and sorrow for the sake of private financial interests. It is not only women
to whom this happens. But we must realise that we are far from making the effective and necessary response expected by Europe's citizens, who are turning to us in droves, submitting very important cases,
cases affecting their fundamental interests - and we have not been able, as I said, to provide the desired effective response to these petitions, to these requests and to the defence of their rights and
interests. - Before the vote on amendment 1: Allow me to point out here that Parliament wasted EUR 36 000 having a so-called independent actuarial report done. This regulation will help offset an imbalance
suffered hitherto by European consumers who, compared to citizens of countries outside the EU, do not have the right to choose what they buy in the full knowledge of its provenance. We are ready to begin
open dialogue with Albanian parties about political, humanitarian, security and all other key issues of relevance to a democratic solution to Serbian-Albanian relations in Kosovo. The proposal to end the
milk quota scheme in 2015, and until then to increase the quota by 1% per year, will, in practical terms, legalise the surpluses which already exist in certain countries, which are being produced above
their quotas and which are then exported at very low prices, pushing down market prices, in many countries below the cost of production. Yet, there is also the question of the abolition of export subsidies. This
is the second time in a week that French police officers have been hit by the bullets of terrorists driving through police roadblocks. Mr President, the draft resolution we are now discussing requires,
precisely as before, that the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference should have a broad agenda involving radical reforms of the institutions. I have no doubt that the honourable Member is sincere in
his comments and I am respectful of the organisations that he consulted in preparing his contribution to this debate today, so I would be grateful if he could forward, both to the Commission and to the
Council, the evidence he referred to in his question and I will ensure that it is passed on to the relevant officials. It is only fair to acknowledge now that perhaps more could have been done. The UN reiterated
its willingness to accommodate the terms of a settlement in line with the principles on which the EU is founded. This problem must be resolved when the Charter of Fundamental Rights is drawn up. Hong Kong
has always banned naked short selling, and during the financial crisis their markets performed better and were more stable. If we want the Union to become a credible player, however, it must adopt a single
stance and speak with a single voice. Mr Fischler, I am curious to hear whether you are going to accept the proposals made by the rapporteur - and I should like to thank her for her report. The Committee
on Economic and Monetary Affairs stresses the following points. I do not think, however, that the most important issue at this stage is where the agency should be located, because it has already been decided
that it will be based provisionally in Lausanne, for two years, until a definitive decision is reached. I have always said that Africa should be a flagship issue of the Commission. The consequence of extending
- in my opinion overextending - the protection of designs would be to give vehicle manufacturers a monopoly in a market valued at EUR 13 billion. We always knew that some of the benchmarks were more challenging
than others and the Commission has encouraged Croatia to work diligently in order to meet these difficult benchmarks, especially in the area of judiciary reform that Mr Crowley referred to, as well as
in the other area I mentioned, the shipbuilding sector. With regard to the White Paper on the common transport policy, as well as the delivery of the revised Trans-European Networks, which I have promised
you, I hope that the Commission will be able to definitively approve a text on that issue over the next few weeks. For this reason, I have voted against this agreement. I think the idea of introducing international
taxes on aviation fuel is a good one, but we in Europe should also be wondering whether - at least at the European level, for intra-European flights - we may not be subsidizing air travel unnecessarily,
if we impose a tax on diesel railroad locomotives but not on aircraft. I should like, Mr President, to take advantage of the fact that this event will soon be upon us to thank you for the considerable support
which this Parliament has given us in organising this meeting, which is, I believe, unprecedented, and which will bring together expert observers of these phenomena which are a real problem in today's
society. I am pleased about the fact that Commissioner Patten and Mr Solana have already underlined this repeatedly. Finally, the Committee on Transport voted by a large majority to abolish the derogations
for Ireland, Greece, Luxembourg and Great Britain with respect to Northern Ireland. Although linguistic differences might mean extra costs, multilingual content is an important precondition of democracy
in the EU. Perhaps he prefers not to, but I should nevertheless like to hear what he has to say. I fully believe that society must take on its full responsibilities in terms of training and education in
both the short and long term. I have repeatedly spelt out the reasons why the Commission was compelled to initiate the procedure, and so I will not dwell on this point today. Bearing in mind the increased
mobility of citizens in the EU and the diversity of applicable legislation in the various Member States in the event of divorce, I support the possibility for spouses of different nationalities or resident
in different Member States to choose the law applicable to their divorce. The multi-party negotiations launched by the two governments on 10 June offer an unprecedented opportunity to achieve such an agreement. To
be precise, if a merely mathematical approach is taken, then it is very difficult for a State with a small fleet of just a few ships that is included in the grey area of all these lists to be removed from
that area; what reason do the ships have to become part of the grey list fleet if, in that event, they cannot improve the mathematical proportion? The only NGOs featured in the declaration are the antiracist
NGOs and the solidarity NGOs. By adopting these four reports which in fact form only a single one, our Assembly will play its full part. We would then call on companies and research laboratories to collaborate
by placing the outcome of such research at the disposal of the common European framework. These things concern all of us. It is incredibly important that we talk about safety, on which we can arrive at a
common view. As far as your own country is concerned, matters are in particularly good order, since the first proposals were covered by the procedural decision of the Commission, on 26 October. The environment,
the economy and regional interests are constantly being played off against one another. The European Union representative, Mr Solana, is already in Skopje, together with the Commissioner for External Relations,
Mr Patten, trying to speed up the process for the so-called "political dimension" of the agreement. Such security will therefore be brought about by the financial market with the help of new insurance services
and through the development of trademarks by producers themselves. There could have been no better advocate of the interests of the European Council over the last five years. &#160;&#160; Mr Beazley, that
was not a point of order. In other words, it is an experiment that has been judged useful as a model. The mass accession of countries with little in common and which do not all conform to a general economic
framework could create problems, and disagreements about who comes first and who second. However, we as a Parliament are still waiting for OLAF's report on Eurostat. The conclusion was that the EU sanctions
that were disguised as bilateral measures had no valid legal basis. We need to explain that it will not be possible to pursue a dialogue between our Parliament and the Iranian Government if the latter does
not establish an equivalent parliamentary delegation. We have legislation that has been in place for 20 years, and the standards and codes of practices in the European Union are quite stringent, but it
is clear that we are still vulnerable when it comes to foodstuffs. However, all parties involved in the Stability Pact will need a great deal of stamina. Only this morning in the debate on terrorism I criticised
the European governments' collaboration with the Bush Administration's programme of trade in torture. Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to thank the Commissioner for the consideration he
has shown for the proposals that we worked out in committee. They are a major political issue. And here again I would remind you that in an area of Greece, in the area of Fthiotida, where everyone is against
bridging the Maliako Gulf which, it should be noted the Ministry of the Environment and Public Works itself included in the Natura 2000 areas, your office has received complaints about the Greek Government's
intention to build this bridge, which will have a huge environmental impact, even though alternative solutions exist. I would, though, highlight three things about it. On that, Commissioner, I am again in
agreement with you. I think some of us really also understand the need sometimes for a bit of confidentiality. Thus the Treaty itself makes provision for a two-speed Europe. This implies a need also to provide,
in addition to one-off aid, support for communities' own disaster-preparedness capabilities. In my opinion, respect for the rights of women, the only majority to be discriminated against, is particularly
important. Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, by way of introduction I would like to thank the European Parliament for offering me this occasion to explain the Council's position with regard to the
situation in Algeria. An initiative is urgently needed to resolve the conflict in Afghanistan peacefully and ensure that human rights are restored. (FR) Mr President, President of the Court of Auditors,
Mr Vice-President of the Commission, thank you President Caldeira for this very high-quality report, thank you Mr Kallas for all the work you have done, and congratulations on your new appointment within
our European Commission. There are many who now believe that we could modify this commitment by 2020, and could perhaps raise it to 25%. When they arrived at the social security office in Paris, they were
told they had lost their rights. Partner countries must also provide proof of sufficient transparency, reliability and effectiveness in managing public expenditure. I hope that we can expect broad support
for these five amendments tomorrow, and that the Common Position, as thus amended, can then enter into force without delay, for the programme for the necessary task of combating violence is urgently needed. Angela
Merkel asks, for example, whether it might be a good idea to alter the terminology of the draft Constitution without changing the legal substance. Several of my colleagues are due to take the floor after
me this morning and will clarify the subject. I admit that the Council's attitude which, at least for the moment, is that of wanting a cut-price enlargement, is a continual source of worry. Mr President,
Mr Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, it is not our job as a Parliament to spend more money at all costs. The directive helps to provide a clear interpretation of the legislation and simplifies it for
carriage by rail, road and inland waterways. The proposal before us is intended to create these uniform standards. Words are not enough; we need action. The next item on the agenda is questions to the Commission
(B4-0170/97). It is a law enabling the US to monitor almost all of our intra-European communication, telephone calls and emails. We are now even as far behind as some of the countries were that we are talking
about. I think that the Belgian Presidency is acting on the same assumption. I precisely remember your commitment, alongside our families, at a time when the world had lost interest in the fate of the Colombian
hostages and when talking about us was frowned upon. Having cleared their consciences - particularly in Durban where they condemned slavery as a crime against humanity - western countries ended up forgetting
that other forms of slavery still exist. It is therefore important firstly to diversify our sources of energy, by seeking new energy sources including, of course, renewable energy and furthermore we need
to promote and pursue energy efficiency. What makes the Davos meeting so important and so useful is that it brings these very people together. After what Mrs Reding said, we hope that the PEGI (Pan-European
Game Information) system will really become a body able to exercise more effective control. It is now more important than ever that a consensual political commitment is made to a courageous fiscal pact,
including tax increases. It will be an extremely important time. Mr President, once again here we are debating the nuclear industry, and one of the difficulties is to keep the debate calm and collected and
avoid reductive simplifications whereby uttering one single word, Chernobyl, can put an end to discussions. With regard to information to be supplied to undertakings, the Commission cannot accept Amendments
Nos 3 and 4 to Directive 93/38 on the 'special sectors' , amendments designed to restrict to the State awarding entities alone the obligation to provide essential information such as information on contract
awards, reasons for rejection of a tender, the advantages and features of the successful tender, etc. The other important issue: Taiwan has sought observer status in the World Health Organisation since
1997. I will return to that point in a moment. In relation to it, I just want to say that a recent investigation in Ireland showed that much of the fish coming in was wrongly labelled, so that people who
thought they were eating cod, for instance, were in fact eating a different fish. They should also create new forms of economic cooperation and take steps to increase mutual and beneficial trade. European
electricity network breakdown (debate) We need a strengthened and solid partnership with strong involvement of local partners which can help in delivery. We are very much looking forward to working even
more closely with the Government of Montenegro, the Parliament, other institutions and the civil society of the country on its European reform agenda. She said we all need to stand up and be counted and
to strive for equality. It means promoting economic, cultural and political exchange between the southern countries themselves as well as with the northern countries. So please, let us have an internal debate;
that is normal. As for the crisis in Iran, another sorry chapter, I welcomed the words of Mr&#160;Straw, which I hope he will hold to completely. Four months later, having read the long communication from
the Commission and heard President Prodi, and speaking on behalf of the GUE/NGL, I would be tempted to say the same thing, except that today's information document is far more watered down. How can a system
be considered fair, for example, when it finds the victim of a rape guilty of that atrocity? Austria is a good example. These efforts could also be supported by creating a statistical register of enterprises
in the social economy in each European Union Member State and by inputting the data into the EUROSTAT European statistics system. Goods and products placed on the European market must comply with all standards
of the European Union, and I welcome the establishment of a monitoring committee for the motor industry, which should help prevent so-called hidden protectionism through new technical barriers to trade. Yet
political systems like the regime in Burma/Myanmar only survive if there are enough states and private companies prepared to keep them alive through economic links. Two boats heading towards Lampedusa,
carrying 130 immigrants, are currently just off Lampedusa, however Italy is refusing to go out and rescue them. Discrimination is a serious problem in Europe and beyond. I should like to advocate that a
great deal of attention be paid to the interconnection of route plans at international level, therefore. I voted in favour of the report on governance of the Internet, which covers sensitive issues such
as the protection and safeguarding of fundamental rights and freedoms, Internet access and use, and cybercrime. Europe needs to work, through cooperation and international pressure, to ensure that there
cannot be impunity in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the country acts firmly in response to such barbarity. It was, though, not only Ukraine to which these events posed a major challenge. The authorities
of the State of Texas reacted in an even more diabolical way, stating that the Court of Justice could not stand in the way of the executions. Amendments 16 to 20 and Amendment 24 envisage changing the scope
and timing of future work to be undertaken by the Commission. The others over there are being a bit quiet for a change, which is a better thing! Implementing rules governing the use of monitoring committees
to keep track of programmes carried out under the URBAN initiative are drawn up by the Commission in conjunction with the Member States concerned. Mr Martin, we need a bold European democracy. The reference
to greater participation by local players is explicit, as the second report on cohesion has shown, but from the standpoint of enlargement there is also a clear reference to wider enjoyment, or at least
greater access to information regarding Community support, since the fact is that the EAGGF, for instance, has reported significantly low take-up rates in the Member States. A 40% difference in price means
that the internal market is not working as it should, because, if it did, prices should be related to objective costs - costs of transport, distribution, etc. In this particular field we already have Europol,
Eurojust, the European Police College, the operational Task Force of European Police Chiefs, the European crime prevention network and the European criminal law network. We must tackle the problems at their
source by putting forward specific actions right now, while accepting the inherent uncertainties of scientific knowledge. The hope was to reduce the negative consequences for road safety arising from inadequate
driving time rules by extending the scope of the laws on working time to include self-employed drivers. With regard to the financing, I would underline the fact that the bodies appointed to run the programme
have carried out numerous financial controls. in writing. - (DE) Natural disasters cause not only immeasurable suffering and numerous deaths; they also destroy essential permanent infrastructure such as
electricity transmission lines, roads and bridges. Mr Poignant, listening to you singing the Marseillaise or even the European anthem would certainly be a great pleasure. As President of the Eurogroup, I
shall work to ensure proper application and judicious interpretation of the Pact which, in future, will pay greater heed to its two equally vital dimensions, namely stability, combined with growth, and
growth allied to stability. The birth of lasting cultural cooperation is one of the key goals of the Union. Secondly, and most importantly, they are going to need the absolute determination to secure success,
of the kind which President Clinton showed in Wye Plantation. I would like to thank the rapporteur, even though he is not here today, for the work that he has done. In the recent past the Irish authorities
were willing to provide the public with copies of reasoned opinions on request, but the Commission understands that they are no longer willing to do so. You are no doubt aware of the fact that the Council
has, in the past, made considerable efforts to support the United Nations, and that, as part of the ESDP, the United Nations presence in the region has been strengthened. This is the first scientific success
of its kind in the world for it is the first time an adult mammal has been cloned successfully. That is why I have voted in favour of the Brok report. In so doing, the institutional balance enshrined in
this Treaty will be maintained, as will, more importantly, Parliament’s own prerogatives. &#160;&#160; Mr&#160;President, as I have remarked previously in this House, Christian charity obliges us to adopt
a more constructive approach to the development agenda. In the 2004/2005 academic year, over 144 000 students took advantage of the opportunity provided by the Erasmus programme to continue their studies
in a country other than their own. As shadow rapporteur on this report, I voted firmly in favour of this report whose objective is to ensure that the Millennium Development Goals are successfully achieved. Involving
women and equality organisations in the evaluation is extremely important. Another important part of the report is certainly the fact that it speaks of the ethnic cleansing on South Ossetian territory in
the Georgian villages. Paper does not blush, however. Statistics point to a higher survival rate and lower mortality in the old EU, and I therefore appeal to the European Commission to apply special monitoring
to the implementation of the EU programme 'Europe Against Cancer' in Central and Eastern Europe in particular. The report looks at some extremely detailed issues, but Parliament has no legislative powers
in this area. We must therefore make two demands at European level. The Constitution’s weaknesses, too, need to be discussed without accusations of anti-Europeanism being thrown around: for example, the
fact that smaller Member States will have fewer ways to defend their interests; the fact that the European Parliament will continue to be a toothless tiger, particularly in matters affecting foreign and
security policy; and also the fact that Europe’s workers are still exposed to the risk of wage and social dumping. Ladies and gentlemen, it is not a satisfactory balance. But the Russia question is not solely
about this: it is a large country experiencing an extremely serious political, economic and social crisis and it is preparing for presidential elections. It states that 'the distribution of the single farm
payment should ensure fairness', but does not propose specific measures to achieve this goal. In this connection I would like to recall here that, firstly, we have to bear in mind that the countries of
central and eastern Europe are not homogeneous; secondly, that we have to analyse the impact of implementing the 92 reform of the CAP, the free trade agreements and the effects on the CCEEs, so that measures
can be adopted in the preaccession period which do not distort the CCEE markets. The voting session will be long and will be interrupted, amongst other things, by the welcome presence of President Kostunica. I
would ask you, ladies and gentlemen, to pay tribute to these victims by observing a minute' s silence, and to lend our support to the authorities and to democrats in Spain in their fight against this scourge,
a fight that often puts their lives in jeopardy. The European Court of Justice again made that clear in its most recent judgement a few weeks ago, when it halved or even cancelled fines in the case of the
cement cartel. We will discuss the matter in the Commission and I hope that we can act appropriately. We also want the campaigns to be free and fair, and that all parties have an equal chance to have their
say. Indeed, by giving one million citizens the right of political initiative, Parliament is holding itself up as a fine example of participatory democracy. That used to be a bad word, a taboo: it used to
be heresy to talk about the economic governance of the Union. In any event, this report should encourage greater transparency and the establishment of clearer rules in the conditions for services to be
supplied by lenders. It would be a serious oversight on my part if I failed to thank Commissioner Busquin and his staff and, of course, our rapporteur, Mr Caudron, and all the shadow rapporteurs on their
tremendous work. I would also like to express my thanks for the huge amount of support that Members from all groups have shown for the Presidency's absolute top priority, namely to reach an agreement in
Copenhagen. Maybe I would not have taken it up if there had been. You can put your gavel down now, Mr President, because I have finished on time. However, in order to make proper use of the existing opportunities,
we need to draw up a transparent, long-term development strategy for rural areas and the regions, and establish a system enabling activities to be coordinated permanently at national level. The only thing
is that the legal situation has been unequivocally clarified, by your legal services for example. I do not think it is possible here to move on to a detailed discussion of the steps that might be envisaged,
but this exchange of questions and answers does clarify the issue. The other aspect or issue relates to controls on agricultural prices. Secondly, the European Commission's handling of the Schengen Information
System has shown that the management of major IT systems cannot be entrusted to the Commission. I would, though, like to leave the Commissioner and the House with a final thought. The Commission should also
present a plan at long last laying down the means by which, notwithstanding the present epidemic, proper beef production can be ensured, we shall no longer need to talk about BSE or to discuss any future
antibiotics scandals, European agriculture can be set to rights and we can inspire confidence among consumers, sustained confidence that will endure beyond the present BSE scandal. It is politically unacceptable
that this report, which contains incorrect facts, was voted in plenary today (24 November 2009). The opening up of markets does not go together with the sort of structural change that we want and about
which we always talk, although I have to say that the question is always to do with who wants what at what point in time. Personally, I believe it is the classic situation. Moreover, I have also suggested
guidelines for a future ‘youth’ programme funded in such a way as to ensure that it can reach the critical size. I welcome the fact that we are now in a position to discuss this important subject in relation
to a separate directive which the Council has now prepared. The Commission certainly does not claim to be infallible and still less do I. Our actions are subject to two levels of judicial control: the Court
of First Instance and the Court of Justice. Until we have achieved the objective of getting children to eat 400 g of fruit per day, it will be the case that the more fruit that children eat the greater
the savings. Furthermore, we believe that the proposals in Amendments Nos 2 and 4 are not necessary and we agree with and support the proposal in Amendment No 11. We have laid down a number of conditions
in the directive with regard to marketing. All of this, of course, with an independent central bank. Article 53 of this has to be changed so that it is significantly easier to take account of the environment
in awarding contracts. I support the report but I think that to ensure a greater degree of consistency, an analysis should have been carried out of the national markets in the States with less developed
economies, especially in new Member States, such as Romania and, following the results, approximation measures to the developed economies should be put in place, as this is a sine qua non condition for
the construction of the European single market. Therefore, you can count on this tomorrow when you go and meet with the ministers for economic affairs and finance. The truth alone can free us, and when we
fight against people like Mr Le Pen we are fighting for our own future. Buyer beware! &#160;&#160; . – Mr President, my Group supports the report on social inclusion in the new Member States and I congratulate
the rapporteur, Mr Őry, on his report. (ES) Mr President, I believe that the responses that can be given now can only alleviate the current situation, but cannot prevent it from happening again. We might
ask whether the Conference has so far met those aims. I voted against the resolution, given that thrombin is an additive which cannot be regarded as a cause for concern in terms of food safety. That is why,
as a strategy to counter the freedom of having no frontiers which those who are able to misuse our economic system enjoy, we also need cooperation, which as far as possible is not affected by frontiers,
between the police and our justice systems whose role it is to pursue the criminals who operate their network on a panEuropean basis. It is therefore a pity that we are in confrontation here on issues which
should unite us in the interests of the citizens of Europe. I hope that you will agree with this line of approach. As this is a highly sensitive issue, I would like to avoid saying things which are not absolutely
clear and accurate. We have all been appalled by the pictures of Canadian seal hunting. Because I consider it quite right that we should not throw hazardous substances into rivers. I have no doubt, President
Barroso, that you are the right man to give shape to our hopes and bring us out of the abyss. But I go further. We must endeavour to make business development, whether it originates from large or small enterprises,
tax-deductible. I believe that the work both of the committee involved and of the rapporteur, Mr Lehne, has resulted in a fair compromise between requirements to comply with the principle of subsidiarity
and the creation of a harmonised route for Member States which are engaged in a joint effort to simplify company rules at European level. On the other hand, it is also true that an invention, in the classical
sense, deserves to be protected by legislation. I wish finally to say that, unfortunately, we have not had the opportunity to take sufficient account of the East European countries and their economies,
something which it would be desirable to do as part of this process. In this context, the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon provides an opportunity to address this problem. The preconditions mentioned
have not been met and I therefore reject an extension of the visa-free area in the strongest possible terms. We take a negative view of several points in the Commission's proposal and, not least, in the
European Parliament's report which, among other things, highlights the value of structural support and the need for the EU to provide support to extremely remote regions. The parallel with the common currency
and a single currency may be instructive if not exact. As for the Constitution, the debate now seems to be entering the realms of fantasy. I therefore also ask you to vote ‘no’ in the first round of voting,
so that all the questions that have been raised can be answered in a proper manner. He has been working on very interesting subjects. Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I appeared before the Committee on
Industry on 6 December to present the results of the Research Council of 2 December. The Commission set an ambitious objective to improve industrial and entrepreneurial competitiveness in the European Union
by promoting research and development and endorsing training schemes. That split conceals another: the first group includes the supporters of a great federalist leap forward and realists who are beginning
to wonder if a totally integrated Europe - economically and politically - really amounts to the correct solution faced with enlargement and the democratic deficit. Colleagues, under the circumstances I
propose that we refer this matter back to committee. You are not accountable and there is no mechanism for the peoples of Europe to remove you. Mr President, I would ask to be allowed to comment on some
of what has been said here in the debate. This is why our group decided to abstain in the final vote. Mr President, I do not use language like that, I speak French. If the mediocre compromise, the idea of
a minimal Europe prevails, with obstinate emphasis on the prerogatives of national traditions, this will not happen. The Bank also did well, in this very respect, in restructuring certain target areas. Another
interesting idea is the European initiative on the creation of the financial conditions required for a genuine accompanying policy to help families and provide education for children. This strategy will
involve small steps down a long road. This own-initiative report, which the Committee on Women's Rights and Equal Opportunities was authorised to draw up, has been turned by its socialist rapporteur and
her communist and green acolytes into a pamphlet in favour of abortion and contraception. This Parliament, a moral authority for good behaviour, has suddenly decided on the most incomprehensible and undemocratic
course of action possible, and I find this impossible to understand. That is what I said and I think that is correct. It was an uprising by the whole population of that village against a recently established
chemical plant, which in a short time had caused very severe air, water and soil pollution. Do I understand that rightly, Mr Bolkestein? Decisions of that kind have never given young people back their freedom. I
think it good that we were able to reach a conclusion concerning the 2006 Budget, even though there is no clarification of the financial perspective for 2007-2013. We have to set that aside and look at
the reality of it. I have already expressed my curiosity to know the estimated additional cost of the better regulation initiative. (DE) Madam President, firstly I would like to thank everyone who has made
this possible and, in particular, the former vice-president Sylvia-Yvonne Kaufmann, who did much of the preliminary work during the previous parliamentary term to ensure that the day would come when the
European citizens' initiative would become reality. We must also focus on objectivity. We already have general rules to protect employees, including against falls from height, but the fact remains that falls
from height account for 10% of all industrial accidents in the EU. There is a lot of talk, and rightly so, about old, single-hull tankers. We might have expected the ‘Eurovignette’ directive to be much more
ambitious. on behalf of the PPE-DE Group. - Madam President, Gloria Arroyo's succession to the Philippines Presidency after former President Estrada's impeachment trial on corruption charges, and her eventual
election in May 2004, have brought some improvements to the country, particularly in terms of security. It also became clear that Serbia would refuse to agree to this, and was counting on a Russian veto
in the UN Security Council. One could point out, however, that third states that strive towards modernising and completing their national export controls regard the EU code of conduct as an important reference
document. A situation has arisen in which we are voting on different institutions, and in accordance with the rules, we are obliged to vote on each institution separately. Once this regulation is adopted
by the Council, the Commission will then decide detailed implementing rules which will gradually increase the degree of protection for cattle being transported. I am also pleased to welcome the Presidents
of the national parliaments of Romania and Bulgaria, who join us in the public gallery ... Having said this, I should also like to thank the Commissioner for the attention that she has paid to this report,
but I must say, Commissioner, that your intervention raised some questions that I think are absolutely crucial to clarify. As is always the case with compromises, not all our proposals have been fulfilled. Some
of them are extremely important, such as the pilot projects for small and medium-sized businesses, combating terrorism, nuclear arms reduction and conflict prevention. As a result of German reunification,
an entire region was deindustrialised. In addition to this outstanding woman, thousands of peaceful demonstrators have been imprisoned on political grounds and people have been secretly to disappeared. I
believe that is possible and I would like to conclude with a comment of a political nature. Now we can see that, in Europe, the left supports left-wing racism and is in favour of left-wing anti-Semitism! If
we are to encourage him to think about his own people and about peace in the region and in the world, we must take a united stand - in this Parliament too. The desired balance, apart from all emotional
considerations, accompanied by the creation of a strong and independent European agency, should make it possible for us to achieve these important objectives for our health, our environment, and also for
our industry. The Council wanted to avoid the setting of a precedent, with Member States being seen to back away from a deal they had signed up to in May 2004. Compact discs are not exactly antediluvian,
and it would appear that these have to be taxed, whereas programmes circulating on the Internet are apparently to be exempt from tax. They have my respect and my esteem, but the current situation is what
is important at the moment, and we are in the European Parliament judging other matters, and not in the Spanish Parliament. In the first case, the target population seems to be strictly limited; their needs
are enormous; any negative consequences will be limited to the subject being treated. This morning we have at last heard some encouraging news from the United States, after the meeting between Mr Chernomyrdin
and Mr Clinton: there now appears to be a glimmer of hope. Firstly, Russia has signed an agreement with Abkhazia and Ossetia which secures the presence of Russian troops in these provinces of Georgia. If
we are not able to protect minorities for whatever reason, we no longer have the right to claim that the European Parliament is the home of human rights, of fundamental rights and of this struggle throughout
the world. We have to keep the pressure up in all areas by removing further barriers, intensifying pressure on Member States who fail to implement single market measures and, of course, extending into crucial
new areas like financial services. Attention also needs to be paid to techniques which improve ambient air quality. Alongside positive points, there are also a few negative points to be identified. Without
prevention we can achieve nothing. We cannot, Madam President, Commissioner, and will not, tolerate such a situation. Leaving aside this repetition of Soviet rhetoric about Solidarność, he does have an important
point, which I would like to make here again today. It is scandalous that European countries in the modern age are engaging in the kind of activity we saw in the Oscar-winning film Erin Brockovich, which
featured Julia Roberts, and where we saw that only in California could something like this happen, with factories exporting toxic waste and people then falling seriously ill and even dying. I want to say
a special thank-you to Mrs Schörling, who has put a great deal of work into her role as rapporteur. I think that Europe should work with China to encourage best practice in what could be the first real
opportunity to do something for Africa after years of talking about it and doing nothing. The EU must be consistent in its policy and acknowledge its responsibility in the area now and in the long term. There
is no doubt – as already emphasised and now reiterated by us in this Chamber – that progress, even substantial progress, has been made. But the fact that the President of the Commission has secured a right
not available to his predecessors to dismiss any Commissioner, should that ever be necessary, means that we can rest assured - and we shall be vigilant on this - that, if anything new emerges, we will
be able to take action. Madam President, Commissioner, I am an elected representative of the two largest islands in the Union which are not home to a European capital city - Sicily and Sardinia - and I
must therefore express my continuing regret at the lamentable absence of any integrated Community policy or specific instruments for the European island regions, confronted as they are by an extremely
wide range of problems which continue to act as a permanent obstacle to their development. That ha produced consequences that are plain to see. Let us be clear, Mr President, ladies and gentlemen: in the
rest of the world, socio-economic strategies are already being implemented for the medium term. However, we have voted against paragraph 15 of the Nobilia report, as the idea of setting up a European framework
of incomes policy and social security cuts directly into Member States' competences. We hear all the time that the Unionist population in Northern Ireland feel that they are under siege and under threat. It
is what is called 'soft money' and 'hard money' . These agreements constitute the basic instrument to act as a framework for political dialogue, which should of course not end with their signing and ratification. I
therefore hope that this renewal will bear fruit for both parties. As in the 1995 report, the main part of the 1996 report concerns the measuring of the effect of the completion of the internal market on
small and medium-sized firms. They relate to what Mr van Velzen called social VAT. In the case of Amendment 6, the Commission believes that the internal system for excluding firms which it currently has
in place answers this demand sufficiently. Safety of Toys ( The proposal for the Danube strategy was drawn up in 2006. So I know no more about them than you, who are well-informed politicians. The genetic
resources of our planet must not be monopolized in the private hands of a few companies. The introduction of the novel concept of legislative acts has far-reaching consequences. We must ask ourselves what
effect such a climate has, firstly on fragile or diseased minds and, secondly, on criminal minds. We cannot impose the reform structure or the structure of pension systems on Member States, but we can measure
it with a series of indicators. We know that from experience, and from the comic if appalling example that Mr Bösch has just quoted. Regional efforts to solve the crisis should be encouraged in line with
principles, such as that of good governance, laid down in the initiative concerning the New Partnership for African Development, NEPAD, in which the states of southern Africa play a crucial role. We regret
that the report does not fully take on board our suggestion, but we welcome the fact that it reaches a conclusion which is very close to ours. But before we do that, let us remind ourselves of the importance
of services. Are you going to do the same today? In positive terms this means that children must have enough healthy food, proper clothing and proper housing but also adequate health care and a satisfactory
degree of safety in traffic. These are the oil extractions from bituminous shale, which may pose a hazard to the environment and the local communities in the area, as well as the lack of reciprocity in
the case of compulsory visa requirements for Bulgarian, Romanian and Czech citizens. To prevent this sad truth from becoming so evident, you are following a policy of concealing information from Parliament,
which you now want to get expressly embodied in the Financial Regulation. I said that we considered it important to make the structural and procedural preparations needed to transform a union of Western
European countries into a truly pan-European Union which would, at the same time, have power to act in matters of foreign policy and security, and which must therefore be more democratic too. Adam Smith's
vision of a free economy unhampered by interventions of massive aggregations of capital is far from the reality that we see in the contemporary globalised economy. As long as there are nuclear power stations
in our neighbouring countries, we cannot ignore the issue. If anybody else had been mentioned by name I would have given them the floor, but that was not the case. This is why we need fair prices and a change
in the agricultural subsidy system. The time we have available is very short, but this House must take up this major challenge over the coming months. This is why I have assumed the responsibility of being
the rapporteur for this regulation, as well as for the European Parliament report adopted at the beginning of the month concerning the administrative and legal barriers raised by Member States preventing
the freedom of movement of European citizens. Mr President, I wish to say first of all that your work programme is also ours and that really your ambitions are also ours, and I am sure you will have the
support of the House. We offer our help in doing this. However, if we want to build a common area of justice, freedom and security and achieve mutual recognition in future in terms of court rulings, decisions
such as today’s framework decision are definitely necessary. My second question is this: how in this context are you going to guarantee Parliament's right of scrutiny? Millions of sports fans can feel that
they have won the cup today. I would therefore like to mention it here. Everyone remains conscious of the tragedy of Beslan. We chose the short term and, once again, we have been left with a strengthening
of the interests of the internal market and of the big industrial companies. This approach is to a large extent reflected in the report, insofar as it advocates a comprehensive vision, a mixed or combined
approach comprising a horizontal instrument and other sectoral instruments, and scrupulous application of the principles of better regulation. The non-invocability of banking and commercial secrecy in response
to requests for mutual assistance is set down in Article 3. I think that this decision, the quite reasonable position of the European Parliament, should be used to help discussions on matters that will
arise in the future or that we know are already being considered by the Council. Inevitably each Prime Minister puts his own spin on what summits achieve. Thank you, Mr President, for handling matters in
this way. Our wish to have the powers of the group of coordinators strengthened and extended has also been heard. I welcome the fact that the rapporteur reminds us about the importance of closing the digital
divide, and of providing the widest possible access to the Internet. Let us also, however, impose those same standards on importers of food from outside the Union, otherwise our efforts to raise standards
will prove counterproductive. What is more, this would lead to a tendency to create some support or opposition groups in Parliament which would in turn upset the free political game where all Members are
part of the opposition from the outset and have no reason to support either the President or the Commissioners. Whilst the two of them are virtually equally profitable, they cannot compete with fuels derived
from oil. in writing. - The Baltic Sea Strategy promoted by the Swedish Presidency is very welcome. With regard to the agreement that has been reached, it is important to mention the aspects dealing with
the budget and its increase by EUR 5 million to EUR 75 million for the five years of the programme, which is still insufficient, but, given the Council' s intransigence, not reaching an agreement would
have meant the programme not coming into force at the beginning of next year. every assessment of legislation aimed at its simplification should, however, ascribe equal importance to economic and social
issues, and take account of issues relating to health and environmental protection; The Presidency feels that it is essential that this summit establishes a forward-looking, action-based system capable
of getting to grips with the current food crisis and increasing efforts to achieve the first Millennium Development Goal - to eradicate extreme poverty and hunger. Madam President, Mrs Peijs' report on
retail payments in the internal market takes up Parliament' s longstanding complaint about the high cost of cross-border payments within the Union. Therefore, though I can only applaud the fact that this
Utopia is becoming a reality within the European Union, I do think that we should show a little more modesty. Mr President, democracy alone will deliver states from barbarism, ethnic warfare and despotic
and military governments. There again, there is no opinion. This is where the question arises. The United States also recognised the European Union's significant financial contribution for that very purpose. In
any case, I think we agree on a number of areas and on the question which needs to be asked about how far a network must extend to qualify for subsidies and what constitutes a network. This very promising
scheme was launched by Mrs Mercouri in 1985. Our goal is to achieve a situation in which our legislation is, in every case, clear, comprehensible and user-friendly and also takes account of technological
progress. Having said this, when dealing with natural disasters there is no room for complacency and it is clear that our prevention, preparedness and response activities can still be improved. Amendment
990: + EUR 1.53m on line 16 03 04, commitment appropriations only; Any such decision will depend on a prior proposal having been put to the Swedish people, either in a referendum or in conjunction with
elections to the Riksdag. I would like to thank the British Presidency for making a life without fear the focus of their Presidency. However, my enthusiasm is tempered by the reality that liberalisation
in areas such as medicine, legal and fiscal advice and employment agencies, whilst worthy, is essentially a distraction from the big picture of further liberalisation in the telecommunications, energy
and financial services sectors. Might that not after all be a possibility, legally and practically? This issue will have to be discussed, as we must not lose sight of the possibility of simplifying our system
of arable farming. Because we are not joining another country; other countries are joining the Union. I voted against granting discharge in respect of the 2009 general budget of the Council because the Council
has refused to respond to questions from Parliament on this topic and has failed to provide the essential documents that Parliament has requested. The European Parliament, in the amendments which the Committee
on Fisheries has presented, asks the Commission to pursue the matter, to inform Parliament and the Council, at least three months before the expiry of the agreement, so that its continuation may be ensured. The
part of this report that proposes a reduction in the tax and administrative burden for companies is positive: this is an important goal for reducing competition from third countries where tax, production
and labour costs are appreciably lower than in Europe. The extent of this vote of no confidence, which gained 232 votes in the only real motion of censure, which was tabled on the initiative of the Group
of Independents for a Europe of Nations, powerfully demonstrates our people's rejection of the way in which Europe is currently being run. When will there be an effective common European airspace? As Mr
Santer rightly said, unemployment is undermining the trust of our European citizens. Mr President, with your permission I will also be representing Mr Florenz, Chairman of the Committee on the Environment,
Public Health and Food Safety. Any nuclear plant which is not safe should be closed down. This makes it crucial that work continues to discover new and better instruments to combat tuberculosis and which
promote innovative diagnostic technologies, along with medicines and vaccines. We hope to reach a solid and workable solution to this issue in the Council next week. We are in favour of women being given
in this respect, once and for all, the freedom to choose, and of policymakers creating the conditions under which women will be able to do just that, particularly with regard to education, vocational training
and equal pay for equal work. In drafting programmes aimed at improving the environmental impact of olive groves, consideration should therefore also be given to recycling material removed when pruning
the groves. I admire and value his dedication and commitment, and I also very much appreciate his rapidity. I do not believe that we can. We are part of the international community. Its objectives are a change
in the strategy of Member States regarding their national plans for the management of influenza, including stocks of vaccine, the publication of the names of all the experts consulted by the European health
authorities, and an efficient relationship of trust with the media responsible for disseminating public health messages. By introducing a voluntary scheme such as ecolabels, we can encourage a market in
more energy-efficient and ecologically kinder goods. The primary reason for this is that the model of the agreement being proposed to Moldova does not offer the same guarantees on integration as the Stabilisation
and Association Agreement offered to states in the Western Balkans. This is why I did not respond; if I could do it, I would, but, as you know, we have no authority in this matter. We shall now proceed to
the signing of the amending budgets for the financial year 2004, which we voted yesterday. That is the wrong track for Lisbon. But in this partnership, it is important that NGOs retain their autonomy and
independence. Mr President, let me first welcome, also on behalf of my colleague, Benita Ferrero-Waldner, the remarkable work of the two rapporteurs as well the constructive analysis and comments made by
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Development and the Committee on International Trade concerning the different aspects and perspectives for future agreements with these regions. It is
a People's Charter for a better Europe. That objective is incompatible with divisions between the applicant countries or a reduction in social and economic cohesion funds, both of which could in themselves
bring about the disintegration of the European Union. More than a million people are still homeless. First, by highlighting the use of anabolic agents as a public health problem, as you quite rightly said. I
would like to inform and at the same time reassure the Members who have just spoken on this important and serious matter. Surely, if we are to have equality of opportunity in Europe, the least we can do
is to require a certain standard of competence in a language rather than use of it from the cradle. Secondly, as has been mentioned here today, a gap is opening up between what we say and what we do, in
other words, a gap between the EU's internal and external responses. Today's vote, which confirmed the release of EUR 35.6 million for these departments, as well as EUR 31.2 million for Portugal, which
suffered flooding in Madeira caused by this storm, is an example of this common desire to show true solidarity between European citizens. We are in full agreement with you as regards its importance, but
we are just waiting for the right moment to present the proposal, which must be discussed by everybody together. I therefore hope, Madam President, Mr Commissioner, that today's debate will serve on the
one hand to establish the need to consider the subject of the islands in its global perspective and on the other and in a very special way, to stress the effort needed in this final stage of the Intergovernmental
Conference, so that the outermost regions of the European Union receive different legal treatment so that they may be regarded as a special case. We are currently seeing this in one European Union Member
State. Let me cite just three examples. We will leave you to ponder the answer. The ACP/EU Joint Parliamentary Assembly will take place as of mid-March. Fewer people will offer to help future refugees. Madam
President, I would like to point out that this is, of course, a worker-protection issue. The execution of children, and indeed the death penalty, is something that we will not tolerate. We therefore need
to act to ensure an end to the colonisation, the lifting of the blockade of Gaza, the destruction of the wall of shame, the return of the refugees, and the release of all the political prisoners. So we
will not support a free-trade agreement at the moment, because we want to have a debate in our Group first and we want to be clear that Parliament will be fully involved in the debate and the consultation
process. These universities must, in fact, be encouraged to participate in European integration from the inside rather than to contemplate it from the outside. These values are clearer and are in line with
current science. Only in this way will it be possible to maintain the competitiveness of our industry and promote economic growth and job creation. And, if I may, I should like to make a few comments on
the amendments that have been tabled. It was also possible to adopt budgets which fell well below the revenue-based ceiling of own-resources. &#160;&#160; Mr President, I wish to make a plea on behalf of
Europe's stateless nations. It is clear to see where the ECB' s priority lies; it has acquired the habit of facing the policy makers with a fait accompli and its main aim is to gain the respect of the financial
centres, to which it evidently attaches more value than to the confidence of the people. This has become even more relevant given the deadlock in the Council last week. So there is quite clearly, in my view,
a correlation. Mr Sjöstedt's report therefore receives my warm support. Independent eco-labelling schemes, such as the Swedish Nature Conservation Society's Bra Miljöval, are to be banned. I drive a lot,
and I also fly a lot for business purposes. (SK) We have heard words such as enlargement fatigue, crisis or the need for consolidation. Additionally, the resolution has enabled those people who fight for
human rights and democracy to vote in favour of signing the Agreement. It is a fact that sometimes our neighbours are countries with a highly developed bureaucracy and controlled democracy. I welcome the
recognition that enlargement is essential for the wellbeing, stability and prosperity of all of Europe, both East and West. I also wonder how a situation of that kind could arise in the heart of Europe,
and I do not know whether the Council has answered that. How can these be reduced? The accounts accurately reflect the revenue and expenditure for the financial year, and the financial position of the Community. This
agreement offers fresh hope for long-term peace and stability to the people of Somalia. Our farmers' benefit payments should therefore be increased along these lines. I conclude by expressing my gratitude
to the Committee on Transport and Tourism and specifically to the rapporteur, Mr Lagendijk, for the expeditious work and the excellent report on this detailed and important proposal. This is the plea I
would make with regard to the 2000 budget: we must not carry on like this. In summary, we support a new energy and eco-tax system but we do not support more taxes per se . Copenhagen did indeed mobilise
more heads of state than Kyoto, but it also created more divisions and, as a result, it turned into a scenario of 'every man for himself', where every state can set out their goals and, moreover, do so
on a voluntary basis. However, we must work to ensure that there is a high level of participation in the river basin management plans in order to create a common, transparent framework and to promote cross-border
cooperation. Telecommunications: Qualified majority voting: I would stress that the issue is not really about how many fields could be changed from unanimity to qualified majority voting. The Council' s budget
is interesting, as there are appropriations in it for the first time for a common security and defence policy. I personally noticed a contradiction between delegates from the Mid-West who defended the old
industries and the delegates from California, who like us, believed that the utilization of new technologies is a source of progress and new jobs. The legality of this vote is thus beyond dispute. After
the events earlier this year in Zaghreb and the more recent events in Belgrade, we must hope that the future of south-east Europe is free of the setting of landmines. Of these, Germany has taken nearly
10 000, which means that the rest of the Member States between them have not yet managed even 8 000 Kosovars. And the remainder would disappear if you took measures on other greenhouse gases like CFCs and
methane. It is also the subject of controversial discussions on ecological justifiability. But project related cooperation problems still exist, caused by the current differences between the financial regulations
of the Community and UNESCO, and by their implementation. For this reason I would support the UN's proposal for a moratorium on biofuels. Regrettably, the more the European Parliament, an institution which
proclaims itself to be the temple of democracy, gains decision-making powers, the more fundamental freedoms - particularly the freedom of research, opinion and expression - are flouted. As far as we are
concerned, the primary objective should be to promote sustainable modernisation and development in the sector. On the last occasion, the Chinese did not play a particularly helpful role and I say this with
gentle irony. I would therefore suggest that we are extremely cautious with these criteria because this is obviously a very sensitive area. However, that is a scientific matter, and we are examining the
issue from the healthpolicy point of view. The ten-year period for the maintenance of monitoring data, as proposed by the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Policy, instead of the
five years proposed by the Commission, is, in my opinion, unreasonably long. I cannot reply to all these details straight away. Before Parliament today there are 12 compromise amendments dealing with important
issues where, in the spirit of the Amsterdam Treaty yet to be ratified, I am pleased to present the results of a recent trialogue between myself, the Commission and the Council. Regarding information for
patients in that area, discussions continue but it seems to be that the majority in the Council and the majority in Parliament are not so far from each other. In 1994 the figure had fallen to just 14 %. What
is the added value for Europe if we give the money via the United Nations? No, I think that it would be best to discuss the matter further with Mrs Péry, and simply say that, from a more philosophical point
of view, the idea of reconciling family and professional life is certainly not to disadvantage women or return to a more traditional model, but on the contrary to move towards our common aim of achieving
true sexual equality. My own experience when, in a responsible post within the UN' s development programme, I sought cooperation with the Union at national level with a view to assembling and coordinating
forces in different areas was that, as a rule, it did not work, either because almost every decision in the EU' s case needed to be taken in Brussels and also because of the lack of qualified staff within
the area concerned. She was refused entry as soon as she arrived at the airport. However, according to the current legislation, Member States can continue to maintain these restrictions in force, which is
indeed a fact in relation to the states having joined in 2004. Not because we do not have regulation in Europe - on the contrary, we have a great deal of regulation in this sector. We are fairly sceptical
about the active and intelligent materials. Should there be, though, in future, provisions on food that impose the labelling of all ingredients of flavourings, we will, of course, also have to apply them
to feedingstuffs. Urgent and great efforts by the parties will be needed to achieve a comprehensive peace, based on the vision of a region where two democratic states, Israel and Palestine, live side by
side in peace, in secure and recognised borders. Let me say something about nuclear power. The market and abattoirs are weighed down with inspectors at every level and the cost of inspections is now about
75 % of total costs to ensure that the rules are followed. I therefore identify with your plea entirely. Accordingly, in its Communication entitled 'Limiting global warming to 2°c' adopted this year, the
Commission stated that in order to ensure that there is a 50% chance of not exceeding the 2°c limit, it will be necessary to keep greenhouse gas concentrations at substantially less than 550ppm CO2 equivalent
in the decades ahead. I, for example, am from the Basque Country, and I live close to Bilbao. The report reveals how and where the chill of the economy and the rat race can be combated with social warmth. It
sends the complaint on a return flight to its country of origin and, once again, nothing gets done. Firstly, as everyone says, we must hand over the keys to the Afghans themselves; we must ensure that the
conflict is an Afghan conflict. On balance, the attempt to step up dialogue makes a lot of sense. Under this agreement, permanent access to the Parliament premises is allowed only to the registered interest
representatives. We need cooperation between majorities and minorities on an equal footing. The only way to normalise democratic relations, let us not forget, is to put a stop to all forms of violence and
violations of human rights. (DE) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, I agree with the honest and, therefore, critical evaluation of the accession negotiations in the current progress report on Turkey. However,
I know that in the Commission you have been positive and courageous. I am in favour of the exclusion of foods produced from cloned animals and their progeny from the regulation's area of application. We
also feel that by playing a more effective role in this process, the European Parliament can make a contribution and provide certain guarantees. Ireland is a nation of small businesses. The governments claim
they very much want this democratic control, but they stand to lose every shred of credibility if they now try to avoid it by quickly forcing something through which will have huge implications for the
public and for hundreds of Internet and telecoms businesses. Common rules in the field of civil aviation security (debate) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, it makes no sense at all to me. I will finish
by saying that if we really do not want Europe to be excluded from the conquest of space, funding cannot remain public. Most of all, the Greek Cypriots do not want poor neighbours. As regards the Community
currency, Mr Herman, my answer to you is that the approach selected is the approach of national sovereignty. The YoM initiative supports lifelong learning and the 'new skills for new jobs' initiative of
the European Commission. For the coming budget year, this means that the decision taken to completely clear the promotion backlog will lead to upgradings for 26.5 % of staff with scope for promotion. It
is absolutely useless to anticipate the outcome of this type of study and debate since that would offer absolutely no solution to what you call a common policy. That gives the operators clarity. The 1948
Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the conventions of the International Labour Organisation, and those on the environment are, by their very nature, superior to the standards that govern trade. There
are three of them: Swedish citizens who have ended up in a rat trap. But what if Milosevic does not go? Did the Communist Party, to which Mr Wurtz belongs, not welcome Stalin's acquisition of the atomic
bomb, at the time? For these reasons, I have rejected the proposal for the Commission-designate made up in this way. I believe that transferring players under the age of 16 should be banned and that priority
should be attached to training clubs. The reform of the common agricultural policy is a central pillar of the overall structure, but it is only together with the other pillars of reform that it can support
the Agenda 2000 structure. The first level relates to a Europe of results, a Europe of practical projects, but – and we are coming to the second level – a Europe of results that is not in opposition, that
is not an alternative, to political Europe, and that is, in contrast, a prerequisite for gaining the citizens' support for Europe as a great political project. We must recognize quite clearly that action
must be taken here. Indeed, that is what this entire directive is about: recent lessons. It was important to emphasise this, and I wish to follow Mr Van Orden's lead by, in turn, warmly welcoming Romania,
as he, for his part, welcomed Bulgaria. I should like to take advantage of this opportunity to reiterate my appeal to all those who care about human rights to support the amendments tabled by the UEN, in
which we call for an end to Union financial support for programmes promoting compulsory abortion in third countries. The removal of most of the proposed compulsory and optional exemptions and reductions
relating to products which are not currently taxed cannot be accepted. However, I cannot accept such an argument. Virtually the only thing that the Council seems to be actively interested in financing is
the militarisation of the EU. And finally, the fruit and vegetable market, where some EUR 700 million are allocated to producers' organisations. And since we are on the subject of clarification, can you
also assure me that the text on the European arrest warrant on which we could submit amendments up to 4 p.m. last Thursday is still the same text and was not changed last weekend? The contractor now has
a period of 20 days in which to correct the existing problems. We have a statement by the Commission that the social model of each Member State is its own business. Mr President, I believe it is the first
time in this House that a properly introduced motion was refused even during its introduction - in fact we originally wanted to introduce it as an additional point under human rights, and only one opportunity
was granted to us to find an alternative in the case of these nuclear tests. It is not, however, the EU’s task to define which measures should be taken in the Member States or by other actors in society. However,
it would be a mistake to dismiss all the rest as pure institutional technicalities, as abstract exercises in institutional engineering of no interest whatsoever to the citizens. The experts of this agency
support a one-sided policy agenda, without trying to reach balance and objectivity. Comprehensive transit agreements have been in place worldwide for the last 60 years and it is therefore vital that any
additional information required would have to be processed in a straightforward manner. That, therefore, is the reason for our misgivings and our questioning. This ban is urgently needed as a result of the
dramatic consequences of illegal logging. And the questions of enhanced cooperation and flexibility, which will probably be the two concepts that will make possible a Union of not only 15 but 20 or more,
are dealt with ambiguously. Member of the Commission. - (FR) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, you can imagine the great pleasure it gives me to return here just 48 hours after the investiture of the
College - for which I thank you - and to continue my work with you, Mr Harbour - and I say this in particular to the members of the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection - in a different
manner, and most likely in a different place, but in the same spirit. I would also like to thank Mr Grosch very much for a report the quality of which has been unanimously recognised. The Prime Minister
of the Czech Republic has informed me of his decision to appoint Mr Jan Zahradil as his representative to the deliberations on the Berlin Declaration, and, more generally, in matters relating to the revival
of the constitutional process during the German Presidency. We ought to lead the way and should not allow European vanity to take hold. From that point of view, reference has rightly been made to the central
role played by education to increase the awareness of the populations concerned, but even more important is to associate development and anti-poverty policies in the efforts to combat the production of
drugs. Unfortunately, the Council removed at first reading a number of the aspects which we consider to be essential. When a pandemic is announced as dangerous but turns out to be a storm in a teacup, then
worryingly, future warnings will no longer be taken seriously. And, thanks to the transitional solution presented by the Portuguese Government and also mentioned here by Minister Jouyet, the so-called 'SIS
One 4 All', it is now fully operational and it has allowed nine of the new Member Sates to be connected to the SIS. This actually ought to have the effect of substantially reducing the anticipated margin
in the current agriculture budget. Who do you think is among the most actively interested in the conclusions of the work of scientists and technical experts in Liberec? We will not be doing that if we routinely
wait for initiatives from the Council and the Commission. A marked increase in the population of the states on the southern shore of the Mediterranean, combined with economic development that cannot keep
pace with that, have meant that more and more people there cannot gain access to education or employment. The Commission has explained to this House on many occasions that it does not have the power to
impose sanctions or call on the private sector to refrain from investing. Secondly, communications strategy, in particular, because of the European elections and the low turnout at those elections, because
of our enlargement and the need to explain the idea of the Union much better to the new citizens and because we are in the midst of a constitutional debate on the future of the European Union, this is
another priority for Parliament and we have, therefore, presented an amendment to the tune of EUR 24 million. It must be realistic; in other words, it must make sense in the context of US and Russian space
policy and act as a driving force for the European Union. The only ray of hope is the regulation on organic farming and, in Germany, recently, there has been much talk of a superior culture. As regards the
Hazan report, which I voted for, I have to say that I particularly welcome the intention it expresses to combat the intolerable level of corruption which persists in all the States of our Europe, but also
- and, I would say, in particular, regrettably, in the candidate countries. It is very important to increase the awareness of the European citizens and companies that electronic communications need to be
encrypted to guarantee confidentiality. It is going forward. It is essential that we continue to support the coal industry in Europe to allow uncompetitive mines to be closed down gradually. Its aim is to
establish a Community framework to achieve transparency in qualifications and competences by creating a portfolio of interlinked personal documents, to be known as a Europass, which citizens may use on
a voluntary basis to communicate and set out their qualifications and competences better throughout Europe. All these are aims worthy of support from the point of view of the EU's targets, but some of the
provisions now being discussed go even further than the Rotterdam Convention. Yes, we should be aware of the dangers of the economy sliding off the rails, whether they come from outside or inside the European
Union. I was pleased to hear, Mr Napolitano, that we agree on the fact that we must not go too quickly, or risk jeopardising the Charter. It is recognised that the United Kingdom has the best safety record
in the EU. We also endorse the proposal to create a ‘European Union’ tourism mark, characterised by the tremendous social and cultural diversity, high quality services and sustainable tourist projects in
the EU, to be promoted via a suitable publicity campaign aimed at potential visitors from third countries. For the internal market to function there have to be flexible transport connections between the
different regions of the Union. How is the Commission and Council of Ministers going to respond, then, to the challenge when it debates the Socrates programme? He is a man who has the agreement, the consensus
and the support of the international community and of the international financial institutions. Fujimori then rediscovered his Japanese nationality, something which under Peruvian law would have forbidden
him from standing for public office, particularly as president, under Peru’s Constitution in 1990. Projects in these areas are already being promoted under the Fifth Research Framework Programme, and the
topic of neuro-immune dysfunction can also be included in future invitations to tender under the current Sixth Framework Programme. That is a purely technical amendment and will be taken into account. Relations
between the European Union and Latin America could be the key to cooperation between two major world regions. Although I see that as an encouragement, this does not add up to extra money. Existing concepts
and plans for road and rail transport need to be realised more quickly if real improvements are to be made. Mr President-in-Office, your work programme is a worthy one. These will be seen by the European
Parliament as major sacrifices, but they are necessary to secure ratification of the package by all 27 countries. We want to restore the United Nations' authority and we want the United Nations to make
it its concern that a change of regime should come about here. Yes, the young Europe. In fact we already know that, because of treatment and disposal capacity (incineration or landfill), measures which have
to be implemented at too short notice cannot be applied at Community level if they cover effluent - whether category 1 or category 2 - from wastewater treatment plants at slaughterhouses, which are often
shared facilities. Kidney stone patients have to be very careful about taking much more than just vitamin C and calcium. Finalising this, as you know, requires unanimity of the Member States. We totally support
the Commission's position as long as this remains resolutely in accordance with the spirit of the principles and rules of the World Trade Organisation. Given that problems of mis-selling, to use a nice
French expression, have come to light in several EU countries, damaging investor confidence, we must at some point, here or elsewhere, match the more complex nature of investment products with greater
protection for investors, whoever they may be. It should also be noted that the Ombudsman is increasingly undertaking action on his own initiative; for example, regarding delayed payments from the European
Union, disability and discrimination. I fail to see why they cannot be left to reach a decision on their own concerning their fish and their fishing. I think they will at least help give the industry some
support in the future. And finally, the only industrial activities allowed in 21st century Europe should be those which ensure the decontamination and recycling of their waste. That change of atmosphere
from September to January is a great credit to the leadership of Parliament and it is also a sign of health in Europe. A person should notice that he is crossing an EU Member State border only from a standard
information board. This is without a doubt also the case for the pressing issue of immigration. Protection and the promotion of the rights of individuals on the Internet and the balance that should be found
between privacy and security are extremely important, but these are likewise not issues that should be resolved at EU level. For Objective&#160;III the cuts amounted to 50%. There should be no extra administrative
burdens for our producers, however. This game of reciprocal complaints being examined by the WTO's dispute settlement body continues to fuel the row between the two largest aircraft manufacturers in the
world. The Commission is already on board. This is the subject we are dealing with today, but we must also underline the benefits of legal immigration. At the beginning of March China managed, after a lot
of machinations, and despite great efforts on the part of the Union, to prevent the adoption of a highly critical resolution by the UN Committee on Human Rights. Therefore, in accordance with the aims of
the Community civil aviation policy, the Memorandum of Cooperation will strengthen the relationship between the Community and ICAO and allow for better use of the limited resources of Member States in
the field of compliance monitoring. This programme will be met with some apathy and reactions as regards the wording and the actual execution of it. I tend to feel that we need to put a lot more Community
power behind the fight against fraud, and I think that the coordination between the Member States has failed to come up with the goods so far. Only if we act jointly and purposefully can we take on one
of the major challenges for mankind, the danger caused by climate change. This acceptance no longer applies to benzene, as you will have gathered from the previous comments. We have just learned, following
the meeting of the Bureau, that the Israeli Government would like to exclude Mrs Le Pen from the political discussions of the Israeli delegation. We need to implement the economic decisions taken over recent
years which we have not done enough to promote. Respect for human rights is a fundamental value enshrined in the Treaty on European Union. The plan takes account of the need for socio-economic measures to
help fishermen, the Community financing of measures – note, with their own budgetary heading – reliable data on the state of fish stocks, and research into other reasons behind the decline in stocks, such
as pollution. Indeed, about 30&#160;000 people are marching in Strasbourg today, wanting to protect the markets in which they operate. This sort of report is the latest of innumerable examples of the democratic
deficit in Europe and of the interference from the European level that can only erode still further Europeans’ confidence in Europe. South Africa ought to - and must - be the European Union' s greatest
and best friend in Africa, for South Africa will play a quite decisive role in the whole continent' s future. Several speakers - such as Mr Blokland and Mr Langen - drew attention to the ageing population
problem. That would send all the wrong signals to Johannesburg. Firstly, repeated mention has been made of the issue of safety and quality requirements and an appropriate label. It must, though, be made equally
plain to Israel that it must not perpetuate the cycle of violence or even, perhaps, set one in motion. Dock work has a glorious, long-standing tradition, which has created rights and prosperity by linking
trading activities with the towns that welcomed them. I believe that Mr Wiebenga did not realise that he was taking on such a great responsibility when he produced his first report and that he will not
mind being rapporteur for this issue for life. This would consequently increase opportunities for fraudulent practices. I, personally, at least, would like this to happen and for the surplus foodstuffs in
question not to be destroyed. Fair systems guarantee that education and training are independent of socioeconomic background and other factors that place individuals at a disadvantage. In Dublin, for example,
the water is fluoridated but the parametric value of 1.5 mg per litre was not exceeded and, according to this report, the highest concentration recorded was 0.9 mg. We have to say to the reluctant Commission
that this issue will not go away. Ladies and gentlemen, such a high number of isolated incidents points to a system. Yet another European Council summit is to deal with the Lisbon Strategy, which is deemed
to have failed and needs to be reviewed. They may be able to provide some help in connection with the long-term reconstruction. As you will remember, the Commission does not hesitate to propose legislative
measures when they seem appropriate and beneficial to consumers. But their hands are not clean. Thus, the aid is no longer fully utilised and measures have been taken, such as the establishment of cooperatives
and changes in direct marketing methods, in preparation for this opening up of the market. Saddam Hussein is a bloodthirsty dictator, a real threat to peace. I have therefore abstained from the vote. This
is a very welcome initiative, and indeed proposals of a more concrete nature could also be drawn up with a view to providing support for small and medium-sized enterprises and increasing the competitive
potential of this sector. I value greatly the possibilities that EU policies, whether internal or external, have offered the fight against violence against women, and I am delighted with the support they
have received in general. It is completely understandable that its growth worries its political rivals who, in this situation, practise the revolutionary logic of 'no freedom for the enemies of freedom',
which is completely inadmissible. We must accept that responsibility. We do have a lack here and it is the responsibility of the Commission to demonstrate that, and to take action so we can proceed together
so that in the future, we will be looked upon as the leading economy. Figures are available from the USA to show that in these areas there have already been instances of death and poor tolerance. I must
emphasise, however, that, amongst other aspects: The reverse has been proven to be the case on various occasions, in the full range of the European Union's activities. As far as Heading&#160;IV is concerned,
however, it is not so much Parliament’s priorities that are in conflict, but the British Presidency’s own statements. The transport of explosive materials is covered by Directive 94/55 on the transport
of dangerous goods by road. The initial subsidy in 1994-95 amounted to ESP 411 million, whereas by 1998-99 it had risen to ESP 10 000 million. A transparent, non-discriminatory transport framework and a
business environment that supports investments are not only important for the supply security of EU Member States, but are also crucial for the stability and prosperity of the region. - (ES) Madam President,
taking advantage of the fact that we are talking about the budget, I think that we should prepare ourselves for negotiating a continuation of support for coal next year; it is a vital domestic source of
energy. I hope that the next Parliament will have the opportunity to give its opinion on the definitive establishment of a common asylum system. The future is in their hands. I recommend the President-in-Office
to follow the example of the enlargement of the euro area, and that of the discussions on enlargement of the last six months. in writing. - The health and safety of workers is paramount, in particular,
regarding road transport, because accidents affect pedestrians and passengers of other vehicles too. We have already talked about the others, such as personal data protection, privacy, human dignity and
imaging techniques. However, there are also some unfortunate gaps in it. That is the question I would like to put to you. Minister Fayyad has confirmed that with our latest help he has succeeded in consolidating
public-sector revenues and there is much greater budgetary transparency with monthly budget execution reports available, even on the Internet. The EU and Parliament have always been clear about the expectations
of European citizens. We have, I think, discussed this issue in committee on numerous occasions. (Parliament indicated its agreement with the tabling of the oral amendment) (Parliament adopted the resolution) The
answer then, and now, is that the only way to achieve this is through dialogue, in the context of enlargement and membership. Our aim is also to help bring the Internal Market to fruition in this area. In
fact, a former European Commissioner and Member of this Parliament, the current Greek Minister for the Merchant Navy, Christos Papoutzis, has highlighted the irresponsibility of the Turkish government
in allowing a situation such as this to come about. I should like to discuss the three factors which I think are at the root of the crisis in Europe today. The EU needs to adopt a common, clear and effective
approach so as to minimise the effects of the crisis as much as possible in terms of its intensity and duration. Women must be given: the choice to marry or not; the choice to have children or not, to have
a career, to have further education or not, to stay at home, to go out into the workplace, to start a business or to have access to property. Unfortunately, we all need to realise this, even we who are
responsible for policy-making and come into daily contact with reality, because it is something which offends our democracy and brings the effectiveness of our policies into question. We would like to do
it with them, but they are not our only partner - particularly when it comes to climate change. I believe that, above all, it will also be necessary to verify in practice how that new system will function,
in order to make any necessary adjustments. This will release civil protection resources and capabilities for operations on a European scale. on behalf of the ECR Group. - Mr President, the European Council
took important decisions about the future management of crises, but I agree with President Barroso that the underlying problems remain: the need to return to fiscal discipline and the reluctance by some
Member States to pursue seriously economic reform. For NOx, the Environment Committee has asked for the alert threshold which is used by France. That said, for the first time probably ever, I am going to
commend a Commissioner. We should like the European Commission to drive forward the reform of this fund, to tell us what actions it plans to take, and to clearly set out the possible alternatives that it
is considering in order to help unblock this matter. It is an exceedingly difficult task, particularly as regards ensuring the security of the culture of a multilingual Europe. (EL) Madam President, we consider
Mrs Lambert's report to be positive from a technical viewpoint, as it makes progress in the area of social security coordination. To explain to you the whole foreign policy of the European Union in the
fifty minutes that you have given me would be an almost impossible task. I want to make an urgent appeal to the Commission. If we are to achieve the economic and social cohesion to which we aspire we need
not just a high level of employment, but also a high level of social protection. Mr President, now that the euphoria over European Monetary Union has died down, it is only right to turn again to common
foreign policy, aspects of which are certainly no more encouraging. Consequently, it is absolutely essential that we introduce tough economic measures to set us on the right track. This is the challenge
that we now face. However, as in many other areas, the reason that contracts have been awarded to countries like Korea is surely because of the conditions that apply: for example workers in such countries
get very low wages, working conditions and safety measures are very poor and unsatisfactory, because the health and safety of workers is not a priority. Cologne is also where the first common strategy under
the Amsterdam Treaty is due to be adopted. I know people in their 80s and 90s who have lived through two world wars and are still completely independent. First of all I should like to congratulate those
Members, and in particular Mr Nassauer, Chairman of the Delegation for relations with the Member States of ASEAN, south-east Asia and the Republic of Korea, as well as Mr Corbett and all the other Members,
including Mrs McKenna, who have played a part in the drafting of this text, because it is an extremely good text, a text which does not moralise, but which highlights a certain number of violations of
fundamental rights, a series of very specific cases: the case of the Venerable Thich Huyen Quang, Patriarch of the Unified Buddhist Church of Vietnam, of Thich Quang Do, the second in command of that church,
of Father Li, of Mr Nguyen Dan Que, of Colonel Pham Que Duong and other very specific cases of dissidents who are victims because of their ideas and their convictions. Our studies have, unfortunately, shown
that amateur sport has also been affected by the phenomenon. I would like to inform you that a group of Dutch members of parliament invited by one of our Members are now in the official gallery, and at
this point I would like to convey our greetings to our colleagues from the Dutch parliament. I am sure that I speak for many when I say that I continue, even once June is past, to count on your commitment
and your conviction. There is still a lot we could do to encourage young people in Europe to go into entrepreneurship. The Commission is not drawing up any proposal in this respect, on the pretext that neither
Japan nor the United States are imposing such an embargo, but they are not exactly setting a good example! As Montesquieu said a few centuries ago, ‘If it is not necessary to make a law, then it is necessary
to refrain from making a law’. The present emphasis on achieving growth at the expense of social inclusion, of working conditions and of environmental protection will not in any way lead us in the direction
of greater gender equality. Their only motive was to denounce cloning - including therapeutic cloning - and to demand that the EU cut off all funding for this research. We all know this. May I appeal to the
rapporteur to put that right in verbal amendments tomorrow when we vote because otherwise the Americans might think that it is some form of new-style cohabitation between Democrats on the one side of the
House of Representatives and the Congress and Republicans on the other side. You will also be aware that we have received a letter from the Prime Minister of Belgium, the current President of the Council,
addressed to the President of the European Parliament, telling us that the representatives of the next four six-month Presidencies have confirmed that they wish to undertake the procedure for developing
future financial perspectives in accordance with the provisions of the Treaty. It is an established fact that an ever increasing proportion of the pro capita consumption of fish is in the form of processed
products. We know that, previously in Italy, aid was also granted for some housing damaged by earthquakes. I say this because the representative of the Council and the Spanish Presidency said that, in fact,
the Americans still have not done everything they promised. According to the proposal, each Member State is responsible for implementation at a national level. I would be most obliged if you could tell me
if you condone this approach by the Council, whereby a simplified codecision procedure can only be approved if Parliament does not exercise its right to amend the text presented by the Commission to the
Council, in which case we must conclude that, if we exercise that right we are, to all intents and purposes, out of the codecision procedure! Everyone talks about it, and everyone is convinced that it must
happen, but when it comes to actually implementing it the picture is not so rosy. A new article in the Treaty provides for a possible increase in the powers of the European Court in this sense. The report
also emphasises the need to extend the scope of universal service, particularly to include broadband; it is very positive that the French Presidency has made this issue one of its priorities. Tens of thousands
of fatal industrial accidents occur every year; they are no exception on the Chinese shop floor. National powers should have a role in investigating any restriction that service providers impose. Mr President,
I too should like to welcome the Swedish Presidency and its programme which contains many good priorities. Where in this situation are the mighty of this world? As to the issue we are debating here, I will
briefly state that shipyard aid has come to the end of the road. The second is that the bank' s environmental work has, as I see it, been extremely poor. According to the Council, the President of the Council
is in the best position as it is the Council that must ensure that economic policies are coordinated. Finally, let me reassure my Spanish colleagues that the people of Almadén will have my full support
for their just demands, which, in my view, can be achieved fully through the compromise package and not in opposition to it. It is becoming urgently necessary that Parliament receives full participation
rights here and that we do not just have the appropriate funds at our disposal. (FI) Mr President, a lot has been said here about young people, which is only right. We must therefore understand properly
what the question is here, and in the Commission, we thought quite early on - President Barroso has expressed his feeling on this subject, as has Olli Rehn - that transparency would have great benefits. I
therefore do not think you are renouncing your principles when you support the Presidency, any more than I am renouncing mine when I value the support of the Socialist Group in the European Parliament. As
well as the instruments, the time element also plays a vital part in compliance with the limit values; even if more stringent limit values for private motor vehicles are laid down immediately, it will
take some time for the number of environmentally-friendly motor vehicles on European roads to increase. Goods and cargo have been delayed or not transported at all and businesses, both large and small,
have been affected. The development opportunities of the new countries, accelerated economic growth in old Europe, and ultimately emancipation in international relations are just some examples of the success
of integration. We do not want to give with one hand and take away with the other. For us in this House, however, it is especially important to find out how the introduction of Basel II will impact on our
small- and medium-sized businesses in particular and which tasks still have to be addressed by the finance ministers and others in order to ensure the successful introduction of Basel II. This distinguishes
it from the other candidate countries. Mrs Wulf-Mathies, do not deny what you really feel, but say that you too are against this foolishness, even if you are representing the Commission! Parliament does
not have the right to initiate legislation - the only case in the world, I believe. We have 6 minutes left before voting begins. Importing organic products from the opposite ends of the earth is not only
inconsistent with various environmental objectives but is also one of the causes of increased traffic volumes and a perennial indictment of the Union's misguided support policy. What you proposed concerning
land borders is worth examining with a view to its being applied to the maritime sphere, not in an identical, but in an adapted, form. Mr President, I should like to thank Mr Prodi for saying so early in
his introductory address that he is going to devote a great deal of thought to the issue of transparency and openness. It is important to understand that this was my strategy. I do not know what the Council
has in mind, but I would like to know, Madam Vice-President, what the Commission intends to propose at the Zagreb Summit, at Zagreb II that is, about what should happen in the Balkan region. Dennis Halliday,
who resigned from his position as director of the UN humanitarian mission in Iraq in protest at the sanctions, confirms the UNICEF statistics - five to six thousand children die every month as a direct
result of the sanctions. Is such lack of transparency necessary, useful or, taken to its extreme, even in line with the principles of justice that one associates with an advanced democratic community? We
are debating the Commission’s proposal to update Regulation (EEC) No 1408/71 with regard to specific benefits and non-contributory payments. Therefore, I also agree that transnational sites should be held
in particular consideration, in virtue of their symbolic importance. I rise because, although the Council position has not altered, the Romanian Government has put in a great deal of work, and I want to
commend to the Council the report that came out just a few days ago from the independent group for international adoption analysis, which the Prime Minister commissioned. As that sort of logic only seems
in practice to lead to an increase in the number of landfill sites, it has already shown its weakness. I was elected on a manifesto commitment to fight fraud and maladminstration and it is very difficult
to explain to my voters, the good people of Louth and Horncastle or of Derbyshire, why for ten years the accounts have not been signed off by the European Court of Auditors. In Ireland we have the incitement
to hatred act, which is a legislative device giving the State power to prosecute those who seek to promote naked hatred in society as well as enshrining freedom of expression as a fundamental right in
our constitution. We should just ensure that the links that are to be built should, as far as possible, pass through EU territory. This is of strategic importance in a crisis such as the one we are going
through. Parliament calls on the Commission to put forward a proposal for the implementation of a definitive support regime for the sector before 1 June 2002. I would like to stress that the Commission's
initiative in this field relates to 1996 and 1997. That said, we should of course cooperate with both of the latter on this issue. The President of the Commission is speaking. The MONUC reinforcements that
we have been requesting for over a year now are only just starting to arrive. As the Commission has said, the consequences of Mitch will considerably reduce the results of the efforts towards economic recovery
and investment made there during the last decade by the European Union. We also must oppose the reference to planks forming the scaffold deck as this implies that scaffolding systems that use prefabricated
boards are not covered. And just as, in the previous debate, I criticised the fact that the Israeli Prime Minister, Mr Sharon, did not receive the High Representative when he visited the Middle East, I
also believe we must ask the next President?in-Office of the Council, the Italian Prime Minister, when he goes to the Middle East, not just to visit Israel, but also the Palestinian Authority. It also says
that this could not be otherwise because, among other things, the majority of the Member States of the European Union accounts for the majority of the members of ???? which, however, is ruled and guided
by the USA. During the first year of my term in office, I promoted the Road to Inclusion to mobilise the Portuguese people and alert them to the urgent need to address the indicators of persistent poverty,
unequal distribution of income and exclusion that still affect thousands of citizens. I voted in favour of this resolution for visa exemption so that Bosnia and Herzegovina and Albania could benefit from
this as quickly as possible. To solve these things, we need good statistics, good data. The Commission is beginning to show the way forward, but if we are serious about it we are going to have to put the
money behind our political intentions. The proposal is for a single programme with eight sub-programmes. I believe it is unfair on the part of the Slovenian Prime Minister to announce that he would not rule
out vetoing Croatia's accession to the EU because of the border issue between the two countries. Moreover, the result is a black day for the Parliament, because through it, what the majority of the Parliament
has decided, the Parliament becomes an authority and the Members officials. It is not an amendment which only concerns accounting. Too often, when it is mentioned, the need for concentration is highlighted. This
holds good for both the citizens of the applicant countries and those of the present Member States. We believe that the agreement allows WTO members sufficient scope to put in place an intellectual property
regime that is able to meet their concerns in terms of public health. The IGC will only fail if the inflexibility of certain so-called ‘big guns’ makes them ‘small’, makes them want to overturn equilibriums
that are essential to the unselfish quest for European integration. In order to achieve this, we need properly informed and enlightened citizens and reliable Community policies. The report marks an important
step in the context of the ongoing review of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (MiFID). Therefore, we understand that the solution that may be presented is not in proportion to the seriousness
of the irregularities that the CLONG administration may have committed, and that if a way out of the current situation is not found the NGO Liaison Committee may close. Of these the Commission can accept
a further 34 - either totally or in part. During this period there has been no basic legal act geared to financing such action, nor a formal description of activities eligible for funding, with the sole
exception of the references contained in Article 129a, introduced into the EC Treaty in 1992. Development policies will not yield results unless this process at least slows down. The offensiveness of this
claim does not deserve a response, but the slur on my good name that it represents forces me to protest. This year, 8 March also coincides with the tenth anniversary of the Beijing conference and the adoption
of the platform on a strategy to combat these problems. In an ocean of instability, however, of never-ending wars and conflicts, such as in the long-suffering Angola, one regional power could guarantee
a degree of order and peace in southern Africa - the Republic of South Africa. Let us salute the pioneers who have been involved in this along the way, as you yourself have recently, Mr President, as well
as my friend, Chancellor Helmut Schmidt and his Secretary of State, Manfred Lahnstein; Finally, I should like to say emphatically that the European Parliament - even if the 'elderly persons' intergroup
deals with this matter - must take the initiative and conduct a debate on the increase in lifespan and its human and economic consequences. That does not mean taking appropriations from the poor in one
part of the world and giving them to the poor in another part of the world. She managed to speak within about two hours of becoming a Member. This morning, Mr Boris Trajkovski, the President of the Republic
of Macedonia, was killed in an air crash. - (FR) Mr President, several thousand years ago, David confronted Goliath in order to find out whether the land was destined for the Moabites, the Philistines or
the Hebrews. One can make wonderful statements in the European Parliament, but actually doing it in situ is a mark of greater courage. If it loses more time it will once again also lose its credibility. However,
the group acknowledges the Commission's sound proposals and endorses the conclusions drawn by the rapporteur, Mrs Lynn, in her report. The government has recognised the "accidental" killing of six children
in Puerto Rico on 15 August. We must be frank in sharing this and try to engage in constructive consultation. The genetic engineering lobby has clearly succeeded in promoting a positive attitude to genetically
modified protein imports, which has made its way into the report through amendments that were unfortunately adopted by the majority in plenary. Given the magnitude of these acts, I believe that they are
acts of war. The CCCTB is the backdoor to tax harmonisation. Mr Berlusconi spoke in the same vein here in Parliament on 2 July this year; this commitment is founded on concerns that we all share, as reflected
in the report and resolution on human rights in the world, adopted by the European Parliament on 4 September. I would not claim that we have succeeded yet, but we are at any rate on the right track. How
to arrange the debates and which urgencies to remove can be proposed at the beginning of the afternoon. As the elected representatives of the citizens primarily affected by all these stakes, which are crucial,
this Parliament must play an essential role in this area. It is like a minefield sometimes; we take hits occasionally and we develop our awareness. What I do not see are common rules for European farmers
competing in a single internal market. We need stringent controls and inspections. It was one of the greatest speeches ever made here in this House. I am especially pleased that the rapporteur, Mr Brok, has
stressed that the involvement of the European Parliament should not be limited to a discussion after the event. I trust that everyone had an enjoyable holiday, and I hope your work in this final year of
our term will meet with success. Lastly, we find ourselves in a very strange position. Among other things, doping and trade in youngsters are on the increase. I want to raise four points in relation to the
proposals that we have heard this morning. Finally, I wish to mention Portugal, in order to ask the Commissioner to explain the unfairness of maintaining this particular ban on exports in an area in which
there has been a significant reduction in cases, whilst in other countries, they are continually increasing. With every human tragedy, during a desperate do-nothing decade, Liberals and Democrats have asked
one simple question: how many people must perish before governments see that lifting the drawbridge of Fortress Europe serves nobody's interests? One of the difficulties we have faced over the last number
of years with this regulation has been its complexity, not just for the individual who wishes to benefit from it, but also for the authorities that are forced to interpret it. I was astonished to hear Mrs
Breyer speaking again and asking questions. We fulfil the obligations arising from our agreements, Community legislation and the principle of subsidiarity, accurately and exactly as necessary; no more,
no less. Mr President, if the general feeling is that the final networks should also be privatised, I will not argue against it. This Charter represents a social step backwards as regards democracy and freedoms,
falling short of the terms of the Treaties currently in force. In addition, the ability to grant special rights to enable the development, for example, of new or dedicated infrastructure is already clearly
provided for in Article 27 of the existing proposal. That is indeed distortion of the internal market. We cannot, however, ignore the fact that, just a few kilometres from the European Union, we have 150&#160;000
Sahrawis who are suffering because we are not sufficiently generous and because, by no longer sending flour or by reducing the quotas of food that we were sending, we are contributing to the deterioration
of the living conditions in the refugee camps, which are quite difficult enough in themselves. The main findings of the report are contained in the recommendations which should improve the system for managing
expenditure of European funds: improving control systems at various levels - first, second and third - and the links between them, which is a particular obligation of the Member States; and simplification
of procedures to make them easier to control, and also easier to implement risk-free. To say that is to state a sober fact and is no denial of the need to support the ecological rural economy. &#160;&#160;
– Mr President, I wish to refer to the report by Mr Marques, whom I warmly congratulate on the work he has done. A legal basis at European level for compiling comparable data which give a true picture of
continuing vocational training must be seen as an essential element both from the point of view of coordination and of what is referred to as effectiveness. Many questions were asked about the impact of
the new rules; it is far too early, however, to draw a final conclusion, especially because, as Parliament will recall, the centrepiece of this structural change will only enter into force on 1&#160;October
2005, when the location clause for dealers is abolished. (DE) Madam President, Commissioner, it is an open secret that in some of the new EU Member States the forces behind organised crime are on the best
possible terms with the highest political circles. The coalblack gloom is intensified by the fact that Parliament wants the rules on aid to be extended all the way to 2018. I fear that there are many indications,
especially in the world media, to the effect that we are preparing for a new frontline, for a new armed conflict. By reducing the duration of the programme from five to three years, financing for it has
effectively been cut. &#160;&#160; The next item is the debate on six motions for resolutions on Iraq: Assyrian community, situation in prisons in Iraq(1). Only where clear-cut, cross-border issues arise
can European legislation offer added value. This proposal is continuing to meet with resistance in a number of Member States. This is a very sensitive marine environment that is exposed to various kinds
of environmental impact. I would like to thank you, Mr President, Commissioner, and the hope that all these innovative proposals will not only be adopted by Parliament but also taken into consideration
by the Council and the Commission. (NL) Mr President, Mr Leterme, ladies and gentlemen, the circumstances surrounding the launch of the Presidency are not ideal but, at the same time, they represent an
opportunity to focus on the real task of a Presidency under the new institutional rules. Some even want to change direction, while Milosevic sits there looking on and laughing at our antics. I unreservedly
condemn Amendment No 22, because I am of the view that there is no legal basis for it. The rapporteur is pleased with the substantial agreement on the fundamental principles contained in the report, namely
that the Community is competent to establish a common methodology for calculating transport costs; that external costs should be included in such evaluations; that revenue should be directed to reducing
environmental damage and encouraging modal shift to less polluting transport alternatives; that implementation should be governed by subsidiarity; that the users and polluters pay in proportion to use;
and that exemptions should be made for the less mobile members of society and those living in rural areas. It improves the quality of financial information and it provides certainty to all market participants. We
should not make the same mistake again. I replied to my friend, 'I think you are being unfair. The Group of the Party of European Socialists and the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens' Rights take the
line that we should vote for the text as it stands without any amendments, and they do this for two main reasons. At least it seems so to me since I think that books exist to be read, or certainly that
was the conclusion I reached when I studied English literature at university. However, Parliament should certainly also 'look nearer home' . The conciliation process that takes place in November each year
is a real conciliation. Protecting citizens is not necessary when they are the protagonists of their own economic growth and their own well-being. The fourth type of amendments emphasize the interest of
national plans. It is not that common - particularly in our home country Sweden - to emphasise this link between the EU and NATO. As one conflict ends another begins, as the half a million returnees expected
in Timor by December this year go to demonstrate. Customs duties are not being imposed whereas the United States applies 376 % customs duties to imported garlic. I would like to stress that the procedure
of granting the Council discharge also shows the way in which Parliament finds out about new areas of the Council's work, and that Parliament does not want to be excluded from monitoring and supervising
the Council's spending in any area of its activity. We cannot separate EU solutions from this system, but instead must ensure that we get as many global solutions in place as possible. Moreover, if amendments
such as that proposed by Mr Gil-Robles go through, the question remains: has he asked for respect for the laws of the Member State in which those parties operate? What does worry me, and I am sure it concerns
you too, is the situation that has been created since the elections when something happened that everyone, including yourself, believed to be the greatest risk: that the losers might not accept the result
of the elections, since it is presumed that the winners always accept the result because they have won. in writing. - I welcome this report because it strengthens existing legislation and yet again attempts
to improve road safety, especially in the area of cyclists' and pedestrians' safety. I can say, sadly, that this is not surprising because the Stability and Growth Pact has been criticised wrongly by some
since the very beginning. I call on Parliament and the Council to once again consider together how we might organise this period and I fail to understand why this has not been more the case already. Europe's
dependency on energy increases proportionally with the increase in its population. Allow me also, on behalf of this Parliament, to offer our best wishes, not only for the festive period but also for the
coming year, and to say that we hope that we will continue to work together. Success will only be achieved in the long term by finding points which unite rather than separate us and by endeavouring to reach
a mutual understanding and to integrate Africa into the international community of nations. Mr Takkula has asked permission to ask a question. I would like to thank the rapporteur, Mr Böge, for endorsing
the results of the conciliation. They are not there for the purpose of exchanging civilities. For the Commission, Bulgarian legislation seems to comply with these requirements. Please do not send us down
that road again. There has to be a better way. Much as I agree with this resolution’s conclusion that what we are dealing with here is a violation of the rule of law and that this facility must be closed,
there are a number of areas in which the arguments and justifications are no longer up to date. We do not think that in providing for the free movement of persons within the European Union we would automatically
be introducing same-sex marriages throughout Europe, but if same-sex marriages are recognised in one country, when the same-sex couple moves to another country, its rights in terms of free movement - not
in terms of all family rights - should be recognised. The population of Pärnu, from babies to the very elderly, is 40&#160;000. I have taken a particular interest in this report as it covers an issue that
directly affects many of my constituents. This aspect therefore warrants a great deal of attention. So there is the serious question of disincentives. It seemed to me important to preserve what we already
have and therefore to maintain high standards of qualification, especially for doctors, in a ‘European’ spirit that respects personalised values. Three depth zones appear to be recognised here: up to 400
metres, 400 to 1 000 metres and deeper than 1 000 metres. For Germany, in particular, it was especially important that the association of specialists should be included. in writing. - (PL) Balkan women have
suffered a great deal in recent years. Since 1990, emissions from the European transport industry have increased by over 30%. Let us put it to work to put our people to work. The distribution of the portfolios
is not a competence of the Heads of State or Government, but a competence of the President of the Commission, and I will certainly use that competence in the manner that I consider most appropriate. Is
the recent decision giving the go-ahead to the MOX plant at Sellafield not unacceptable? This is something we have borne in mind. In 1995, the European Union had prepared an agreement on trade and commercial
cooperation based on the agreement which had existed since 1989 between the USSR and the European Economic Community and furthermore the victory of Lukashenko had given rise to a degree of hope. Therefore,
we must develop our cohesion policy in order to reduce the existing economic and social disparities between Member States. On the other hand, the Commission will be aware that it has now raised high expectations
and that it is obliged to put into practice its good intentions and to produce results. Nevertheless, if we are to improve efficiency and coherence in this area we need to coordinate our efforts more effectively
at EU-27 level. Together with other Conservatives, I shall support the compromise, not because it is what we are looking for but because it is a step in the right direction. Not only that; the possible further
consequences such as unemployment, lack of security and emigration are things we all fear. By a large majority, they democratically chose a parliament composed along different lines, a new constitution
and a quite different sort of president. I would rather that it were stipulated that they must do this. That is a commitment under the Stability and Growth Pact, and countries such as Germany have breached
it by running up deficits. They went around various directorates hoping to acquire information on the work of a directorate. I was Parliament's rapporteur on the Railway Safety Directive to which Mr El Khadraoui
has just referred, and I am proud of the work we did back then. Are we moving towards a situation where the entire territory will be divided into zones? Sadly, such a scenario could come about, as it seems
certain countries such as the United&#160;States, Australia and possibly others might not lend their support. That has of course enabled us to influence the budget deliberations in Brussels, and that I
regarded as a very good thing. Above all it must be confirmed that although we can discuss the terms of implementation via the debate on the origin of products, this should not be a roundabout way of influencing
the ongoing negotiations, even of sanctioning Israel. First, we need to re-establish stability by consolidating public finances. I welcome the proverbial Polish plumber and recognise that the new countries
are driving the economic reformist agenda. This is due to the fact that the guidelines on the development, firstly, of quality mammograms and, secondly, of countries with specialist treatment centres -
breast clinics - with specialist nurses, are not easy to consolidate. The Commission should ensure a gender-balanced participation in projects, with a special regard for areas where discrimination against
women is most severe. I shall not insult you by citing the various conventions and treaties that we must observe or by restating our will to anchor the Charter of Fundamental Rights unconditionally in European
consciousness in order to establish the rights and freedoms of these European citizens. In conclusion, as I have already said, it is a good compromise. Member States have been censured because they have
not provided the information that the Commission asked them for and because, of course, they have not complied with this legislation when they should have, and they failed to comply in full in 1993, 1998
and even in 2000. (IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I believe that oil exploration in Europe is an extremely important issue. I thought that such methods belonged to the People's Assembly in China,
but I see that people dare to put forward such proposals even in the Strasbourg and Brussels Parliament. Parliament is calling for only the bare minimum of what would be desirable, taking the budget constraints
of the Member States into account. Mr President, I am speaking in this debate in my capacity as Vice-President of Parliament, responsible for information and communication, and also as co-chairman of the
interinstitutional group on information and communication. Codification is laudable work and absolutely necessary. With the IMF, we are currently talking to find a form for an adequate representation of
the European System of Central Banks at the IMF, which is complicated by the fact that membership of the IMF is restricted to countries, to sovereign governments. As the Council has stated, no precise estimates
of the aid requirements have been presented other than those regarding Kosovo. This is another kind of project that we need in Europe, because the European Union is regarded as a community of values, but
it is also a strong cultural community. This gradual nature must be clearly set out in the closure plan, and the plan must also include a diminishing proportion of that aid during the transition period. We
can accept Amendment No 2 with a minor change. This also applies to asylum and judicial cooperation, for example, as the honourable Member said, in relation to combating terrorism. The specific proposals
in my report are as follows. (IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, this measure concerns the Generalised System of Preferences, in other words reductions on import duties for third countries which take
on certain commitments to international treaties or agreements on sensitive issues such as employment rights and the environment. We can endorse all his conclusions. Let me first of all remind Members of
Parliament of the fact that we are the biggest provider of humanitarian aid in the DRC this year - EUR 35 million in ECHO funded activities and some EUR 10 million from other sources. In that general context,
some sectors of European industry are faced with fierce competition from imports. It has already ceased to be an emerging technology and is an increasingly widespread reality. So we need to have a properly
thought out European strategy to minimise the occurrence of occupational illnesses and the number of deaths and give women maximum protection. As always, in asymmetrical conflicts there is no military solution,
but only a political solution. In my opinion, it is possible to meet this challenge and it will provide us with the opportunity to tackle, together with them, for example, the issue of respect for human
rights - a recurring subject in our relationship with these countries about which there is always a hint of interference in their internal affairs - on fresh, equal ground, which will challenge those societies
- but also our own - where, for example, the issue of migration poses cultural problems and problems of integration and convergence. I therefore agree with the conclusion of a horizontal agreement between
the Community and India. The solidarity shown by the institutions of the Union conveyed an important message. I want to conclude by wishing the Members of the European Parliament, together with the Commissioners,
a constructive debate. A European Union-wide identification system for cattle is long overdue. A more precise definition of traders' information obligations is a key aspect, which would contribute to increasing
the number of market transactions that comply with the law and are fair from a commercial perspective. We will in effect vote twice on the President of the Commission. Indeed, their prospects are not at
all encouraging if we consider that roughly half the Roma population is made up of minors due to the high birth rate and short life expectancy. It is not something that we are about to forget. I wish I could
resign every time we met in order to listen to this lovely music. My other concern relates to parallel production systems and a huge problem in the marketplace if we have enriched cages coming into production
while the current systems remain in production. We have reminded the Chinese time and again that its role as an emerging power and host of the Olympic Games also entails responsibility. Given the Commission's
intention to establish a European Indicator of Language Competence for the five most widely spoken languages, will it say whether it intends to include Latin and Ancient Greek in the programme for the
targeted teaching of European languages, since they constitute the basis of European languages and many words derived from them are used in all European languages whatever their origin? It is disappointing,
as Mrs d'Ancona says, that the time is not yet ripe for policy on drugs in Europe to be properly harmonised, because there is much to be said for that. As I have said, if there were resistance based on
the idea of unnecessary cost then the consequence would be that we would get even less adequate standards than those set down in this draft. I would like to know whether we are going to have a statement
from the Commission today or not. The package consists of three parts. The PPE-DE Group has again tabled various amendments at my initiative. &#160;&#160; Mr President, avian flu, like other viral infections,
can be very dangerous. This Internal Security Act is an arbitrary law. During the Portuguese Presidency, in March 2000, ministers decided on a vast operation to liberalise and privatise public services,
to the detriment of employment, social cohesion, regional planning and the quality of services provided to users. These are the questions we asked you and we are asking them again today. Beyond the intrinsic
merits of the proposals we are voting on, regardless of any particular view of the Cyprus issue, this resolution is important because it reminds us that in our 'Europe' there is still a wall as shameful
as the one we have called the 'wall of shame', even though in Nicosia the wall has been replaced with boarding. We must press not only for peace, followed by elections and the emergence of a stable government,
but for continuing aid and an end to the policies of strategic adjustment which have produced crisis and breakdown in a number of African states. This is the challenge with which we were faced. &#160;&#160;
Mr De Rossa, although this is not strictly speaking a point of order, if Mr Špidla is able to answer this question in 15 seconds, I shall give him the floor. The technical measures should be reviewed on
an annual basis. We need compliance by Saddam Hussein. We should be satisfied with the end result. We cannot afford to hang about over this issue any longer; otherwise all we will be doing is tinkering about
at the edges, as it were. In addition, meat import certificates must confirm that EU standards have been respected in the exporting establishments. Yet this diagnosis does suggest grounds for optimism. The
circumstances under which third-country nationals are permitted to reside and work in an EU Member State are a matter for the state in question, not the EU. Not one single political party in Ireland argued
against enlargement, either on the "no" side or the "yes" side: only one organisation - a non-party organisation which campaigned for "no" - argued against enlargement. I do not believe we can honestly
say that we have done everything we can and that we have thrown Parliament's full weight behind diplomatic initiatives to end what is going on and put pressure on the Sudanese Government to stop what it
is doing. My second remark concerns the procedures. The Commission agrees with the Committee on Regional Policy in its belief that co-operation must not only allow regional and local authorities to assume
greater responsibility for the preparation and implementation of programmes but also step up those measures which tend to promote co-operation among the operators on the ground. We are making things safer. I
would therefore like to make an appeal for simplification. It will hinder the development of much safer new-generation plants. When we are not talking about obligatory expenditure, we are talking about multi-annual
programmes or privileged expenditure or amending budgets. The UK-based Forum of Private Business calculates that the British SMEs are deprived of £20bn at any one moment in the business cycle through late
payments. As I have repeated on a number of occasions, I support any improvement in cooperation between the national prosecution authorities and, naturally, I also support the optimal use of existing databases. (LT)
Madam President, the management of spent fuel and radioactive waste is particularly important, both for the safety of the environment and people and for that of society. This is three thousand too many! Through
the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs, we have asked that the International Monetary Fund consider the burden that the crisis has produced on the public finances of the developing countries in
the report it is to prepare for the forthcoming G20 meeting, and that the Commission issue a communication in which an assessment is made as to how a tax on financial transactions might help to achieve
the Millennium Development Goals, correct the global imbalances and promote sustainable development. My final point concerns the ratio, in respect of which we, as the ELDR Group, adopt a different position. Questions
must be asked concerning how the Commission intends to make Europe a model where environmental issues, sustainable development and development aid are concerned. Mr President, as we speak, there is a live
radio programme about the European Parliament on the British radio station 5 Live - it has been going all morning. We cannot support the attempt to bend the Treaty in this way when there is an adequate
legal basis elsewhere in the Treaty, just because a few other procedural regulations concerning the involvement of the European Parliament are at issue. Clearly, if we fail to provide adequate support for
persons in need, we are likely to exclude them even further, and so make it harder to integrate them into society and bring them onto the labour market. It is for that reason that ‘one size fits all’ answers
are no use. The final version of the draft agenda for the present part-session as drawn up by the Conference of Presidents at its meeting of 7 December 2006 pursuant to Rules 130 and 131 of the Rules of
Procedure has been distributed. I support close collaboration between regional and national authorities and the economic and social players to draw up local strategy plans targeted at making the best possible
use of the primary wealth producing sector and any comparative benefits offered by each region. Visa policies, border control, data and information sharing, and police and judicial cooperation are tools
for ensuring our security and our freedom. I come back again to the question of poverty. As regards the situation of women, the Commission is very much in favour of a coordinated approach with the other
donors in order to create sufficient incentive. Those who work for the United Nations dedicate themselves to human rights and democracy, and so it is only right that the Sakharov Prize should be awarded
to the United Nations. Such a ban would prevent producers in non-EU countries from obtaining market advantages by being able to continue making use of animal experiments. Mr President, as colleagues know,
today across Europe there is popular discontent with regard to Europe's apparent disconnection from ordinary life. But the answer in short is Yes, it can be established that there is a legal base where
this could be undertaken. An important aspect of adult education is its effectiveness and fairness. We have pointed out, for example, that in Palestine an open and rich debate is taking place, which could
bring an end to terrorism. This is very encouraging, even if there is still a long way to go. We don't want to throw out the baby with the bath water! We can see how unemployment has soared in Germany, particularly
in less competitive areas since reunification and the achievement of a single German currency. Madam President, Prime Minister Rasmussen, Commissioner Verheugen, after the Copenhagen Summit there is every
reason to congratulate and thank Denmark, and above all her Prime Minister and the Foreign Minister, Mr Møller, and former Member, Mr Holter, on and for the smooth and steady advance of the Danish presidential
term from start to finish, but mainly on account of their success in the enlargement negotiations that required such precision. If the safety measures are put in place, if confidence can return, then the
consumption can rise again quite dramatically. Whilst there are so many underlying problems, there is relatively little evidence of this in this House, which might be unfortunate. We do not know exactly
the numbers of women who were enslaved but we know that the 'comfort women system' included gang rape, forced abortions, humiliation and sexual violence, resulting in mutilation, death or eventual suicide,
and that it was one of the largest cases of human trafficking in the 20th century, involving not hundreds but thousands of women. The new Member States must have incorporated all Community legislation on
safety at sea into their respective legal systems by 1 May. The people of Europe need, deserve and, according to opinion polls, want a common constitution clearly expressing the EU' s values and objectives
and clarifying the division of power and responsibility both between the institutions and between the institutions and the Member States. We greatly appreciate the compromise that has been reached to allow
for a second decision from the Irish people with regard to the Lisbon Treaty. We also must have stricter rules in order to protect workers, better monitoring and strengthening of the powers of investigation
by the competent authorities in order to be able to carry out regular assessments of nuclear safety, enquiries and inspections. No serious political construction – apart from the creation of a single market
– can dispense with defining the EU’s territorial outline. We have voted today, in plenary, on a motion for a resolution on the work of the ACP-EU Joint Parliamentary Assembly in 2009. But when have military
interventions ever proved to be a solution of any problem to the benefit of the people, which might lead us to think that such an attack can achieve this? I want finally to say that, in its report on employment,
the Commission has made recommendations to the individual countries. rapporteur. - Madam President, I would like to start by sincerely thanking the rapporteurs, the shadow rapporteurs, Commissioner Piebalgs
and Ambassador Reinišová for the excellent cooperation during the first three months of this year. I can still see the dreadful images from the seventies of the earthquake in Italy, and I can understand
the sense of distress prevailing in El Salvador. That is why a range of measures covering numerous sectors is being proposed and I too should like to refer selectively to certain of them, because I think
they deserve comment. Commissioner, I cannot guarantee, but can predict that in all likelihood the result of the vote tomorrow will meet with your satisfaction and that of all concerned parties. Time and
again we are all severely shaken when there are major accidents which are due purely to technical defects. However, I am certain that they will be useful as a valuable source of inspiration and consideration. Officials
and Council ministers would assume most of the power, for without their consent it would not be possible for any laws to be made. Its runways are located above the town centres of Hendaye and Irún, and
the Franco-Spanish Treaty stipulating the number of authorised flights is being flouted. ELDR amendments to the Jové Peres report seek to ensure the long-term future of the 12 mile limit and of relative
stability. But when we need to consider if a region can move from a negative epidemiological status to a better category, an epidemiological inspection of the situation in a region in the form of suitable
sampling in abattoirs using such tests can provide useful pointers in the political and scientific debate as to where there is a need for preventive consumer protection and, basically, where such tests
can be used to help us settle disputes on a proper basis. You are looking to reassure the acceding countries, as well as European opinion. The third is whether pensions are sufficiently up-to-date to cope
with the new situation, characterised by atypical jobs and more and more women in the labour market. The general public is normally only aware of such problems when heavy goods vehicle drivers periodically
paralyse the whole of Europe with long-running strikes which inflict serious damage on the economy as a whole and capture the media limelight. At bottom, this report is a fair one and that is why we shall
vote for it. What is now needed is a policy that allows European companies to develop their competitiveness. Their mainstreaming into the budget means that the Community contribution will no longer be digressive
and that they will become subject to a single method of accounting. Mr Swoboda also mentioned non-proliferation issues. In my report, I expressly call for an EP working party which is authorised by Parliament
to negotiate with the Commission on the same terms as the CoCom. Given that, it is no longer a question of making the players involved aware of their responsibilities - as that is not effective - but of
striking with real binding force where the impact will be felt the most, that is at financial interests. But, even if the debates organized over the last two days have allowed Members to cover quite a wide
range of subjects, from the individual situations of the nominees to their concept of the role of the ECB, including technical questions on the money supply or on the euro/dollar parity, it is still particularly
difficult to judge the 'theoretical' competence of each nominee at a single hearing. That is why I firmly believe that the function of High Representative should be integrated into the Commission, with
a special status tailored to security and defence needs. We are of course aware of who is most often affected by the illness known as tinnitus. After all, if we fail to provide protection, people will lose
the incentive to be creative and produce new works of art. Any changes to definition and use would need to be agreed at international level in order not to cause chaos. However, we must ensure that any amendment
to the classification also requires the prior approval of the Member States. It should be used to explain to consumers the underlying principles, to prevent them from associating changes in price levels
directly with the introduction of the euro – for instance, the introduction of dual pricing, and proper rounding up. Only this will allow us to reduce the prevalence of this disease. Let me take this opportunity,
Madam President and honourable Members, to thank you for the extra EUR 10 million that Parliament approved at the end of 2008 for the European Refugee Fund. The task ahead of us is a great task. Trafficking
in people for purposes of exploitative forced labour has been on the rise in recent years in the EU. We cannot vote on a resolution when the groups say that neither the Council nor the Commission approves
of the idea of creating a monitoring centre for industrial change. In my opinion, we must be very clear and send an unambiguous message to the Turkish authorities about what they can expect from us and
what their corresponding rights are. Some considerable changes have been made, but we need to see yet more concrete signals from the Honduran Government. At these meetings I gained the feeling that young
people are ultimately interested in what we do in the European Parliament, how you can obtain employment in European Union institutions, what jurisdiction the EU has, and what the constitution will mean. Mrs
Tomaszewska, I am terribly sorry that your vote was not counted. We must thank them for playing this important role in moving towards peace, stability and democracy, at a very critical time last year, as
I said, and at a strategically crucial point. Unfortunately, we have seen this on numerous occasions. &#160;&#160; We had planned to dedicate a statement and a minute’s silence to the memory of the Auschwitz-Birkenau
tragedy today and I believe we must go ahead with that. Thanks to the transnational lists, minority groups spread throughout the Member States may find a way of increasing their standing and even of being
represented within the European Parliament. We are talking about people, ladies and gentlemen, not figures. I do not think it is unreasonable that amongst the information that consumers receive is the place
of origin of the production or supply of particular goods. As the deputy chairman of the Malta delegation, however, I have to say that I am extremely surprised that there is no suggestion of including Malta
more closely in the programmes. A major focus of this year's Commission will be the 50th anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. One of the Member States' most important duties is to ensure
the security of their citizens, but without jeopardising fundamental human rights. What is demanded of us is to talk less about transparency and democracy, and do more about them! This is probably the first
time I have heard delegates referred to as soldiers, but we know what role we are playing here. Ladies and gentlemen, I would like to repeat that in principle international adoption gives many children
the opportunity to find a family and a normal life; on the other hand, however, it is a very sensitive area and it falls within the remit of the Member States. The EU-USA agreements will bring added value. The
decisive move will be to cut ICANN free from this American domination, not because it is dangerous per se, but because the management of the Internet is at stake and you must do here what you normally
only talk of, Commissioner, and create openness and transparency. In July of last year – 2005, that is – six European coordinators were appointed to advance the realisation of five priority transport axes
and the introduction of the European Rail Traffic Management System. Therefore, I would ask the Council and the Commission to keep their fingers on the pulse with regard to the human rights situation in
the Middle Kingdom. When we speak of an integrated transport system in transport policy and say that is the only way to achieve sustainable mobility in the long term, that means we consider two types of
integration necessary: quantitative integration of the individual modes of transport beyond national borders, and qualitative integration, namely linking up the transport modes to form a multimodal transport
system. This is also the case for a ten-person company in the south-west of England, located in an economic blackspot with high unemployment. The Commission will be following this closely, and I can assure
you that the situation will be under control. The exclusively Community nature of these matters is explicitly confirmed by rulings from the Court of Justice and the opinions of the legal services. Despite
all the denials, this Constitution is a framework for superstatehood. Note that the French criteria for representativeness always include the patriotism shown during the years of occupation. The European
Union's role in the world concerns the European citizens and therefore their representatives. There are a few problems, however. Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the Council waited five
years before delivering to Parliament its position for second reading stage, and I regard it as having demonstrated a great sense of responsibility in so doing, having waited for the results of the comprehensive
assessment of the risks presented by phthalates, notably by DNP. I also wish to say that I consider it self-evident and very important that Parliament should be fully involved in the work we are now doing
on the European Climate Change Programme and on the proposal concerning emissions trading. The European Council in Barcelona will be the first Council since the euro notes and coins were introduced. The
Confederal Group of the European United Left/Nordic Green Left moved an alternative resolution, which was, unfortunately, not accepted, against the Green Paper on pensions and highlighted the potential
for improving pensions and retirement ages for the benefit of the workers. This is particularly the case with the concepts of discrimination, secularism and the very definition of human life (from conception
to its natural end). During our dual presidency of the EU and WEU, we will make every effort to harness the new momentum of Pörtschach. We believe that independence and impartiality in determining the criteria
are crucially important for the credibility and success of the eco-label, and therefore its effectiveness in practice. The money is largely directed towards developing sustainable economic growth and creating
jobs. Mr President, it is the Commission that has the right of initiative. That led to strong criticism and on 13 August to much needed adjustments to a completely abortive crisis management programme. However,
this is what Parliament has decided and I will have to reconcile myself to this decision. This is what you are striving to achieve, Mr Solana, in close collaboration with Mr Moratinos and many of us welcome
the work that you have undertaken to this end. I would point out here that, insofar as unemployment is largely of structural origin, structural measures are the only way to combat it. Therefore, the recommendations
listed in point 2, i.e. the encouragement of the development and consolidation of democracy and the rule of law as well as respect for human rights and the reduction of inequalities between sectors of
society and within regions, are just as important as the expansion of trade. American arguments at the UN summit on children against safeguards - because they would prevent judicial execution of minors
in Texas - offend the European concept of justice, just as US treatment of Taliban prisoners in the Shibarghan camp in northern Afghanistan seems to us to violate the Geneva Convention. The analyses which
have been presented prove that the Commission itself does not have the know-how in this field, and on more than one occasion, the opinions presented by representatives of the Commission have been contradictory. First
of all, this common eco-label should not replace or get in the way of national eco-labels which are, in fact, at present functioning significantly better than the EU flower symbol when one considers both
the number of labelled products and the extent to which consumers are familiar with the various labels. The Council believes that these objectives can be achieved in such a way that the different practices
and traditions that obtain in national labour markets are respected. The Commission should therefore immediately review that authorization and take measures, jointly with the Member States to see that before
any decision is taken on genetically modified products there should first, and I repeat first, be thorough and independent scientific tests plus a detailed public information campaign on the types of manufacture
and respective composition. On the other hand, however, Bahrain is under extreme threat from Iranian forces. At the same time, workers see the banks being recapitalised, while small and medium-sized businesses
- the drivers of economic growth - are being starved of funds and jobs are being lost. &#160;&#160; Mr President, our duty today is to make a commitment, to speak out against this return to hate, xenophobia
and homophobia. There is also enormous use of pesticides. The EU 2020 strategy is a continuation of this and does not imply any change. The money is actually transferred and, regardless of whether the letter
of the law is observed or not, the countries become the better off. I hope we can work together to strengthen Europe and European industry. From the point of view of the single market, which was to eliminate
all import controls on internal frontiers - hence also health controls - a directive 89/662/CEE reorganized the system: the principal health supervision was no longer incumbent on the importing country,
at its frontiers, but on the country of origin - in this case the United Kingdom for its meat exports. This aid should continue to be provided. A strong, well-funded European Union regional policy which
provides benefits to every region in the EU is a prerequisite for meeting our future objectives. As a Dane, it strikes me as rather pathetic that Denmark is being used as one of the justifications for the
EU's Arctic connections. in writing. - (IT) Non-lucrative activities and not-for-profit organisations are experiencing continual growth in Europe. I am sure the Commission should also look at all the points
made in your motion for a resolution with great interest and attention, but I would prefer to concentrate here on the two main headings of your report. The invitation to the EU/ACP Assembly has, in the
meantime, been withdrawn. The first: whether the Commission is of the opinion that there should be one single definition of social housing in the EU. To a considerable extent that is because of lack of means,
but above all shortage of staff both in Brussels with the Commission and with the establishments abroad. Mr Fischler has also recognised and actively supported this. And a final question: is there anything
else on the waiting list before the end of the year for the 1999 budget? While this is, of course, a very important matter, the European Union itself does not actually take part in such discussions under
the United Nations. Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, at this moment I am unable to withdraw the proposal, as I have no mandate from the Commission to do so. Before I presented my comments I re-read the
Commission proposal, the document of 24&#160;July, and, both personally and on behalf of my group, I find the proposal made by your services to be of a very high quality, because it gives a very positive
diagnosis and clearly explains the impact that we can expect from this proposal. on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group. - (DE) Mr Barroso, if I have understood you correctly, this would mean that fish affected
by the radioactive fallout from Chernobyl and imported from Norway are required to meet more stringent limits than imported radioactive fish caught in the waters around Japan? This includes support programmes
for judges, law enforcement offices, and social workers. So, thank you for the measures. In line with the deadline agreed in the ETS Directive, the Commission will also set out its analysis of the situation
regarding energy intensive industries in the event of carbon leakage. That applies to your many parliamentary questions in recent weeks that we have had to answer, as well as to today's debate, which we
have followed attentively and will evaluate and take into account in our communication that will follow within the next two weeks. I support the proposal to create a Euro-Mediterranean Regional and Local
Assembly along the lines of similar, European, institutions, in order to involve regions and cities further, and a Euro-Mediterranean Economic and Social Committee to involve the social partners and civil
society. They would see that, uniquely, we concentrate power in an unelected executive of 27 appointed Commissioners, who also bizarrely have substantive legislative powers. Mr President, I as an EU citizen
feel greatly affected by the fact that it was possible for this disaster to take place. I am aware that some of my fellow Members are frustrated because it was not possible to incorporate the amendments
they wanted. I cannot repeat enough&#160;–&#160;picking up on what Mr&#160;Antonione said about the inadequate level of research&#160;–&#160;that supremacy in international competition is to be achieved
through innovation, centres of excellence and the development and transmission of information and knowledge. &#160;&#160; Mr President, in your opening remarks you mentioned anniversaries. We are not accusing
the Americans of some kind of protectionism; it is the Americans who constantly accuse us of it, the latest example being UMTS. A year ago, we witnessed in Haiti one of the worst natural catastrophes in
recent history, but this also triggered one of the best displays of solidarity, with people whose resilience in the face of disaster and disorder is a lesson of courage to us all. The MEPs of the Greek
Communist Party voted against the European Commission, which will maintain and intensify the policy of exploitation of the workers, poor farmers and the self-employed. A further reason why the convening
of the Convention is a milestone in European politics is that it will consign the policy of secret diplomacy behind closed doors, of non-transparent decision-making and haggling in marathon night sittings
- as happened most recently at the Nice Summit - to the past, hopefully once and for all! What are the German Presidency's views on this entire matter and when will the mistake of omitting Cyprus from the
document issued by the German embassy in New Delhi be rectified? I welcome the idea that the new assistants' statute should enter into force at the same time as the Members' Statute. The mass rallies in
Madrid demonstrated that people are acutely exasperated with and determined to fight Europe Inc. I have the right, like all European citizens, to vote in accordance with my opinions. I would congratulate
the rapporteur on his work. Let me just say that the negotiations on a Free Trade Agreement between the EU and Colombia and Peru were indeed finalised recently, but the agreement has not yet been formally
initialled. These proposals, however, will begin to replace heartbreak with hope. We also believe that we can hardly hold the owner of an Internet site strictly responsible for all discussions that are held
on a website, including in private conversations in closed rooms. Secondly, I am pleased that the feminisation of the European Union's human rights policy has been enhanced during this term of the French
Presidency with a specific policy in this field of the human rights of women. We wanted double labelling, the common position has given it to us, only it would have been preferable to have the additional
designation on the front of the packaging. As the leaks are small, no oil will be brought up to the surface this coming winter; this will be done in the spring. &#160;&#160; Mr President, sooner or later,
ambiguous politics face punishment from the electorate, and the dubious course steered by the Council and the Commission in their dealings with Turkey is no exception. Mr Parodi's report, following on from
the Topmann and Visser reports, admittedly represents a valuable inventory of technical achievements and future objectives, but takes no account, or insufficient account, of the human and social aspects. It
is a special Community policy, a priority, a well-established policy established in treaties and agreements which can draw on a solid base of legal regulations. Even though, thanks to the dissension of
the opposing side, we shall not win tomorrow, I must ask you to see that we make progress here. It is a limited recommendation, therefore, and I hope that you can see your way to supporting it. In the AUTO-OIL
programme for example, accepted by the Commission a couple of weeks ago, the permissible benzene content in petrol is set at two percent. We hope - and I say this also as chairman of the Delegation to the
EU-Slovak Republic Joint Parliamentary Committee - that the Slovak President and Prime Minister will take note of the recommendations of the joint parliamentary committee and heed their significance for
the process of integration of Slovakia. Will we one day act in the same way with another partner to the east of our borders, Russia? The blame cannot be laid solely on the European Commission, as successive
UK governments have repeatedly sacrificed Scotland’s interests, but the final straw for my party – a pro-European party – was the illogical decision taken this year to include the CFP as one of only a
handful of exclusive competences in the draft Constitution. The legacy of the old state-run economy means that there are great problems concerning property rights, which hinder economic reforms, and there
have been major issues concerning Bosnia's international debts which had to be resolved before the financial institutions could offer assistance. Why should we extend it by one year? But let me make two
points of criticism. We do that all the time, and that is why we look so tired and pale! We are all in the habit of lobbying for moratoria. I also think it important that there is no longer any reference
to a new time limit for liberalisation and that there is, in addition, a formal requirement for a genuine assessment. As we take the principle of subsidiarity seriously, we are of the opinion that Parliament's
Committee on Culture and Education should be abolished. Europe, that means its citizens. B5-0630/2000 by Mr Sylla and Mr Vinci, on behalf of the Confederal Group of the European United Left/Nordic Green
Left, on Uganda; We must ensure that the limited scope that does exist, in terms of both competence and resources, is harnessed to achieve maximum results in terms of cooperation, information exchanges,
identification of best practice, and health education - as has already been done under the various specific programmes and the 1993 framework programme. Achieving social, economic and territorial cohesion
is one of the important objectives of the European project. The future European External Action Service will undoubtedly be able to rely on the fact that the European Union is already today the leading
institution in the fight against the death penalty, but the service will also stand as our best opportunity for fulfilling our potential. Therefore I am also calling for the trans-European networks, in
particular in the area of energy, to be significantly developed and for strategies to be developed for more effective energy efficiency measures, because this is particularly important for our small businesses,
for employment in Europe and for net wages in Europe. As the telecommunications services sector has grown, costs have become an ever more important factor for both households and countries' economies in
general. As far as the debate on the Ludford and Haarder reports is concerned, allow me to make a few technical observations on behalf of my Group. author. - (ES) Mr President, I naturally agree with what
my colleague, Mr Yáñez-Barnuevo, has just said, because ten years after the peace agreements in Guatemala were signed, a country that has aspirations to be a member of the Security Council and with which
an association agreement is being negotiated, has yet to implement the global agreement on human rights. Yesterday in the House of Commons John Hume our colleague tabled a motion supported by many Members
from different parties asking for a new international tribunal to investigate that event. Third, and finally, we need a fund that is included in the broader framework of a strong European cohesion policy. The
goal behind all our actions is therefore an eminently social one; all the rest is only instruments. in writing. - I welcome Mr Van Hecke's follow-up to the Paris Declaration of 2005 on Aid Effectiveness. The
financial contribution of the previous Protocol was EUR 42.8 million per year, making it one of the biggest bilateral fisheries agreements. Of the hundreds of projects, those which stand out most clearly
are the Northern Dimension Environmental Partnership and the Northern Dimension Partnership in Public Health and Social Well-being. We have concerns regarding the powers and independence of regulators and
infrastructure managers in some of these Member States. It cannot be a basic prerequisite. This is a matter on which clarity is of the utmost importance. I wholeheartedly support the rapporteur's position. In
fact, the two amendments are in no way mutually exclusive and can therefore definitely both be voted on. I agree with Mr Clegg as regards the impression one gets that the Commission and the Council have
perhaps been rather too keen in this matter to refer to the Treaty of Amsterdam and hide behind formal requirements. However, let me underline the priority of all priorities. If they had not picked a certain
number of pockets by the evening, their lips were burnt with cigarettes or their lower legs were slashed with razor blades. Mr President, I would like to ask Commissioner Flynn which proposals on the issue
of shifting tax on labour to other sources he considers achievable at the summit in Luxembourg. The European Union deserves fulsome tribute and credit for its long-standing interest in issues of development
related to Africa. As Europeans, with high-tech capabilities and with so much already coordinated, we were, in fact, helpless when it came to dealing with this disaster and finding solutions to it. We will
not have jobs or satisfaction for our citizens. in writing. - British Labour MEPs are pleased to have voted in favour of this resolution, which marks a genuine effort to maintain the progress of the Former
Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia (FYROM) towards EU membership highlighting positive movements in combating corruption and protecting the freedom of media as well as pressing for the further actions necessary
towards the opening of accession negotiations. Finally, the European Union must work together with countries of origin and transit to build capacity for refugee protection in these regions. The last thing
we want to see is loss of public confidence in the European Union and in the food we produce. Member States need more say regarding their own borders, not less. May I remind you, President-in-Office of the
Council, that the employment statement contained in the Amsterdam Treaty was initially quite unpopular. The European framework has been good for Ireland. I would like to express my thanks once more for this
excellent cooperation. So we will come back to that as soon as we have the proposal from the Commission. It makes sense that Amendment 70 should be put to the vote first. Let us not confuse the past and the
future. In conclusion, I would like to express the Commission's thanks for the careful analysis that has gone into this report. The US Noise Act 1990 requires all large Chapter 2 aeroplanes to be taken out
of service by 31 December 1999. Mr Birdal' s reputation as a human rights activist extends well beyond the borders of Turkey. We also refer to protection for vulnerable groups, for vulnerable children exposed
to the dangers of sexual abuse, harassment and bullying. Let us not forget that 10 million people are thought to be involved in cross-border disputes, hence the need for effective methods of communication. Normally
in these kinds of agreements we actually consult with neighbouring countries and neighbouring territories. When the Council compiled its draft budget for administrative expenditure which falls within the
scope of category 5 of the financial perspectives, as already stated, it followed an approach which aims to meet the needs of the institution as far as possible, taking into account their specific features. I
also thank the Members who have complimented to the staff on their hard work on these agreements and the success they are having. Political life was made impossible for the opposition. Since the limits already
lie within the EU and it is a question of amending already existing regulations, we shall not vote against crew members' being given the aid to which they are entitled. It is essential to underline how
vital these policies are, especially for the regions that have benefited from them to date. It appears that in some cases they go even further than those requested by Parliament in its motion for a resolution. Why
should we, when the evidence before us points so strongly to the benefits? As I was saying, all types of production are currently being hit by a price fall and a deep crisis in the markets. Robert McCartney
will never see his children grow. Of course there is room for argument about whether particular exceptional arrangements can be extended for a year or two in the case of small power plants. In Europe we
already have national bans in Belgium, the Netherlands, Luxembourg and Italy; Who must I go to in order to get justice, as we say in Greece? I have to consider it as an option in response to comments I have
heard from several stakeholders and I will look at it, but I am personally not in favour of this instrument. What I ask, in specific terms, is how does the Commission plan to bring Israel and the Palestinian
Authority back to the negotiating table, and ensure that those early feelings of optimism are not entirely wasted? In chronological order they are Denmark, United Kingdom, Sweden and Finland. I welcome also
my own opportunity to make a contribution to this debate. (CS) Ladies and gentlemen, I think that at the summit tomorrow the heads of states should wake up and admit that lowering the European production
of CO2 by 20% and increasing renewable energies to 20% in 12 years' time is a utopian idea. &#160;&#160; I fully subscribe to the Lisbon goals of strengthening employment, economic reform, enhancing competitiveness,
completing the internal market, Social Cohesion and environmental protection as engines of a sustainable growth-orientated economy. Indeed, following disclosure of a reaction, a special contiguous testing
programme for herds adjoining restricted herds is operated. The only crumb of a new macroeconomic approach you offered us is the transEuropean networks. The Council adopted its common position on this in
June and Parliament concluded its second reading on 9 October with the adoption of five amendments. Subject: EU administration in Kosovo The Commission cannot accept the following amendments: Nos&#160;8,
9, 10, 13, 14, 15, 16, 19, 22, 23, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 35, 36, 37, 38 and 40. The rapporteur has generously accepted five of them. (Applause) Unless we do something to tackle this problem,
the problem of drugs is going to continue to be with us. I am very happy to tell you that the Commission is working very hard so that this limit will be passed. The Group agreed a tough action plan, aimed
at stabilizing the security situation in Kosovo, including immediate measures against the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia; a clear list of the steps we expect President Milosevic to take within ten days
to stop the violence and start a meaningful political dialogue; and a commitment to review the situation on 25 March and, if necessary, adopt further measures. Bringing skilled workers into Europe, or what
we might describe as a brain drain, creates even greater problems in their countries of origin, which only serves to further crank up the immigration of unskilled people into Europe. That is why it is also
disappointing that it has been difficult to get the Commission to agree to increasing the budget so that we might appropriate this money, and that is why we, in the Group of the Party of European Socialists,
have naturally endorsed the need to increase the amount to EUR 55 million, and not EUR 50 million. Closed lists are anti-democratic and bad for the civic culture. It is good that we have initiated talks,
but it is frustrating that the talks are not permitted to deal with what is important. For example, the solution adopted by one of the most significant virtual libraries - which, by the way, belongs to
my own university, the University of Alicante - which consists of not including works still protected by copyright, implies a considerable limitation to the development of this type of virtual library. The
report argues for an improved operational framework for volunteers and for the establishment of guidelines for their work. The testing of all animals over 30 months and the removal of specified risk material
should go a long way in restoring consumer confidence. Meanwhile, we should reaffirm the European Union' s full commitment to the peace process and our willingness to honour our historic, economic and also
political responsibilities in the region. Of the other amendments, we can accept Amendment No 14 on the use of additives and Amendments Nos 19 and 20 on the definition of 'gianduja' chocolate. But the fact
that progress has been made, that we are now aware of the risks to human health that BSE presents, is partly thanks to certain research cofinanced by the Community. Mr President-in-Office of the Council,
what I am saying reflects my profound conviction that Laeken is such an important summit precisely because it will be about the future direction of our European Union, about whether we carry on the way
we did at the mini-summit in London, with seven countries taking part, eight countries not taking part, and the European Commission not even present, that is not how we envisage Europe. That interparliamentary
conference in Brussels was an important and productive experience for all concerned. I can inform you, ladies and gentlemen, that a new one is being prepared. Nevertheless, the European Union continues to
attach great importance to this issue and as presidency we shall play an active role in international peace efforts and in particular as a member of the international Quartet comprising the European Union,
Russia, the United States and the United Nations, we will be energetic in pursuing this issue. At the moment, very little. And that will not change after the Treaty of Amsterdam is ratified. This is why my
group is completely convinced that an increase in defence expenditure is unnecessary, completely unfeasible in financial terms and wholly undesirable from a political perspective. The Moluccas form part
of a great State comprising many nationalities and religious groupings. Kofi Annan, the Secretary-General of the United Nations, has at last delivered his trenchant criticism of this behaviour in an interview
in today’s issue of the . Therefore, my question is: What future measures are planned to evaluate the efficiency and quantify the effect of economic assistance? They told me that, on their estimates, 70%
of their research and development costs are absorbed by complying with regulation. We believe that there must be an end to this way of treating the European Parliament and the citizens who elected it, who
continue to be disgracefully humiliated by the Council. Madam President, President-in-Office of the Council, Commissioner, we support, of course, the Commission's proposals, as they mark a very important
step for the three countries in the region just mentioned, which will enjoy a visa-free regime as of 1 January 2010. On the other hand, we had reached the end of a parliamentary procedure, which is very
difficult to cut down when we embark on conciliation. It should be emphasised, however, that this is only part of a greater whole. The Commission is providing urgent measures of limited duration, and mainly
of a social nature, which are welcome. As far as we are concerned, not just 50% of car tax should be based on their CO2 emission, but 100% on the pollution they cause. Looking at the first category, i.e.
the normal charges for card users, regulated at European level as far as payment in euros are concerned: according to Regulation (EC) No 2560/2001 on cross-border payments in euro, when a cross-border
payment in euro is made between two Member States, the charges levied for such payment should be the same as the charges for a corresponding payment in euro within the Member State in which the card was
issued. We have just discussed my own report on cross-border waste shipments. It ought to submit practical proposals to simplify and speed up authorisation procedures for infrastructure projects. Madam President,
ladies and gentlemen, tourist activity is business activity. During the course of this year I want to accelerate these negotiations. As regards the latter issue, the report from Ecofin to the Dublin European
Council will address the new exchange rate mechanism to be put in place on the formation of EMU. We saw photos, pictures of fields, pictures of wounded people. Mr President, as a long-term Belarus watcher,
it is important that the EU remains engaged with Belarus, which is a medium-sized European country and which is becoming increasingly self-isolated and turning itself into a kind of Cuba of Europe. EMU
locks us into dogmatic monetarism, an established policy of the right. The urban communication lacks an overall vision in this respect and it is essential that environmental sustainability is taken on board
as an important part of the urban equation. What happened - as all of you here know - is that there were two suicide attacks in Israel. The result is a significant discrepancy between the policy advocated
by Parliament and implemented by the Commission on the one hand, and the policy put into practice by some Member States, such as Spain under José María Aznar, on the other. I would like to give three examples. Firstly,
I agree with Mr Kirkhope that the Constitution is alive and kicking and we should be happy about it. While the Council of State was in the process of examining the appeal lodged by Mr Jean-Marie Le Pen,
the committee in no way refrained from discussing the consequences of this appeal, nor even from assessing the decision taken. That period started in 1975 with the Helsinki Final Act, and its consequences
were most influential in eastern and central Europe, where the Berlin wall and the communist system collapsed in 1989. If we allow Europe to be watered down as a result of enlargement, we will drown in
our own political quagmire. However, the simple fact that, for the first time in eight years, it was possible to hold parliamentary elections in Chechnya was viewed by the then Presidency as a positive
step, even though, it must be emphasised, there were some serious problems. However, I want to remind you that it was not so long ago, after the clear rejection of the European Constitution in the Netherlands
and France at the time, that the provisions on the use of symbols were very carefully removed and they were no longer to be included in the Treaty of Lisbon because it was realised that the public did
not want them. We know the answer very well. Is there the will to do that? Basically, and restricting my comments solely to the agricultural issues, I was interested to discover that the European Union has
given itself the room to manoeuvre that is needed to reform its common agricultural policy in response to the new expectations of our society, because non-trade considerations were explicitly mentioned
in the final ministerial declaration. The point I wish to make is this: if we had had the conciliation procedure then, so that we could have worked directly with the Commission and the Council, it might
have been much easier to find a solution. Its main function is to once again affirm the neo-liberal dogma codified in the "Stability Pact" signed in Amsterdam in 1997, and to condemn the adjustments suggested
at the Gothenburg summit on automatic stabilisers. Mr Adams asks whether the Czechs took account of the IAEA's inspections and views. The new multicultural Europe needs a policy which ensures that immigrants
and different social groups and minorities are integrated into the social, political and economic life of national societies. We rectify this in the amendments. Cultural aspects in European Community action Why
has no publicity ever been given to that import ban, Commissioner Fischler? I would also like to pay tribute to my colleague, Mr Van Orden, who has been particularly active in this campaign. But we do not
always need to have them in detail in every single programme, as is currently the case, in order actually to comply with the Commissionʼs catchphrase less but better . I would advise you not to ban things,
however, but to introduce alternatives more quickly, and such alternatives exist in theory. In the context of the priorities set for 2003, therefore, new initiatives focus primarily on the policy areas
of internal and foreign affairs. It is tempting to say that the solution lies in increasing repressive measures and, as you see, I am not rejecting the idea of doing so. The major significance and consequences
of the proposal flow from a number of aspects. Perhaps I can repeat one other thing. This was agreed by the Committee on International Trade. The directive's annexes can be amended through the comitology
procedure so that they are made to accord with what the IMO has decided. The vote will take place on Tuesday, 23 November 2010. It refers to an incident where Mr&#160;Bossi actually used physical violence. We
believe that a well-functioning agency will be critical not only in enhancing the control capacity of Member States but also in further committing ourselves to combating illegal fishing. Robert Maxwell
was responsible for stealing millions of pounds of pensioners' funds in my country. I should like to conclude, Mr President, by saying that the power to make checks and apply real sanctions must be properly
implemented in 2013, the European Year of Citizenship. It is, I believe, important that we agree on a Community-wide approach. &#160;&#160; Mr President, Commissioner, Natura&#160;2000 is one of the major
issues that often allow doubts to persist about European construction. Prevention and settlement of conflicts of jurisdiction in criminal proceedings (debate) As the time allocated for this part of Question
Time to the Commission has run out, Questions Nos 49 to 91 will be answered in writing. It is incumbent upon the Commission to give them as much help as possible, particularly through technical assistance. It
is also a very important consideration that the directive will enable us to make better use of natural conditions. It then appeared that there was in fact a way of getting in. There are other immunities
which arise in other circumstances where the immunity a Member enjoys is equivalent to that of a Member of a Member State parliament in their own Member State and in other Member States, an immunity from
prosecution except with the agreement of Parliament. I believe that in the coming six months there will be a good atmosphere for the next gradual and sensible expansion of EU structures. The observation
of these principles also presupposes continuous Estonian-language media work; in other words, that a sufficient number of public servants and translators and interpreters should be hired from new Member
States as soon as possible, in order to ensure a smooth bilateral exchange of information. The People' s Republic of China' s accession to the World Trade Organisation will have repercussions in China itself,
as we have already seen. What is more, there is a need to simplify the flexibility rules so that they do more to facilitate European cooperation in accordance with the wishes of the people of Europe. As
Mr Metten takes Finland as an example of these, I would like to emphasise that the substantially increased role that Nokia and high tech exports have come to play in the economy has diversified the industrial
structure and exports. I am glad to say that a lot of those actions have been adhered to and that we have made a lot of progress in the way that discharge will be carried out in the future. We also found
we were in agreement regarding the need for the new College to abide by the highest standards of public life. Last time I checked, the representatives of the Spanish and Polish Governments had signed up
to the Convention's outcome: now they must respect its work. Next, the European Council calls upon the Council of Ministers 'to adopt the new plan of action for small- and medium-sized enterprises before
1996' . No one will tell us how and when to regulate our markets. Another sector that drives the country’s economy, the tourism industry, is unfortunately also in turmoil. We need to create a European 'Fourth
Age-Climate' strategy, like the 'Climate-Energy' one, that is to say, we must tackle the impact of the climate on the millions of people aged over 80 or 85. I hope that that is what you are going to do,
for you, Commissioner, were the person who said that. Subject: European subsidies on school milk We agree with the Council on this. The memories of all of us are still scarred by the Kurds of Halabja, who
were killed by poison gas. Let me put this on the record. Mr President, my question relates to the Swedish debate and the Swedish Government's proposal for an employment union. However, we do not believe
that the islands should receive special treatment within the framework of future policy on the Structural Funds. Finally, Parliament is empowered to require the Member States to cooperate fairly and squarely
in forwarding all information liable to affect the exercise of the mandate, concerning national electoral legislation or the conferring of a national assignment on an MEP. I would also like to commend the
Finnish Presidency on another of their initiatives which is the attention they are giving to the development of the information society. The second point is the ban on Internet advertising. Earlier this
year, the European Parliament approved a written statement calling on the Commission to draft an action plan on Alzheimer's disease. I am extremely unhappy with the World Trade Talks which threaten the
European Food Policy and I said the same to Commissioner Mandelson at a meeting we had yesterday. I believe that some political parties have already found themselves in a tight corner in December with money
unused, and it was up to whoever had the best idea to spend this money in a rush, to make a few pens, a few tee-shirts; in short, things that were not at all in the immediate interest of the political
party in question. This European instrument will make it possible to grant micro-credits to small enterprises and to people who have lost their jobs and want to set up their own small businesses. in writing.
- (LT) I endorsed this report and discharge in respect of the implementation of the budget of the European Environment Agency for the financial year 2009. Mr President, first of all I should like to congratulate
Mrs Rothe on the excellent job she has done with this report and, what is more, on the spirit of consensus she has demonstrated. The use of this instrument must be avoided, and at all costs must remain
limited to very exceptional circumstances. What we are doing here today is launching what Mrs Lulling did back in 1997, and that is putting a specific emphasis onto something that is out there, that is
natural and that we can do on a daily basis. However, I wish to thank you for the support given by various speakers both to the President-in-Office and to the Commission seeking to make the European Council
in Florence a true success and a turning point so that our Union can continue not only to exist, but also to achieve your ambitions. I would like to ask that all the documents that Hungary has provided
to the Commission be made available for inspection. It should also be noted that the remarks with which he now stands charged were made in a definite political context. In response to soaring demand and
in order to discourage speculation, the Autonomous Government of Valencia adopted a land development law called the (LRAU) in 1994. The directive states that the Member States must be able to strike a balance
between the Community right and copyright. I have to say I have been very impressed by the work of the professional clubs in my own region in the north-west of England in working to combat exclusion, providing
education and providing community leadership. As regards the subjective aspects, the notions of producer and product have been broadened. May I remind you that last year, after more than two years’ intensive
work, we adopted directives to accelerate the opening of both the electricity and the gas markets in Europe. Let us not put ourselves in that position! Likewise church groups, the different religions, the
National Council of Chiefs, that is, representatives of the traditional structures, are quite clearly on the side of the democratically-elected Prime Minister. Mr President, the report of Mrs Podimata is
very well balanced and very well explained, and we should all welcome the four financial means introduced by the report tomorrow. It is a State that is at risk of falling apart and where tensions are running
high. However, we are, of course, talking about the European Regional Development Fund. If what is at stake is improving the competitiveness of European wines, the proposal to support the practice of adding
saccharose and of using musts runs counter to this, because the use of such additives lowers quality and reduces differences, whereas these are, in fact, the best expressions of wine cultivation. Very often,
the suicide bomber is not driven by the hate which characterises his or her recruiter, but by the promise of perpetual happiness after an heroic death, which is politically exploited by the recruiter. I
would like to start by making it clear that I support deeper economic governance in a European social market economy. This extension is necessary because drinks containing cyclamates may easily be served
to small children, owing to the very nature of those drinks. Its value must therefore be exploited, for economic purposes certainly, but it also has a social value which must be exploited for the benefit
of the general public, for example by guaranteeing wide accessibility for all citizens, including the disadvantaged, by bringing broadband services to the most remote areas of our country and thus eliminating
the digital divide which is still a feature of so many parts of Europe, and I am not just thinking of rural areas but also of urban and industrial areas. Your approach in terms of reproductive health differs
from mine. During Council Question Time on 3 July, the Council was tackled and alerted both by Mr Carlos Carnero González and myself about the human rights violations and serious physical torture of members
of the democratic opposition practiced by Teodoro Obiang's regime. We owe it to those who argue that this particular emulsifier is not necessary and desirable to ensure that the case is set out as to why
it is so essential and so desirable. The maintenance of cultural landscapes renders a great service to European society, one for which farmers must be paid subject to the terms and conditions obtaining
here. The ECOFIN Council will continue to follow the situation closely. One of these relates to energy policy and the creation of suitable investment conditions throughout the Mediterranean basin. This is
important because the European Council is anticipated with great excitement in the coming week. The Council of the Baltic Sea States could be the focal point for such cooperation and could participate in
the political process as a responsible partner. Therefore, more than ever, we should attach importance to sound financial management, to accurate forecasting and the rational implementation of a budget. The
tensions that existed at the time have not yet eased entirely, and many Members of this House once again feel that the Council is trying to use the European Parliament in order to work off its own inability
to reach a consensus. Yet you will be confronted with the bill, Commissioner. It is satisfying to see that the Council has adopted the most important recommendations to have been made during the debates. They
are now agreed in calling for an open method of coordination to be applied to pensions in the long-term future. Just last week, the first EU-China Aviation Summit took place. As far as I am aware, although
I am not certain, we need to receive an overall dossier from the Sri Lankan authorities before we can decide whether or not we can grant GSP Plus. On 19 August 2003 the UN Special Representative to Iraq,
Mr Sergio de Mello, died together with UN personnel, Iraqi civilians and workers from other humanitarian aid and bilateral organisations attending a coordination meeting in the UN building at that time,
on that day. I therefore believe we must be extremely careful. I am told that Mr Friedrich’s first reaction was to ask whether MEPs could still employ their relatives if the new rules were adopted! First
of all Mr Stevenson and a number of others have raised the question about the delay in instituting the proceedings that were launched against France on 16 November. There are good sentiments in the report;
there are merits in the analysis of the report. Aviation security charges (debate) The role of the rainforests is crucial to the world's climate. There is a serious concern within the European Union that
not enough is being done to implement new waste management proposals. Parliament will only get into difficulties if, as yesterday, we do not start voting until 12.20 pm. We also know that Parliament agreed
in September 2008 that state aid to public broadcasters should be delivered so that they fulfil their function in a dynamic environment, avoiding the use of public funding for reasons of political or economic
expediency. Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, you have heard the news. We hope that we will have the funds also for those areas that were cut so seriously in December. It also highlighted the weaknesses
and the need for further development. I found those meetings very instructive and constructive, and my government attaches the greatest importance to close cooperation with the elected representatives of
the European citizens. Two days ago, Mr&#160;Naser&#160;Yusuf, the nominee for Minister&#160;of&#160;Internal&#160;Affairs in Mr&#160;Abu&#160;Ala’s new government, refused to swear allegiance to Yasser&#160;Arafat. However,
I must ask whether it is possible to refer in the external policy document under discussion today to the Lisbon Treaty, which occurs on a number of occasions, since the Treaty is not yet in force as the
ratification process has not yet been completed by all the Member States. We are able to do so because our relationship is based on sound foundations. We are fortunate this evening in having with us the
Commissioner who has put in a great deal of effort on this subject - and has just done so again, and I congratulate her - which is a very important one to be considered, especially this evening when we
are discussing human rights. Your rapporteur would prefer to wait for this more general revision. It is an unfortunate fact that human rights alone will not bring about the political solutions that are needed. Now
is the time to do it. Its conclusions define the elements of a global approach, which it is important to put into practice straight away. Some of the practices of industrialised farming have threatened us
all. And these are indeed the purposes served by the MEDA funding programme. We also adopt legal regulations which protect citizens from discrimination on the grounds of religious faith. We cannot, therefore,
support the resolution. The inability of my country's young people to find suitable work has caused a huge wave of youth emigration - in the last few years, 50% of Lithuanian emigrants were aged 20-34. To
Moldova's credit very few elections in the newly independent states had been assessed in such a positive way. I would request a specific answer for each of the above mentioned points. This task, which is
very important and which almost, in my opinion, goes without saying, is the responsibility of the Member States. While I am on this subject, I would like to stress - speaking on the Council's behalf - that
SWIFT cannot be regarded as a financial institution for this working party's purposes and that the Financial Action Task Force framework is therefore not directly applicable, except possibly to certain
specific aspects. The question is whether the Heads of State and Government of the European Union have been doing their homework too. The proposal is part of the Thematic Strategy on the Sustainable Use
of Pesticides. The person who has been unable to act as Head of Government in order to prevent crimes, to arrest the guilty parties and to bring even a minimum level of wealth to Cambodia is called Mr Hun
Sen. According to the current regulation, only cargo ships can be included under certain conditions in the intended system. These are of course, as several others have said, important proposals. For the rest,
we must consider the role of the national parliaments in the European process. Those that I am currently drafting on the lessons to be learnt from the financial crisis are reactive or preventive regulations. Hence,
the aim of this directive is to bring about an overall improvement in the functioning of the internal market by ensuring a high level of supervision and prudential regulation and by protecting depositors,
investors and all beneficiaries. That goes without saying, apart from which this is a legal imperative on all Member States anyway. The following issues should be addressed: equal access to the internal
market and the establishment of a practical aid scheme for the islands; the impact of climate change on the islands, especially the aggravation of existing problems such as drought; easier transport connections
between island and mountainous regions and the mainland. Consequently, despite its general approach, which cannot but be endorsed, I am unable to support a report which contains in it the seed of a new
attack on the concepts of citizenship and republican legitimacy which I hold so dear. No respect should be paid to undemocratic practices in which human rights are abused, particularly the right of freedom
of expression and criticism, the freedom to gather and to obtain information. Wood is a renewable natural resource. These we oppose. That is what we are getting at. At the same time, this freedom comes with
the utmost responsibility for every editorial team to provide the public with correct information. For once, Europe said ‘no’ by rejecting rigged elections and fraud on a huge scale. That is your choice,
not mine. We therefore recommend the House not to adopt this amendment, since it conflicts with our obligations under the WTO Agreement. We should be advocating both sides of the argument, that is to say
both original replacement parts and reproduction parts. Thirdly, the supply of butter has been reduced due to the lower production and empty intervention stocks. We have been working for 14 months and all
we have is confusion. The main problem in the Cuban situation is caused by the US-led blockade and the aggressive US threats against Cuba. on behalf of the IND/DEM Group. - (EL) Mr President, what we have
heard is astonishing, and it comes from none other than the competent Commissioner, who was all too ready to brand as terrorists those claiming to be fighting for freedom. We also have to bear in mind that
we are still negotiating with countries which are sovereign, independent states and we have to respect their internal procedures. We will also continue our battle on principle, on which I believe that we
will be in disagreement. The Commission reports have so far been very positive. I would also support your call for European standardisation, stringent safety standards and a European supervisory authority. The
words 'Tempus fugit' have come to mind. However, I do share the rapporteur' s view that something needs to be done. All these projects are implemented through NGOs, a list of which I have here and can leave
with you. We believe that, when we talk about a protection mechanism, it is obviously preferable to have a perhaps less equipped mechanism but as quickly as possible. We must therefore applaud the Commission
for what it has done in this area. I think that the EU consumer protection regulations will not be of much benefit if they are not properly adopted, implemented and enforced at a national level. In an important
section of the Green Paper, all interested parties are invited to make a firm case for their stance on the need for revision. It is not a control body we need but a forum, and I would gladly give it my
blessing. It does not make a lot of sense that the cross-channel routes quite rightly are caught by this measure but the tunnel is not. But that will not be the case. Since partnership is built on a voluntary
basis, what the Commission has done is to allocate those EUR 4 million that were not used by the partnership with the Member States to other funds. The majority of the EU Member States have already ratified
the Treaty, and Finland will do so before the end of this year. For these reasons I feel therefore, that is not yet opportune for me to vote in favour of this report. It would, in my view, be incorrect -
and the European Union would impose artificial restrictions on itself - if the Commission were to restrict the directive to be proposed to pension schemes which only cover biometric risks and if it were
to exclude other pension provisions which, although they are full pension provisions because they cannot be collected before pensionable age, should nonetheless still be excluded from the directive, according
to a number of delegates. (HU) The greatest Hungarian poet of the 20th century said that 'We must confess the past!' This is not the gunfight at the OK Corral: This is not about being the first to draw. I
also think that we do not always have to concentrate solely on free-trade agreements. We should not only send out this message; we should also start up an information campaign in the countries of Europe,
so that we can capitalise on the attractiveness of this programme, because we really have made all the necessary adjustments. Therefore, I oppose this proposal. But we must also ask ourselves: into which
Treaty? Mr President, this December part-session is an important milestone in establishing an effective and streamlined legislative framework for the Community's external spending. Women and children were
beaten. It is not surprising that five new Member States were forced to challenge this decision in the courts. The methanol content of 50 grams per hectolitre in the old Regulation has been reduced to 10
grams per hectolitre. I will only mention one of them, which would create a special article concerned with questions of language and how these declarations have to be notified. The key issue that needs to
be addressed, however, is that of the RACs' long-term financial viability. The objectives are quite clear: it is about establishing measures to safeguard security of supply and ensure proper functioning
of the internal market – these two elements of the proposal. In the light of this resolution and of the Commission's answer to my Oral Question (H-0515/02 Lastly, it pursues the objective of repeating to
the countries of the Western Balkans that it is their natural destiny to join us soon, but that this implies their cooperating openly, at all times, with the International Criminal Tribunal, in order to
bring war criminals to justice. If there is a dispute, the company will receive a manual translation in its own language. However, it does not go far enough and some of the amendments proposed are a step
backwards and we will reject them. I cannot agree to this, quite apart from the fact that the EU has no powers in this area - subsidiarité oblige! Mr President, I should like to pay tribute to the excellent
work already carried out by the Committee of Inquiry into the Equitable Life affair under the leadership of Ms&#160;McGuinness and the rapporteur, Ms Wallis. Fifthly, the report discusses economic aspects,
including the requisite financial commitment, particularly through lotteries, which has not been ruled out for the various sports here. Furthermore, I am sure you will agree that we need to act immediately
given the numerous complaints that our institutions have received on this issue. In the present announcements this attention is very clearly in evidence in the action programme. We are all waiting for this,
and, as Mrs Larive said, we have been waiting for a long time; at some stage we shall become impatient. (LT) For six years in the European Parliament, I have maintained and continue to maintain that the
European Union will do most good for the citizens of Belarus and the EU, especially those living in neighbouring countries, not by implementing sanctions or restrictions, but by opening the doors as wide
as possible to cooperation among people, in particular the young, and to closer contacts in business, culture, science and other areas. However, this means that we must also muster the necessary resolve
to innovate, and to adapt this model to the challenges of our time. With the same logic in mind, and for the sake of coherence, the report supports the proposal for a voluntary grubbing-up scheme with payment
of a premium, so that those wishing to leave the market can do so with dignity. And that was an anomaly; it was outrageous. Let me recall in more detail the most important elements of these policies, already
in place or under examination in this House: the draft directive guaranteeing 20% renewables in our final energy consumption by 2020; the new rules to expand and strengthen the EU's Emissions Trading System
(ETS), ensuring that we meet our target of a 20% greenhouse gas reduction by 2020 and establishing the ETS as driver for change; the proposal for reducing CO2 emissions from cars and the Fuel Quality Directive
that will oblige oil suppliers to progressively reduce their CO2 and energy consumption in the products they sell; and, most importantly, the Energy Efficiency Action Plan, covering all sectors, at all
levels, from the International Partnership for Energy Efficiency Cooperation to the Covenant of Mayors at the local level, to specific measures such as labelling of consumer goods or requirements for the
energy efficiency of buildings. It is going to create 500 job losses there and the total, with the knock-on effects for subcontractors, will be something like 1 500. The organisational structure has been
updated, a clear division of responsibilities between the contracting parties, flag states and port states has been introduced, a more coherent decision-making process has been created, the system for
contributions to the NAFO budget has been reformed and a mechanism for settling disputes which may arise between contracting parties has been provided. If we add up the number of vetoes used by one country
or another against one category of decision-making or another, I have to say clearly that we end up with the small list of qualified majority voting which can be found in the Amsterdam Treaty. We need food
security, we need food production and we need safe food in Europe. In our view, the rail package and what underlies it are an example of a Europe that we no longer want, a Europe which has given priority
to free competition, very often over any other consideration. According to provisional calculations, it will cost EUR 157 million this year and as much as EUR 1.75 billion over the years to come, and we
are talking in terms of animal premiums. The Union must act as one in the international arena in order to defend its values and promote its social model. This initiative forms part of a broader dialogue
on migration issues between Morocco and the European Union, which also covers issues linked to legal immigration and the socio-economic dimension of migratory pressure. Such instances can only be dealt
with at judicial level if there is provision for the reversal of the burden of proof - for which Portuguese legislation has provided an example - for the possibility of the action being brought by a trade
union and the plaintiff benefitting from any residual doubt, as well as for a number of other factors present in the report in second reading amendments. Mr President, naturally I extend my compliments
for the work on the motion for a resolution but, considering it very carefully, I also have significant doubts, which I hope are not caused by some sort of accumulation in my subconscious. Especially with
a crowded agenda ahead which includes negotiations on the next financial perspectives, talks on Turkish membership and elections in Spain, Britain and Italy. As previous speakers have done, we must hang
on to the fundamental truth that the Agency has performed well and that we can take much satisfaction in that. In pursuing these objectives, it is important to ensure that projects are selected and properly
implemented without any delays. We would also like an assurance that this is not going to be a process done behind closed doors, because consumers and businesses and other interest groups will want to know
how that process is being carried out. That event changed the face of Europe and heralded a process of emancipation for our neighbours in central and eastern Europe which is nearing its conclusion. The Commission
is completely behind the European Parliament's request to be fully involved in the definitive choice of procedure. More certain still is that by the year 2002 the Netherlands may face a fine of 500 000
guilders a day. Over 90 % of the goods and services produced in the EU are in demand within the EU and are sold there; a purely export-based concept of growth is outdated and is no longer tenable. Therefore,
when planning and developing future strategies, greater attention must be given to urban development and rehabilitation of the decaying outlying areas, since this will favour synergy between specific actions
at both local and regional level. Despite all these successes – and I think that this shows that the euro may well be one of the EU’s most successful, if not most successful, project to date – we notice
that many regular consumers do not seem to be in agreement with us. Ladies and gentlemen, based on the strategy set out in the White Paper, the Commission supports all proposals and all processes which
encourage healthy eating habits. It is running and running, but no longer knows where it is running to or how it is going to get there. However, we must remember that neither hedge funds nor private equity
led to the current financial crisis and, instead, at times provided much needed injections of liquidity into the market. In view of the importance of cooperation between the national parliaments of the
Member States and the European Parliament for furthering European integration, as well as the benefits of a common foreign policy, I support this resolution, which clarifies mechanisms for promoting the
sharing of responsibility in the organisation and practice of effective and regular interparliamentary cooperation. But I have the impression that the procedure which is being tried here is not going to
lead anywhere, because I do not see how the Commission, at any point, is going to be able to invoke non-compliance with a Community directive in the past on the part of the State in order to call them
to account. It is an urgent matter and I would therefore request the Commission to make enquiries as to when that report will be presented to the Transport Committee. I actually found that quite difficult
to do, because I am in fact opposed to the setting up of yet more EU agencies. Paragraph 29 calls for coordination or harmonisation of taxes in the European Union, in particular with regard to the business
environment. This turned me into a supporter of Fidel Castro even before he took over state power at the end of 1958. It would be damaging if the spirit of solidarity, which for historical reasons has placed
greater demands on France than on others to the extent that we have the largest contingent, were to be turned by your absence into a climate of post-colonial suspicion. You call for Article 202 to be reformed. You,
and I quote, 'support every paragraph of the Treaty of Lisbon'. The third part of the solution, therefore, is the Arab League. However, I would really like to know why certain environmental measures are
successful in some countries but not others. Parliament should monitor the processes of democratic transition in the Southern Mediterranean countries and, along with the other European institutions, support
this transition as swiftly and peacefully as possible, providing important support through the instruments at its disposal, which are aimed at promoting political, economic and social reforms. I am quite
astonished that this crucial matter has gone unmentioned in this debate. I do not wish to go into detail regarding a procedural and legal issue that rests exclusively with the Member State in question,
but, according to the report before us, the Italian authorities have decided, on the basis of a decision by the Italian Council of State, to nominate a particular politician to the European Parliament
whose credentials are called into question by this report. Subject: The new Acropolis Museum for the Parthenon Marbles That is all well. If this remains a purely European story, time will start to run out. We
all know - we have already been reminded, but I shall repeat it to refresh our memories at the end of the debate - that the most serious and controversial point is that referred to in recital B of the
resolution, which states that at first the United States had just asked for these data to be made available. It seems a long time since I tabled an amendment for a derogation – not from the targets, but
from the timetable – for Ireland, Greece and Portugal and I thank colleagues for their understanding. Our commitment to preparing for and making a success of the meeting in Johannesburg on sustainable development
is consistent with this course. This principle must also be applied in the event that aid is given to a non-Community firm, when it is considered that a cooperation agreement with the firm' s country -
if one does not already exist - might not only better formulate and integrate the Union' s interventions regarding that country, but in this desirable event it could facilitate the implementation of the
above-mentioned sanction. So what needs to happen? Workers and farmers are worried, though, and are right to demand strong social guarantees. We are fed up with the illusion of victory. I would have liked
to agree to the ARE Group's amendments concerning the persecution of homosexuals. (SV) We should like to have seen a tighter timetable for the introduction of Euro 5 and lower limits for nitrogen dioxide
emissions in Euro 6. Thirdly, we could also train the Palestinian people as part of our mission. (FR) Madam President, I think you need to repeat the vote on Amendment 1, because there was the same majority
that voted in favour of Amendment 1. Taking into account the results of the evaluations and the visits carried out by teams of experts, I am completely in favour of full accession to the Schengen area for
these two Member States, even though certain problems are still to be resolved and will require follow-up. on behalf of the PSE Group. - (DE) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, first of all
I would like to congratulate the rapporteur, Mr Turmes, on his good work and his commitment. Some stocks have experienced a dramatic decline. That agreement assumes particular importance in the light of
the present discussion on climate change. Speaking personally, I take the very definite view that a further impact assessment will of course be needed if the legislator does what it is there to do and makes
substantial changes to the Commission proposal. On Tuesday, 15 February 2011, the European Parliament adopted a report which will bring about a long-awaited result, namely, equal rights for passengers in
all branches of transport. One is the lack of interconnection. This would ensure liberalisation of gas supplies from Central Asia through Russian territory. If the Member States did not implement this exemption
for micro-enterprises in a uniform way - which is highly likely - this would lead to a fragmentation of the common market. In the campaign they carried out, the government’s main concern was to give them
every possible guarantee. There are many basic as well as other reasons for asking the Commission to withdraw its proposal. European criminal law should not be created too hastily. Ensuring this takes place
in a different way will depend on financial engineering within the various states, who are not allowing Europe to deal with the matter - because otherwise we would be only too willing to do so. As draftsman
of the opinion of that committee, I should now like to say a few words of interest to the fisheries sector in those regions. Honesty and high-quality transport go together. If the measures the Commission
proposed under the third energy package are accepted, we should see an improvement in gas market prices. I would like to call on the Spanish representative of the Council of Ministers to ensure that they
are opened during the Spanish Presidency. It is a future that empowers people to be full participants in global progress. I feel that this is the only path we can take, the only path which, with due regard
for budgetary rigour, will allow us to continue to do our job properly. This strong position of ours will make it possible to provide better protection for the rights of passengers, especially people with
physical disabilities and restricted mobility. As I said on a previous occasion we should not play God with research. Report (A5-0013/99) by Mrs Pack, on behalf of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human
Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy, on the proposal for a Council Regulation (COM(1999) 312 - C5-0062/1999 - 1999/0132(CNS)) amending Regulation (EC) No 1628/1996 relating to aid for Bosnia and
Herzegovina, Croatia, the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, in particular through the setting-up of the European Agency for Reconstruction The EU must enhance
its role as a proactive actor when it comes to promoting human rights, and so I am pleased that the Council has taken the initiative in incorporating human rights into EU policy. Bulgaria enjoys democratic
stability at domestic level and is remaining resolute despite the crises affecting a number of areas, including the economy. &#160;&#160; – Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, reference has
already been made to the Naiades action programme, and that which we have not yet negotiated today will at last accord inland waterways the attention and support on the part of the European legislator
that are rightfully due to them. in writing. - (PT) Yemen is threatening to become the new Afghanistan: al-Qaeda's favourite training camp and a hotbed for the spread of fundamentalists and terrorists throughout
the Islamic world. I am also proposing a 5% shift in passenger kilometre from individual transport – namely cars – to public transport and cycling. Finally, the Commission cannot approve Amendments Nos 1
and 33 for reasons to do with legal clarity; nor Amendment No 19, which the Commission considers to be unnecessary at this stage. It is absurd to appoint a representative of the Berlusconi government to
the freedom portfolio. Turkey's active foreign policy is a strong potential asset for the European Union, provided it is developed within the framework of Turkey's EU accession process. We Europeans seem
to be saying, 'this is what is going to happen, take it or leave it'. Any claims that these people are returning voluntarily are simply not true. Mr President, Mr Commissioner, Madam Rapporteur, ladies and
gentlemen, , on behalf of my group I would like to pay tribute to Mrs Mosiek-Urbahn's important work. We therefore need appropriate regulations for supplementary schemes, otherwise the collective agreement
we need will simply not be feasible. First, Member States are still, separately from the Community, individual members of the WTO. Thus, it is understandable that a review of the multiannual financial framework
cannot be put off any longer, and additional sources are unavoidable for initiatives that were unforeseeable at the time of the adoption of the present framework. I demand that this Judge Afiuni and all
prisoners in Venezuela are treated with dignity and are afforded a scrupulously fair trial. Mr President, as the Council is present today, I wonder if you would like to ask the President-in-Office to comment
on the observations made by Members. Even now I hope she will soften her attitude, but I fear I will hope in vain. That experience is not to be monopolised, and I therefore support fiercely the EU's continued
enlargement. The Italian Presidency has not yet answered my written questions on the same subject tabled in July 2003 and I am therefore tabling them again for an oral answer. The working conditions in this
House are, as a rule, among them. One of the fundamental mistakes of the 2002 reform was excessive centralisation. That must imply an offer of practical assistance. - (LT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen,
the freedom to provide services is one of the four freedoms of the European Union guaranteed by the EEC Treaty. I will ask the Research Centre to consider what techniques might be used, for example to do
what you say, because that would be a big step forward. (CS) Mr President, the report we are debating today is a symbol of the arrogance and mainstream blindness of Parliament. This should be guaranteed
by law. Finally, ladies and gentlemen, there will also be conferences and events on the subject of water during the term of the Hungarian Presidency, such as the conference on the future of European freshwater
resources, which will be held between 23 and 25 March in Budapest, in conjunction with the informal meeting of ministers for the environment. That is why we have called, in my report, for a response no
later than 1 July 2004 to the outstanding questions contained in our questionnaire. At the moment it is appalling that fines range from EUR 600 to EUR 6 000 for similar offences in different Member States. What
was originally a report on women in Islam has ended up as a convoluted, ambiguous report with no real coherence. Secondly, as a Member of this House, I personally feel angry when we ourselves speak so badly
of our European ideal. An annual increase of over 150 ships is currently being recorded. We are fully aware that many illegal immigrants are victims twice over. We want to keep Parliament fully informed about
our plans, but I am absolutely certain that, having made this extremely important breakthrough, it is now very important to give as much technical help as possible to ensure that it has the results in
China and, therefore, for the rest of the region and the world that all of us hope for and would like to see. This last point is very important. The second reason why abortion may not be a Community policy
concerns the supplementary nature of the policy. In the parliamentary debate too, whenever I hear anyone cite one of the benefits of Turkish membership, it is saddled with far more ifs and buts than are
normally raised in connection with such a momentous decision. In fact, this cruel disease is the second most common cause of death in Europe. We could have done better, particularly by introducing legible
and harmonised front-of-pack nutritional labelling. There are powerful forces at work which wish to turn the European Union into a major power which would protect its interests in the world by force of
arms. Again, I understand. The political challenge in asylum and immigration is striking a balance between the need to safeguard asylum as an individual right and to ensure the proper protection of refugees
and the desire to resist economic migration. A great many proposals on this subject are included in the White Paper on Education and Training. As far as I know from the declaration of the President and the
official statement of the Ukrainian Parliament's long-term policy, membership of the European Union is one of their top priorities. But we also want to give more financial support than previously to those
regions where unemployment is particularly high. But let me repeat what I believe is now coming loud and clear from our regions, municipalities and partners: those on the ground who are using these funds
will continue to need funds, but they need to have the certainty and security that agreement can be achieved in Berlin. draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Women's Rights and Gender Equality. -
(ET) Mr President, Commissioner, colleagues, health is one of the most important resources for every person. &#160;&#160; – Mr&#160;President, in the last two centuries, population growth, the exploitation
of natural resources, and environmental pollution have resulted in a rapidly increasing loss of growth. We presently find ourselves in a situation where industrial pollution accounts for over 80% of emissions
of sulphur dioxide, over 40% of dust and over 30% of nitrogen oxides. For me, however, Member Statesʼ legal jurisdiction over the TV companies, like the rights of the consumers, and - not least - those
of children, are equally important in requiring clarification. We want to contribute from the outset, to opposing a united and self-confident Right with a Left which is rallying together and on the offensive... On
the one hand, there are the Euro-fundamentalists. Premature participation on the part of the new Member States would promote illegal immigration and criminal tourism on a massive scale and should therefore,
I believe, be rejected. The first is that Islamic terrorism is a real threat. In such cases it could be justified to provide limited public financing for the projects from Member State or EU resources. At
the same time, however, I would point out that our main concern in every sector, even when we are trying to introduce competition, is to ensure that universal services are guaranteed where necessary, and
that consideration is also given to social issues. We should be taking a very different road. We therefore need to strike a balance between good technologies and better controls. But also in Article 47, it
is stated that the Treaty on European Union does not prejudice the Treaties establishing the European Communities. And it is therefore an important contribution to the efforts being made by all those -
and there are a great many of them - who have already become actively involved in this battle. It is easy, Mrs Ashton: do this with those who want to do it! The abstention was from the United Kingdom not
from the representative of the government of Italy of which his party was a member. During its course, tens of millions of people met their deaths. The location of Europe dictates its security priorities
and concerns. Will you until 1 May still be the point of contact for any minority representatives in those accession countries who still wish to raise a concern before then? &#160;&#160; Mr President, thank
you, Mrs&#160;Lucas, for a constructive and clear report. Please continue to work on this agenda and introduce the necessary improvements. I am therefore perfectly aware of this problem. The death penalty
is one of the most heinous legalised acts, and I consider it to be unjustifiable by any form of prior action. Mr President, I want to speak on pages 6 and 7 of the Minutes. I believe that what the Conciliation
Committee has arrived at, and which really is closer to the Liberal idea, is what the majority signed up to at second reading. Many amendments by the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats)
and European Democrats were voted down by only small margins, and if they had been adopted we should have ended up with a much watered-down report. Many countries do not even know the extent of their water
resources. He has identified some valid points, certain aspects of which I would like to examine more closely. The important thing now is that we do not limit this intercultural dialogue to 2008, but continue
it in the next few years and beyond. That may be the case, but I believe that we Europeans, who work to ensure that values such as human rights and freedoms - for example, the freedom of the press - are
respected everywhere, must defend this freedom whenever we become aware that it is under threat. All this would help our fellow citizens identify more closely with their representatives. This is a fallacy. The
French Presidency talked about this, and the Czech Presidency should do likewise. It is clear that the petition raises an issue to which the Commission does not yet seem to have provided an answer. However,
we cannot address the issue of Burma on our own. As a parliamentarian, I have to accept what the majority says – that much is abundantly clear – but, while it may well be all the same to you, the Commissioner
for social affairs, that you are thereby further fuelling anti-European sentiment in our countries, it is certainly not a matter of indifference to me! I will also be coming to present this interim report
to the Committee on Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism, on 20 February, as I pledged to do. That is exactly why it is justifiable to insert clauses forbidding transit when there is a risk of any third-country
national suffering inhumane or humiliating treatment, torture or the death penalty, or when his or her life or freedom is threatened on grounds of race, religion, nationality, social group or political
conviction. In many ways, Ireland is ahead of many other countries in its fiscal adjustment. It appears that the possible conflict of interests of which Mrs Kroes and Mrs Fischer-Boel are suspected is not
a problem. We are seeing genuine Community added value today since we have a Community blacklist, each Member State’s list will be distributed amongst all of the other Member States, and the European Union
and the Commission have their degree of autonomy. (DE) Mr President, I am very grateful to the rapporteur Mr Kastler for drafting the report on the European Year for Active Ageing 2012 and making it possible
for us to vote on it today in Parliament. It makes sense to have a coordinated EU policy on combating Aids, under the responsibility of a single Aids ambassador/envoy, and I urge Parliament and the Commission
to move forward with this proposal and add impetus to the effort to put Aids on the top of the EU development agenda. That certainly applies to Mr Slota's verbal radicalism, but it also applies particularly
to the Hungarian Guard. It should no longer tolerate excuses for evasion of its sanctions and those sanctions must be toughened and extended. It is one of the technical difficulties but we are aware of them
and we will have to take them into account in the final agreement that we reach with South Africa. Hopefully, the Council will finally acknowledge its mistake and stop deluding itself, which, as we have
seen, only leads to tougher repression and greater injustice. It is necessary, however, because some countries are fighting a hard, long-fought battle against uncontrollable animal diseases. Of course, the
unemployment rate is too high, but I am very pleased that, compared with six months ago, our growth predictions are much better than anticipated and that growth is more stable than we thought. A final word
on Iraq. As Ritt Bjerregaard made clear before, the present situation is indefensible and completely unacceptable to the Commission. In fact, most of the time, these means belong to NATO. More investments
are made in new initiatives over there, and the decision to set up one' s own business is made more easily. We want to protect them, including Mr&#160;Milinkevich, and we want to send a clear signal that
we are on the side of the population and those people who are exercising their rights. I would like to put it to him that at the moment impact assessments that we receive attached to Commission proposals
in many cases are not thoroughly done, they are not looking at the full implications, they are not necessarily independent. I would add, however, that a major problem arises which should be the subject
of more discussion between us. The problem is that this has taken place without any kind of coordination or cooperation between the Member States. For that reason it is important that the IGC does not take
any step backwards. I think that we should also adopt the same timing in subsequent years. I would like to inform you that Mrs Dury has been appointed Governor of Brussels, with effect from 1 May 1998. I
have already said that pretty wrapping paper is not enough, but that the contents must also be right. Do we think it is normal that a young Turkish person should have to apply for a visa to follow his football
team on a trip to London, whilst his Spanish friend can do so without one? Technology moves quickly and the ageing process is insidious, so we need to take a look at new solutions in the fields of medicine
and pharmaceuticals. The report presented by the Commission today shows that the beginning of a new European era is just a few steps away. In addition, it is important to ensure that the tax levels for different
types of tobacco have a competition-neutral effect. In Bulgaria, for example, overall agricultural production has fallen by more than 50% so that the products of the multinationals of Europe, whose interests
you defend, can be sold. in writing. - First of all, I wish to recall that, although the EU was able to react collectively to the financial and economic crisis by adopting a European Economic Recovery Plan,
the overall economic situation in the EU is still not satisfactory. It was on Spanish cucumbers, where it certainly should not have been, as a faecal bacterium has absolutely no place on a foodstuff. Mr
President, High Representative, ladies and gentlemen, there seems to be positive agreement between Mr Danjean's remarks and what you said in your speech, Baroness Ashton, regarding the analysis of the
situation, which is that the situation in the Sahel is critical. Our main discussion, however, concerned financial development in Russia and opportunities for economic cooperation between Russia and the
European Union. This latter will become a crucial instrument to overcome the still existing barriers for free trade and to realise the Transatlantic free trade market within the next five years. However,
world trade as such should not be distorted. Therefore, there are good free-market prospects for renewable raw materials in Europe. How can you expect Spain to give ground on the cohesion issue? B5-0759/2001
by Andrews, on behalf of the UEN Group, It would have been absurd to punish the poorest of the poor. We are still waiting! On the contrary, the investigative authorities and those responsible for law and
order must be better looked after and reinforced. We are still expecting ambitious objectives in all these fields, not least on Europe's part. In the last six months, it has emerged in Sweden that, despite
an intensive debate, rape victims are treated in an incredibly insulting way. Maybe that also applies to Parliament. &#160;&#160; I fear that we will not have time to carry out that investigation before
the next Italian elections, but we can always do so afterwards, if Parliament considers it appropriate, of course. There was a total of approximately 630 votes for the first part, and only 545 for the second. Commissioner,
you said that you were against a number of amendments. I very much welcome this opportunity to discuss Afghanistan in the week before I go there again and in the run-up to the most challenging goal set
in the Bonn Agreement of 2001 – the free and fair election of a democratic government in Afghanistan. If there is any change to that, this Parliament needs to be notified far in advance of tomorrow. rapporteur.
- Madam President, we have an oral amendment to Amendment 7. Another question that has been repeatedly touched upon is child labour. Just think back to the flight ban that two colleagues and the Commissioner
just mentioned, which was decided in Cardiff in July. I totally agree with Mr Santer that BSE is a public health matter and must be resolved in a responsible manner. I would like to conclude by noting that
the amendments, or at least many of the amendments tabled, should in my opinion be accepted, especially Amendment 2 to Recital 14, the amendments relating to observations on the obvious non-inclusion and
therefore exemption of those Member States which do not as yet have a railway system, and frankly I also intend to support Amendment 45. In September 2003, President Bouteflika set up an ad hoc committee
to look into disappearances. I would, of course, like to know more about funding for this plan as far as Afghanistan is concerned. I would ask what the Council intends to do in order that these Enfopol regulations
come within the scope of parliamentary and democratic control. It is precisely because we support this view of the free market that my group opposes Amendment No 9 to Article 1(2) of this report, tabled
by the ARE Group. Progress has definitely been made in the Member States. With today's votes on energy efficiency, we actually took a step forward. I congratulate the rapporteur and thank her for the good
cooperation. I should mention here in passing that the partnership and cooperation agreement has still not been ratified by every Member State. I can fully guarantee you that, in those countries, the spectre
of union is very easy to conjure up. I felt that a period of one month was too long; This conflict drags on, with its trail of despairingly foreseeable consequences: epidemics raging through the towns, population
movements that frighten neighbouring countries and regional instability that gets more worrying in the course of time. And within each Member State there are regions with different levels of income and,
as far as I know, national Members of Parliament are not paid differently according to the region they come from. We are actually looking for funds to implement programmes decided by the Council or by our
institution in the budgetary procedure. Mrs Bonino, let me ask the Commission: what are we currently doing with the ECU 220m that were blocked? Before the vote I need to inform Parliament about some technical
adjustments. Welfare and social security benefits are vital to reduce the risk of poverty. In my view, it would be advisable to return to sound source material that is politically neutral in nature. In our
view, it is sufficient on its own, which is why we have tabled a motion to reject the directive on access to justice. Firstly, we hope it will complete enlargement. This is very important, because above
all there is a suspicion that the applicable law is being breached. I was pleased to hear that many of you encouraged the Commission to be more ambitious. In addition, strong economic interaction would provide
more opportunities to strengthen the EU's regional integration and would create more possibilities for the EU to contribute to increasing the stability of this strategically important region. I will take
your question as an opportunity to speak to Mrs Hübner and Mr Špidla, ask them what the experience has been and also ask them to continue to support such initiatives when that proves useful. And while I
shall not go further into the substance of the problems, vertical agreements can be both pro-competition and anticompetition - it all depends on the context in which they are made. For far too long the
Member States have hidden their guilt behind the complex mass of Commission officialdom who cannot answer back. That is its proper place. I would also like to use this example to point once again to the
Commission' s understanding of its own role in enlargement. Subject: Preservation of the historic bridge to Monemvassia However, in the previous period, 1991-1996, the real growth among the Fifteen was 1.5
%, one point less each year. It is important that those on lower incomes receive financial support to help them attend training courses, which would, in turn, give them more opportunity to fully integrate
themselves in the labour market. To harmonise the wording between the first and third part of the draft, because we cannot talk of full employment in article 3 and of a high level of employment in part
three. '' [nothing really changes] must not become the slogan of this Intergovernmental Conference. We all know that there are many possible alternative solutions on the table. Both parties must be encouraged
to continue the peace process. Today we are strengthening both the independence and professionalism of our judges and legal professionals, while at the same time reducing the powers of the President. Mr
Fruteau stated just now that the fruits of growth were distributed inequitably. Next we needed to find a sound and undisputed legal basis for adopting the code. In January, the Commission organised seminars
on the key elements of the reform and on rights-based fisheries management, and even today there is a seminar on small-scale fishing. I should like to point out on behalf of the Council that the Member
States of the Union are not unanimously in favour of declaring an immediate moratorium on the use of all types of cluster bombs. In that way we will start to bring capacity into line with global fish stocks. I
would add that the foreign affairs minister, Samuel Santos, expressed his disagreement with the measure in a letter sent to Commissioner Ferrero-Waldner on 12 December. I know that Chilean democrats have
made efforts to change things and that Chilean institutions are trying to overcome the situation but we have to recognise the state of the country as it is. Firstly, I wish to thank all my colleagues in
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy for their cooperation in producing this report. Great care has been taken to establish an independent OLAF. If I had known
that one day I would be reporting to the European Parliament on regulations concerning the maximum speed of tractors, I should certainly not have let the chance slip. Where Abkhazia is concerned, however,
nothing of the sort happened. Firstly, the role of Parliament in the democratic scrutiny of strategic documents relating to financial instruments on external assistance. We need to find a way to bring this
process to an end, although I do believe that discharge was not given here, because if we look at the result of December's vote, it is clear that the points made previously in support of the decision,
the positive decision put forward by the Committee on Budgetary Control, were rejected by the plenary. I therefore agree strongly that Ukraine and the European Union should continue to cooperate closely
in this field. Perhaps we too are not quite so correct? May I ask the President of the Council whether he or his representative would be willing to receive me with a senior delegation from Médécins sans
Frontières, so that we can make clear what specifically could happen in anticipation of the meeting on 14/15 April or possibly other meetings with the Russians. There is no question of an EU tax. Since 2006,
a European regulation has obliged all road hauliers driving in Europe to respect the same maximum daily driving limit and to take rest periods in order to guarantee safety on European roads. (PL) Mr President,
growth in consumption as well as growth of resources for economic growth, healthcare and culture in the coming globalisation process depend to an ever increasing extent on the effectiveness of education,
on activities to promote people's everyday creativity and innovation, on creating better organisational and financial models for the introduction of innovations and on ideas that increase productivity,
improve quality, create jobs, reduce costs and improve competitiveness. Thanks go to everyone who has been involved. And yet that is precisely where this development will lead, which is why I am so delighted
that Mr Sainjon has presented such a clear report. On the content, the essential difference between a recommendation and a legislative text is precisely this codecision. Since I have just been speaking on
the protection of animals and animal welfare, I would like to ask a radical question: is it not the common agricultural policy itself that we need to change? But there is a problem in getting amendments
to people on time. It establishes as priority actions the pursuit and consolidation of reforms guaranteeing democracy, respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms, and the independence and efficiency
of the judiciary and, most important of all, it provides for the creation of a human rights sub-committee where compliance with these commitments will be assessed and monitored. That Europe cannot copy
the United States in financial deregulation. To this end, the Spanish Government proposed making certain changes to Regulation No 1/58. I see this as a rather fruitless line of inquiry. The problem in the
Committee on Regional Policy was solved in the spirit of European cooperation. I should especially like to thank Mrs Gröner, the rapporteur for the programme, as well as the Committee on Culture and Education,
which dealt with matters in a very constructive manner during the procedure. I do not want to go into the technicalities of how this tax is calculated at this point. The third point I would like to stress
is that the single market means the abolition of internal borders, but it also means the strengthening of the external borders of the European Union and I very much fear that such a charting of these borders
does not exist bearing in mind the various problems that arise, at least in the eastern sector. It is clear that this should not be held up as an example of better regulation and, given the extensive agenda
of financial legislation over the coming months, I hope we can avoid a repetition of this inefficient process. The countries themselves are not happy with these aspects either. Without doubt, they are the
smugglers, the drug traffickers, the pimps and other oppressors who take advantage of a European territory that has no internal borders and that is wide open to migratory flows. The Commission would like
the Egyptian authorities to commit themselves as soon as possible to the actions laid down in the project. We will of course investigate if we receive complaints. This parliamentary term has seen us developing
our strategy for gender mainstreaming and finding room for it in the Budget process, but its successes are not as evident as they could be, in that women are still generally not visible in the policy areas
and we still generally do not see them occupying positions of leadership in the institutions. I would like to find out how the High Representative is intending to rectify this situation. This approach was
also confirmed by the Arctic coastal states in the 2008 Ilulissat Declaration. This man was 58 years old. It is with this in mind that we have ensured - and we at the Commission would like to thank the Swedish
Presidency for this - that the decisions taken on the basis of this initiative, 'Everything but arms' , are taken in good time so that this initiative can constitute an achievement of the May conference. This
is why it is right, Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, to send a message to the benches on the left of Parliament: those who go too far in the field of asylum, as in other areas, become the greatest ally
of the forms of extremism they claim to want to combat, for they ultimately stimulate it. First of all, I would like to know if you have read it. But that took no account of what can fairly be called the
European Commission's neurosis - its standardization neurosis. Therefore, we cannot support Article 7 which maintains that a certain percentage of the Members of the European Parliament should be elected
through a single constituency. And I am sure it is no secret either that Mr Van Miert and I myself would certainly have wished to see better coherence. The PSE Group has always supported the Commission'
s humanitarian aid policy. Participation and co-determination are important principles. Fortunately they have not been entirely successful. The Commission intends to continue working in this direction. By
doing this, I will be happy to contribute, in a modest but heartfelt way, to the arrival of the ten new members of the European Union. More than anything else, it is necessary to prove such an orientation
through action and commitment to European democratic standards. Baroness Ashton, I would like to thank you for travelling to Kiev to talk to President Yanukovich. I would also like to mention, however, that
there are still too many states - numbering 66 - that continue to carry out executions, along with some regrettably retrograde trends when it comes to the observance of moratoria. That is handling by the
Office of the High Representative - but where is the EU's strategy? When a similar enquiry was conducted in the Nordic countries, former Minister for Nordic Cooperation Ole Norrback stated that the authorities
did not believe that there was a problem in this area, although citizens thought that there was. We are also developing a catalogue of prevention measures that would be considered by Member States for EU
funding. Mary Robinson obtained limited access. It will also, perhaps, give us the opportunity to put extra funding into the measures which come out of Copenhagen at the end of this year. My group was therefore
unable to support it. I would have liked to see more concrete measures for achieving greater openness and providing Parliament with more information. We have to put it quite plainly: the railways can only
be rescued if all modes of transport are assigned the costs they incur. Once again I would like to thank you for all your comments. The majority will ultimately win, but those who disagree can make this
a better debate, and they should be encouraged to do so and should not be disenfranchised from their position. So it is all the more regrettable that we could not get a report which realistically balances
the need for a solution to the Union's internal social and environmental problems, on the one hand, with the increased demands of competition in the light of industrial globalization on the other hand. But
emergency resuscitation is still possible, and on this point I agree with the comments of my friend, Manuel Marín. (The President asked the speaker to wind up) I have one more minute, Mr President. Much
of what these amendments contain one can certainly live with – but not in this report and not at this juncture. I would like to congratulate and thank her for the work which she carried out so promptly
and smoothly. We have also taken a series of initiatives in this area. In this way it will achieve coherence with the rest of the text which responds to the double challenge of enhanced democracy and greater
efficiency. Between 1948 and 1952, the Israeli Government destroyed 420 Palestinian villages, as documented by Israeli historians. The first is the desire expressed by the Minister for the Interior, Mr Bertrand,
to make 2008 the year when the European social model is relaunched. In any case, as far as the Community is concerned, the decision to issue a formal invitation to accede to the Convention will be adopted
only when it has been duly established that the candidate countries have reached a level of preparation which will enable them to ensure correct application of the transit procedures. Does anyone wish to
speak in favour of this request to postpone the report? This is why I consider it important to develop EU civil capabilities which will be permanently available and take action independently of the military
structures. Fourthly, additional adverse consequences for the economic situation, such as the rapporteur fears, might be brought about by increased expenditure on the armed forces and on internal security,
can be drastically minimised by a sensible policy of development, which would focus on removing such causes of terrorism as poverty, oppression, exploitation and cultural intolerance. I am sorry to have
to say this, Mr Roche, but what you are saying is more of the same and the policy you advocate has led to these problems. The European Commission is a strong supporter of fiscal consolidation as a precondition
for sustainable growth, but we are more than ever conscious of the sensitivity of the economic debate now being discussed as the 'relaunch versus austerity' problem, and this was discussed even today in
the College. Parliament did that, not the Commission, which had promised to do it. In this context, I must say that the attempts at national reconciliation with the rebel groups may have given a negative
and counterproductive signal of impunity which has led the rebels to carry out this miserable attack. I believe that these agreements need to contain explicit provisions about reducing aviation's environmental
impact. In many cases, these countries are utterly dependent upon exporting their agricultural produce. It gives us a way to plan forward. But should it make any difference which country or which area or
which hospital you are treated in? I shall be inclined, however, to reject the amendments referring to assessments made by independent bodies and independent experts, because there are bodies that have
that function in every Member State and it would be a waste of resources to insist on others. I am therefore abstaining from voting, since the proposal has negative as well as positive aspects. We also deplore
the way they have been applied inconsistently and are wide open to breaches, such as the way President Mugabe has been allowed into the EU on several occasions in spite of a travel ban on his regime. This
House, not surprisingly, pays particular attention to this principle, as shown by the regular production of reports and resolutions dealing with human rights violations around the world. While I agree with
the general procedures that are being laid down in the Tillich report, I disagree with some of the concepts that are creeping in. We are fairly good, but not good enough. In the absence of useable data on
these chemicals, however, only a tiny proportion of these cancers are recognised as occupational diseases and dealt with as such. We are not ignoring the tensions that have arisen within part of Israeli
society and particularly in the political sphere in that country, especially in relation to the prospects that are now opening up and the further steps that have to be taken. There were 1&#160;785 offences
in Spain; 1&#160;641 of them were dealt with by administrative sanctions. I take the view that now is just the right time to renew the European Union's support for Tibet. There is no conflict between trade
and animal welfare. However, the report does contain a lot of important criticism, not least in paragraphs 5, 14 and 23, which is sufficient for me to vote for it. It is with them that the hope for the future
of Serbia lies. I believe everyone is aware that we are studying a change to this Question Time in order to make it more flexible and also more useful. It is clear that the time has come to introduce some
real order here. Finally, I want to come to the question of national symbols on the single currency. However, there is hardly any other Parliament which would have voted that number of amendments to a report. I
would like to believe that the actions planned in support of the European Year of Intercultural Dialogue, and above all intercultural dialogue itself, will manage to subdue the nationalistic mood right
across the Union. Finally, the third cause of non-application: certain directives are still not transposed or are badly transposed because the governmental representatives sitting on the Council wanted
to turn over a new leaf in relation to Europe by closing their eyes to future difficulties that they of course knew would be inevitable. Fortunately, the latest report conducted by AZTI (Basque Scientific
Institute) and the Juvena study have shown us that there are much greater anchovy stocks for the coming year. The next item is the report by Mrs Bauer and Mrs Hedh, on behalf of the Committee on Civil Liberties,
Justice and Home Affairs, on the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on preventing and combating trafficking in human beings, and protecting victims, repealing Framework
Decision 2002/629/JHA - C7-0087/2010 -. The High Commissioner for Refugees played an important role in dealing with the crisis involving the Tampa, and I believe that we should all encourage the Commissioner
to put this type of problem on the agenda of the consultations which, following the Geneva Conference in December, should enable us to update our rules, because that is what they are, international rules. It
has not been possible for Commissioner Fischler to be here tonight, but he has informed me that he would be very pleased to discuss these issues with you in the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development
at the earliest opportunity. These targets and this consistency must be protected. The meeting also spoke of the need to develop our decision-making system, to enable the Union to respond promptly and more
effectively to urgent problems. The legislative framework was further supplemented by the e-commerce directive, adopted in 2000, the objective of which is to facilitate cross-border provision of new interactive
media services distributed on a point-to-point basis. In particular, we have funded two elections - presidential and parliamentary - and we have also sent observers to observe those elections in order to
create the basis for democracy. It is therefore not sufficient simply to ensure that we do not send large vessels, as the proposal states, but rather we must send appropriate vessels to the area, which
are designed to anchor at shallow beaches and are made with materials which are resistant, amongst other things, to high tropical temperatures and humidity. Until 2004, we had regional development, transport
and tourism all under the one heading. Mr President, I must begin by congratulating Mr Casini on his report on improving adoption legislation. I would like to ask the Bureau to put forward concrete proposals
on fixed voting times so that this sort of thing cannot happen. I think that we also need to make a clear distinction ... I also hope that, in the future too, Members of the European Parliament will have
the opportunity to be involved in working parties, as we were at an earlier stage. Nevertheless, mistakes sometimes do happen in the heat of the moment and I would like to ask for your forbearance. In relation
to the agency I can only refer you to the answer that I gave to Mrs Jackson that my belief is that the establishment of a centralised Commission level food safety authority will go a considerable distance
to eliminating these kinds of difficulties. Indeed, our aim to become the least polluted region in the world cannot but be to our advantage. We will lose the quality of our chocolate, and we will have to
cope with the financial deficits arising from our own shameless attitude with regard to those who put their trust in us. This is why it is very important that we use the days that we have before us intelligently
so that we can succeed in convincing the Council to grab the ball that is now in its court, and to take the opportunity that you have offered it to provide detail on these matters and to reach a true agreement. Listening
carefully to what Mr Watson said, which is what I did, I can see a connection between the European ideals, the way in which Europe presents itself to the outside world, foreign policy, and the way in which
it tackles specific issues which we advocate, such as the energy issue to which he referred. I am convinced that the improvements made to the Constitutional Treaty are necessary and, with this in mind,
we hope that at the end of the reflection period we can embark on a new path that enables us to clarify today’s controversial issues in a more effective and intelligible manner. But once again it has not
been possible and the responsibility for that falls to Parliament. Finally, I would like to comment on the idea of the proposal for a directive on the introduction of a European test, whereby Member States
would be required to test their legislation on the effects they have on frontier workers. I cannot imagine that any business in this world would apply that criteria. Something that the waste crisis in Campania
does demonstrate is the danger of submitting environmental management - in its many aspects - to the simple logic of profit. One example is fencing in which, nowadays, the participants are not physical
harmed. I would like to point out the fact that an increase of the quotas by 2% represents -in fact- an actual increase in milk production at community level by only 0.8%. I am particularly pleased that
we are joined by Czech Minister for Foreign Affairs, Mr Karel Schwarzenberg. I would like to add my voice to those who consider this field to be very important. And it is those female virtues which the world
today unfortunately finds it difficult or refuses to recognise or respect. In Bucharest, before the Senate House, opposite the Royal Palace, there is a memorial inscribed with the words ‘Glorie martirilor
nostri’ dated December 1989. This really does call for a profound examination of our consciences - I venture to use this word since you used the word 'ethical' , and I am grateful for it - which must be
a challenge to us all. This is a useful reminder for sceptics of all persuasions that, thanks to the European Parliament, the concept of a pluralist and living democracy is not a vain hope but a reality. I
would like to support the suggestion put forward in this report about setting up a common website for European institutions, intended to help citizens identify directly which institution is able to settle
their complaint. It is our country, Italy, as a whole, that is joining the euro today, free from the dangerous divisions and open hostilities that thrive in other Member States of the Union. (ES) Mr President,
I would like to say to Mr Zaleski and Mr Guardans that, as they know, there is a famous painting by Goya entitled 'The dream of reason brings forth monsters', and sometimes the dream of liberalisation,
with the strict rules of the market, can bring forth inefficiency and inequality. Of course the world is watching, observing us today, but its gaze is also focused on the Obama Administration. 'Quick Start'
projects can be started up on top of what we are already doing as soon as the withdrawal from Gaza begins. Perhaps this has to do with the application of later agreements, but we need more information to
appreciate the consequences for our fishermen. All existing judicial obstacles in national law for cross-border, criminal prosecution should be removed without delay. Firstly, some countries, such as Ireland,
may be unlikely to draw up information programmes if the trade does not show an interest. If Saudi Arabia wants to be recognised internationally as a modern state that respects human rights, it must, as
a minimum, respect the rights laid down in the Convention on the elimination of all forms of discrimination against women, to which — I would remind you — Saudi Arabia is a contracting party. That will
be the case with the Single European Sky ATM Research (SESAR) for air traffic. It is also true of the lesser known areas, such as that of banknotes. Irish organisations have already availed of EUR 270 million
from this programme, in the agricultural, food, fishing, health, energy, transport and ICT sectors. Everybody agrees that developments in justice and home affairs matter and that they will play a crucial
role in the success of the enlargement process as a whole. It is an autonomous and specific act by the European Union and in no way does it depend on the trade conflict which we might be having with the
United States over the Helms-Burton Act. These major questions were left for Councils of lesser ministers. The influence that a small country has here is nonexistent: the big countries dominate. Furthermore,
I believe that it is important for the coordination and efficiency of the European response to be improved, not least through a European civil protection force. Even today, and I particularly regret this
in view of the latest ECHO revelations, neither Commissioner Marín nor Commissioner Bonino is here, and the same thing happened last time for part of the hearing. Therefore, my work involves not only the
percentage that is within my mandate, but on top of that there is a great deal of effort being expended by my staff to be able to help every single citizen who comes to us whose concern is outside the
mandate, by referring to the appropriate institution, be it at European or national level. While these discussions have not always been easy, they took place in a spirit of good cooperation, and I must
congratulate Mr Van Hecke again on the results which show how well the institutions can work together. In this respect, it is worth mentioning that some have voiced their perplexity at not seeing the authorities
take measures to capture part of the oil companies’ windfall profits resulting from the latest oil price increases. This 'one-stop shop' system will make it easier to register representatives of special
interests, whether from commercial or non-commercial organisations. This in turn should lead to an improvement of our own efficiency and effectiveness, both in the policy and operational domain, and in
turn, to a sizeable improvement in the quality and impact of EC development and humanitarian policies and activities. First, on the social and cultural function of digital content, the Commission welcomes
the fact that Parliament emphasises the social and cultural dimension of digital content. That is the reason why we have insisted – and continue to insist – on the need to lay down rules for funding these
basic security measures, keeping in mind the possibility of redistributing the funding equally between the two sources. It is essential that the transitional government organises elections as soon as possible,
so that the country can move from authoritarian rule to stable democratic government. Fourthly, you promised to bring forward a supplement to the regulation of the gap between structural aid and emergency
aid. But let us not skate on thin ice by supporting one industry and believing that in doing so we are helping creators and artists; we do not want to follow a good European tradition and then end up in
an American blind alley. And as regards labelling, any change in approach would, at present, seriously weaken our position. If the EU shows itself to be amenable here, we can ride out the current crisis. We
should realise that advertising policy, especially in relation to men and women, is putting a brake on the process of harmonisation of working and family life, since it very often presents a picture of
a woman who is happily and smilingly on top of all her, sometimes conflicting, tasks arising out of her different social roles, very often performed under considerable time pressure. The companies involved
in the competition have also been informed directly. Once again, I am very grateful to you for having properly understood and worked on this text, which I consider to be one of the bricks that we talked
about earlier, and for having decided to take the few days or weeks necessary to work effectively on the trialogues and to bring them to a successful conclusion. Mr President, concerning item No 10 on page
16 of the Minutes, Mr Novo raised the matter of the use of the bridge over rue Belliard to film a demonstration. I regret that Mr Nassauer has ignored what the rapporteur said about the use of language
and has talked about "burden sharing", because the issue is actually how different Member States accept their responsibilities and try to treat people in very desperate circumstances fairly. I think that
his analysis is extremely accurate and shows us how we really can make headway in combating the laundering of what we call 'black' or 'dirty' money. It is in this context that the European Union is gambling
its credibility. It is quite clear that the regulatory framework we are creating is not a success if 98&#160;% of businesses in the European Union feel that it does not work for their line of business. on
behalf of the IND/DEM Group. - (DA) Mr President, Slovakia wishes to participate in the euro, and I do not blame it for that, yet I wish to take this opportunity to call for level-headedness. So we cannot
do anything other than call on Mr Wathelet to resign, but I feel that only when everyone assumes their respective responsibility will there finally be room for respect for the rights of children. For these
reasons, we confirm the need, as already stated, to open a European Union office in Pristina, we confirm the need for respect for that dialogue and those agreements already effected between Milosevic and
Rugova that should guarantee the opening and maintenance of university education systems for the Albanian minority. That is why, without wishing to embark on general theories, Madam President, Mr Harbour,
I should like to say that the series of amendments which we have proposed is designed mainly to protect consumers not from threats from others, but from competitive conditions per se. Secondly, the summit
confirmed that the EU and Russia see eye-to-eye on the underlying necessity of constructing a strong EU-Russia strategic partnership in the future. Mr President, there are parts of Europe where there is
not enough water, and areas where there is sometimes too much. Let me say, on behalf of my group, that every single member of our group shares the passion for Europe, and we should not drive a wedge between
Europeans, neither in Italy nor in Europe. We will therefore not object to any of these candidates, as they are all well qualified, remarkably experienced, and have excellent reputations. It will mark the
anniversary as a country which, in contrast to some other new Member States, does not feel disappointed over the unfulfilled expectations of membership. Finally, Commissioner, I would like you to bear in
mind that in the European Union no two legal systems in the different regions and countries are the same; each one is different. I welcome the resolution, as it primarily concerns the citizens and ties
in with my priorities: a Europe of law and justice (protection of fundamental rights and the fight against all forms of discrimination); a Europe that protects everything whilst not acting like Big Brother
(strengthening of Europol and of police and judicial cooperation in criminal matters both operationally and administratively, improvement of inter-State cooperation between the police and information services,
construction of a European criminal justice area based on the principle of mutual recognition, protection of personal data); and a Europe that is united, responsible and fair with regard to asylum and
immigration through true solidarity between all the Member States, and the fight against the trafficking in, and the sexual and economic exploitation of, human beings. That was not even mentioned in the
documents before the Council. It also offers a huge potential for highly qualified new employment in maritime sectors and coastal regions. This leaves the Union in good shape to ensure we deliver our political
priority for this year. I note in the list of recommendations in the report for action there is a call for the Commission to reorganize the internal structure of those of its departments responsible for
nuclear matters. Then there is the complex question of vaccination, even if it is not on the Irish agenda. We must hold a world conference against terrorism under the auspices of the UN, where the different
measures can be explained: cooperation amongst police forces; structural problems: poverty, debt, inequality; the role of the financial institutions and also of the different commercial bodies; combating
tax havens and money-laundering. Although I believe that these programmes must be implemented as soon as possible, and operate as efficiently as possible, they need to be prepared properly. Can the rapporteur
tell us - because she did not say this in her speech - why we should doubt the FDA assessment? There has been real tension between trade and development objectives. We must stress the need to ensure that
exporters carry out the process of recovery or recycling under conditions which are not merely similar to those laid down in Community legislation, but exactly equivalent to them. We must face up to our
responsibilities and make every effort to bring an immediate end to this massacre. It is a real insult to the only directly-elected democratic institution at European level. As you know, the Constitution,
in which the European Union is given the power to legislate on tourism, has not entered into force. In Turkey, for example, an applicant country for accession to the EU, life can be dangerous for Western
travellers, since - as a very recent study demonstrates - the oft-proclaimed improvement in the protection of minorities exists only on paper, and the situation on the ground has actually deteriorated. Moreover,
the EU's high representative, Javier Solana, spoke out on behalf of Aung San Suu Kyi at the ASEAN ministerial meeting and the subsequent ASEAN-EU ministerial conference in July, at which a representative
of Burma was also present. Not to recognise this means looking at it in a one-sided way, and not seeing the whole picture. In a country which still practises honour killings, calling for sexual rights for
women means opposing fundamentalist excesses from any corner. I have worked on this dossier as the shadow rapporteur for the Socialist Group in the European Parliament, in full cooperation with JeanPaul
Gauzès, the report's author, whom I sincerely congratulate. Does international law allow a State to protect terrorist cells that are going to attack the civil population of another State? Those states which
elected not to take part in the third stage of monetary union reached their decision democratically in the wake of a process of mature consideration. In my opinion, not even communitization would lead to
any real progress, except at the risk of judicial chaos, which is something we must avoid as we move towards a European area of justice - a real European area of justice. However, we have to be realistic
and we should take the improvements that are now on offer. This would, in any case, send a positive signal as to our intention to take the measures necessary to address the important economic challenge
ahead of us. (NL) Mr President, I would like to thank the Minister for his reply. Although we had the statute for the International Criminal Court in July 1998, this is ultimately a matter which is still
the prime responsibility of national governments and national criminal jurisdictions. That is why a legislative framework is needed for the ports sector. The Agency must have the resources necessary to intervene
when a Member State requests it and under the authority of a State, with specialised ships which will operate under a chartering system and which will be made available, if requested, to that Member State. I
would like to hope that Poland will resolve this contradictory situation in time. Such coordination would tend to decrease accountability, reduce the transparency of the policy framework for the public
and increase uncertainty about policy actions, potentially threatening to destabilise the economy. &#160;&#160; Once again, we witness the EU throwing stones from its glass house. With electronic information
there are no longer any frontiers. The social agenda depends on the creation of a non-binding optional Community framework, which would facilitate the conclusion of supranational collective agreements and
represent a specially adapted instrument for restructuring at European, and even global level. I would like particularly to emphasise the role of the consumer organisations at a Community level and also
at an intra-state level, since they know best the special needs of the target groups in the area of educational programmes. &#160;&#160; – Mr President, we very much welcome the political debate that is
beginning on the Stability Pact. 214 locations and more than 1.6 million people suffered directly as a result of the disaster. We are doing everything we can in relation to that policy, both from my position
and from the position of the Commission, which is helping generously. That may, perhaps, sound somewhat harsh, but as much has already been said here on how precious children are and on the topic of kidnapping
and so on, we should also make a bolder statement on this issue. We accept that there is waste and inefficiency in the development budget. In my country, Ireland, where we have just introduced full decoupling
from 1 January 2005, Irish farmers feel that they face a very uncertain future as regards their income. On a business level there will be cross-sectorial impacts but with the current state of things these
cannot be considered as having a major effect on the European economy of the susceptible industrial sectors as a whole. Mr Corbett, I say clearly that it is not up to this House to pass judgement on what
the parliaments of our Member States do. We consider that children's rights must be respected in just the same way as human rights and, of course, we support action to combat such things as child pornography
and the sexual exploitation of children. Europe must be strong. The resignation of the Commission was no heroic deed, but rather a case of the Commissioners jumping before they were pushed. It is vital for
the European Union to guarantee its energy independence by continuing to develop clean and renewable energy sources. Moreover, it also makes it possible for American damage claims to be removed from the
jurisdiction of any judge in the Member States. The burden of proof would be that way round. Speaking quite personally, I would like to extend to you my wholehearted congratulations on this. I had five minutes'
speaking time at the beginning and obviously said a great deal. What matters here is that, whatever quota is arrived at, the quantities are allocated in the same way as before. Security, freedom and justice
are not, of course, to be had for free, but my Committee's present proposals do not represent any increase in the financial framework over against last year's budget. In your reports, you emphasise the
importance of ongoing, intensified dialogue with communities that adhere to different religions or beliefs. Our colleague Herbert Reul has done a magnificent job throughout the debate in committee and has
produced a sound, consistent text which fully encompasses the concerns of the majority of MEPs. We are against the EU's current trade policy concerning the import of bananas. Madam President, as shadow rapporteur
for the report on the Commission proposal amending the Council Decision on the multiannual programme for enterprise and entrepreneurship, and in particular for SMEs, I would like to make several comments
on the importance of the extension of this programme. Before I finish, I want to make it clear that I have no doubts about the European Commission's good intentions for the relaunch of the MED programmes
but, just as good intentions are not enough to pass an exam, come back in September and show us that you have learned the lessons I have just explained to you - and do not look at me like that! According
to Point 6, the Resolution 'reaffirms its commitment to achieving a settlement of the ongoing constitutional process of the European Union that is based on the content of the Constitutional Treaty, possibly
under a different presentation ...' I will comment briefly on these issues. Mr President, when assessing any draft regulations, we first have to establish what objectives we are pursuing and what aspect
of life in society we are trying to put in order. (RO) The report we have debated today refers to many problems linked to food security in ACP countries. The final date is still under discussion and should
be decided on shortly by the Council of Ministers. Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, we all know that in the world of politics - I am sorry to say this - politicians always find it more
attractive to come up with new ideas and at least launch their initial implementation than to complete and improve on existing, tried and tested concepts that do not attract so much media attention! It
coordinates the criminal prosecution authorities in the fight against organised crime. Our group refuses to participate in this institutional ploy, this continuing squabble. Finally, by using a new category
of fuel in agriculture, forcing farmers to change their storage tanks, it will mean an extra cost of around EUR 5 000 per farm. But, in addition, you need public confidence if these products are to be marketed
properly. As you know, Rule 2 states that Members of the European Parliament shall exercise their mandate independently, they shall not be bound by any instructions and shall not receive a binding mandate. For
example, to date, only a quarter of the commitment appropriations has been paid out. I voted in favour of this motion for a resolution because it expresses the solidarity of the people of Europe with Japan. It
supports a mutually acceptable solution about the name, which must represent a purely geographical definition divorced from divisive nationalism and enslavement. The involvement of the national parliaments
in the decisions taken by the Council of Ministers must be visible, subject to control and sanctioned by the national parliaments. We also made a range of further proposals for improving the action programme. If
standardization is desired in this field, we shall need a European Gene Technology Act and a European Embryo Protection Act, but you cannot make a start on this in the context of the bio-patents directive. The
principle of mutual recognition, the cornerstone of mutual cooperation, is very far from being satisfactorily recognised. Just in order to concentrate the minds of the Member States, can we ask what the
Commission, and indeed the SVC, have concluded as a result of the tests which have been carried out in Switzerland with regard to the number of animals, either by number or proportion, which have entered
the human food chain? We also have to look at the situation regarding supermarkets, because - do not forget - not only are we concerned at the price that the farmer receives for his or her products, but
we are also interested in what the consumer has to pay. Subject: Measures to prevent soil erosion under the CAP post-2013 Coherence must be a part of our political commitment. It was therefore no surprise
that the heavy fall in demand in vehicles that we experienced last summer was then followed by an economic downturn in all the other sectors of the economy. That is how things are done. What about moral
hazard issues? I was one of three Members of the European Parliament on this delegation, and that was not enough. All wood dust causes health problems, such as allergies, but this is an area outside the
scope of the directive. I chose to vote against the report as it was clearly a step in the wrong direction from the Commission's proposal in a number of areas. The report could, however, have been more vigorous
when it comes to environmental issues. We hope that the European Parliament can engage constructively with us in pursuing this objective by helping to finalise the remaining elements of the Financial Services
Action Plan, particularly the proposed directives on transparency and investment services, before the end of its current term. I think that we have appreciated this highly in some of the details that we
have been able to add or change in this process. Since Sweden is not going to participate in the introduction of EMU, we have decided to abstain from voting on this report. The directive will therefore address
an important loophole in our financial legislation. However, there are several points which are crucial for Europe because they directly affect our lives. Let us make it clear that learning and the right
to learning are not solely determined by labour market data. For this reason I believe that the compromise solutions we have reached meanwhile can be interpreted in such a way that the Commission and the
Council have at their disposal this scope for differentiation. Several of these Member States have already made significant progress in the relevant consultation procedures and they are expected to notify
their plans to the Commission within the next few weeks. This is not the only difficulty we have at present. Therefore, in the name of the respect for national identities set out in the preamble, there must
be a Council of Ministers which unanimously agrees with the fundamental freedom of nations. Mr President, I am most grateful to you for allowing me to come here today. We nevertheless regret that because
of capitalist interests and national self-interest, which are two sides of the same coin, the proposed texts delay application until 2010. You did not obtain a majority for your renewed demands for a framework
directive. Finally, we propose keeping both a register, as mentioned by a number of my fellow MEPs, and also a scoreboard showing where the Member States at present stand with regard to state aid. I would
therefore also like to comment on the 24 nautical miles question. The Council has permitted this derogation and similar derogations for Denmark and Finland because, in the absence of sufficient harmonization
of excise taxes on spirits, the abolition of controls at internal Community frontiers could adversely prejudice those Member States whose excise taxes for spirits are higher than the Community average. More
than 10 years on it is clearly time to modify and strengthen these rules. When you decide to do it everyone thinks it's going to be done, but your Finance Ministers meet a little later and do exactly the
opposite. More particularly it fills a gap in employment legislation which was vividly exposed by the closure of the Renault plant at Vilvoorde and I congratulate the Commission - I should say acting Commission
- for plugging this serious gap. What will come of this? It is only the final payment for the last annual tranche that is not made until after a full and exact final report has been received. I am not saying
that we definitely need legislation. Millions of euro are spent every year on translations and on administrative paperwork to obtain patent protection in the 27 different legal systems in the EU, while
in the US, an inventor can acquire a patent for the entire US territory for an amount equivalent to EUR 1 850. I am sure that his services are working flat out. It must be the path that we Europeans advocate
for the future. There was also a danger that a judgment would be identified with a nationality. Swedish travel agents are to be the first in the world to actively combat the child sex trade, which is rife
in many so-called tourist paradises. Nevertheless, I am pleased to have been given the opportunity to stand in for him, or to try to do so anyway, since the issue you are discussing is one that has always
interested me, ladies and gentlemen. One of our requests has been fulfilled to our satisfaction, that is the position of the High Representative. This is another reason to be open to dialogue. However, the
citizens of today's European Union are still denied information on fundamental issues relating to justice and home affairs. in writing. - (FR) It is to its credit that, in order to combat excessive weight,
obesity and chronic diseases, the European Commission is concerned that everyone should have a healthy diet and engage in physical activity. It is necessary for projects from NGOs and small communities
to continue to be given a priority so that Europe's pressure can contribute to safeguarding the environment, sustainable growth in this world which has been hit so hard in recent years by one form of destruction
after another. Madam President, I do not know whether this afternoon was the first time that you have been in the chair, presiding over Parliament. The results of the studies concerning residue analysis
of meat and meat products have already been made public and can be obtained from the Commission services. We are all unfortunately aware of the results of this three-year delay. On one hand there is a desire
to protect the inter-bank payment systems in order to keep the financial system workable and, on the other, there will be the interests of creditors which have to be taken into account in any normal case
of insolvency or bankruptcy. What we have done is to put it on the agenda in the European competition network, and we are gathering information from all the Member States that have experience - some have
inquiries, others are analysing, others are just trying to find out what is going wrong in the retail area. At the same time, we need to coordinate Member States' policies on budget laws in order to protect
families, protect individuals and, in essence, protect the social cohesion of the individual Member States. For months now, dairy producers have been producing at a loss whilst the price of milk has not
fallen for consumers: large distributors have been the ones to benefit. The main objective of this proposal for a financial framework is to guarantee that financial aid will be granted in accordance with
priorities defined by the accession partnership and to bring the existing financial instruments together to form a single instrument, in order to optimise its effectiveness. For victims, creating shelters
is not enough. Secondly, I am very grateful to the European Union for now having blacklisted the civilian wings of certain movements. We must do everything we can to ensure that this is supported by the
Quartet, particularly by the Europeans. Firstly for those expressed by Mr Goebbels on several occasions, concerning the inadequacy of the funding earmarked for the Union's enlargement. in writing. - (SV)
I interpret paragraph 149 of Mr Catania's report on the situation of fundamental rights in the European Union as urging Member States to ensure that the equal treatment of patients within the health care
system also includes addicts. So the country that calls itself the leader of the free world cannot put aside those values for its convenience, albeit understandable security concerns. On the one hand, there
are those who want a process of national reconciliation and an effective democracy and, on the other, there are those who still want revenge over the electoral process. Clearly, it is budgetary decisions
that underlie this decision. The EU must make every effort, together with those countries, to tackle the often criminal trade in weapons. This Regulation is applicable to all EU Member States except for
the United Kingdom and Ireland and also to Iceland, Norway and Switzerland. But hedging operations are already allowed in the existing Article 21(1) of Directive 611/85 on UCITS. Assuming a decision is taken
by the College of Commissioners to close the case, the Commission will, in response to a formal request from Parliament, provide file access in accordance with the Framework Agreement subject to the respect
of any confidentiality requirements imposed by the UK on documents which it has prepared. Whether the treaty will succeed will depend primarily, however, on the way the Member States and European institutions
implement it. I am pleased that our own legal services - who say Parliament must be very wary of attempts from representatives of other institutions to limit our powers - have confirmed that there is nothing
in the rules to stop us having a parliamentary inquiry, so long as the terms of reference differ from any question before the courts in a Member State. Of course, we must regret the failures of the diplomatic
efforts made in Rambouillet and in Paris. Indeed, as Mrs Wallis said, you must remember it is not only within Europe. The Commissioner will not be offended, because he was sitting with us in the committee
when Malcolm Harbour came up with the internal market initiative, an initiative which re-opened the whole debate on the internal market, and everyone - regardless of their political affiliations, whether
socialist, green, liberal or from the European Conservatives and Reformists themselves - I would say almost everyone, supported this idea, which is why I want to mention the name of Malcolm Harbour. I would
therefore like to call upon the High Representative for Foreign Affairs to examine actions intended to allow Haitian children up to the age of 10 to be taken in and looked after by European countries. As
Mrs Keppelhoff-Wiechert mentioned, the area of most serious concern in the Commission's proposals is the use of financial guarantees. That is indeed one of the lessons of the Iraq war, where divergent viewpoints
within the European Union condemned us to inaction. My colleague, Kinga Göncz, a Member of Parliament in my group and former Hungarian Foreign Minister, was insulted in the debate this morning by Krisztina
Morvai from the fascist Jobbik party in a completely unacceptable way. We did this in the past and we can do it again in the future. For if we do not invest in human capital, we will not achieve what we
all want. We look back to the controversy surrounding the G8 meetings last year. Madam President, tomorrow we are expecting to have this directive on organ donation and transplantation, which is essential. This
is a subject we will be returning to during our next part-session. They can, in short, no longer afford gas. It is therefore unacceptable that Parliament has hitherto done nothing about it, since it would
have been a simple matter - had the will existed. In my view, we should have amended it and improved on it, for a balanced package of amendments was before us. Among those arrested last Thursday at 3 a.m.
was Mr Joxemari Sors. It concerns human rights and the fight against terrorism, which in many ways seems like a contradiction in terms. That indicates that our agricultural policy only really serves the
interests of the large concerns. Secondly, we must also exercise extreme restraint in the area of staff policy in the coming year. We are starting , , from a maximum ceiling for the budget within which we
are trying to fit the policies, rather than looking at the policies and the funding they require and determining the extent to which the resources needed to finance them are available. We are experiencing
a major social crisis; there is a vast distance between the citizens and our institutions. For example, extending overly strict emissions targets to all the coastal regions in Europe may create distortions
of competition. I think that is the most hypocritical statement I have ever heard on the subject. The resolution was prompted among other things by an incident in July 2009 in which two young bloggers, Emin
Milli and Adnan Hajizade, were attacked in a restaurant, went to the police to report the incident and were then arrested themselves. After serious consideration we have decided to vote against the directive
while certain proposals of fundamental importance do not have the support of the majority. This makes Papua New Guinea currently the only country provisionally applying the EU-Pacific interim EPA. One hundred
and forty thousand people have signed an Internet petition calling for the dismissal of the Minister for Education. Its ratification would remove a huge obstacle to further trade relations, from which both
Turkey and Europe could benefit. In contrast to what they try to make us believe, all indicators show that, if the strategies followed up to now continue, rates of economic growth will be very low and lower
than in other parts of the world, meaning that unemployment will get worse, jobs will get less secure and less well paid, and poverty and social exclusion will get worse. The guidelines seek to provide
a clear and consistent approach in support of growth and jobs under the renewed Lisbon Strategy. In adopting a position on the taxation of energy-intensive industries, we have decided to strike a balance
between these approaches. We all hoped that he would have been released by now, as the 14 others kidnapped since 2005 were released, and we are today adding our voices to those calling for the Palestinian
Authority to redouble its efforts to secure Alan Johnston's speedy release. When it does so, it will be demonstrating the most breathtaking hypocrisy: maintaining and further developing the UK's own nuclear
weapons, whilst waging illegal wars to try to stop others from obtaining them. That does not mean of course that all the compromises reached are lost. At the same time, though, it was also our concern to
achieve the sustainable mutual interconnection of Russia and the European Union, and not only by means of the partnership and cooperation agreement. Mr President, it is clear that, following last year's
toy safety scares and recalls in the run-up to Christmas, our current toy safety law drafted in 1988 cannot deal with the new risks and threats to children's safety. It follows that the integration of development
strategies and the promotion of international trade are important factors for reducing poverty. Any attempt to prevent free choice of work, for reasons including nationality, must not be allowed to take
place. Obviously, owing to rapid developments in information technology this system requires continuous updating, and the Commission is keeping a close watch on it. So the effect of the directive we are
debating today could be that if I download information about right-wing radicalism from the Internet now I could at some point in the future lose my job as a civil servant. As my colleague Leoluca Orlando
rightly puts it, ' There is a European union of crime, but there is no European union of crime prevention.' The hidden message is that this is another concept in favour of an offensive European industrial
policy. They cannot just be brushed under the carpet. Please let us put a stop to this double-speak and say loudly and clearly that Hamas, which for a number of years has been receiving money indirectly
from the Union, pursues iniquitous policies, and that EU citizens will not pay for them out of their taxes. We know it is essential for the nitrogen oxide catalytic converter, and in my opinion this is
particularly important. The motion contains positive elements, such as acknowledging the lack of medium- and long-term objectives and the vague and poor funding for developing countries. We had adopted the
'Everything but Arms' agreement, which unilaterally opens the EU market to the forty-nine poorest countries in the world, without demanding political or economic concessions in return. The checks are pointless
in any case, as we are told that the margin of error is 1%, whereas scientists tell us that it is in fact 40%. These efforts must aim to create more opportunities, in particular for women, young people
and the rural population. A foreign policy like the one that the Union is proposing to develop cannot neglect the cultural dimension, but rather must keep it in mind as an asset; as a value that is not
always tangible but is particularly important in a world increasingly susceptible to the 'soft power' of states and international organisations. However, I will just mention some of the market instruments:
intervention and private storage. Therefore, the continuity of tradition was broken. Therefore, my dear Members of this Parliament, representatives of Europe's citizens, let us try not to lend support to
the negative rhetoric on Europe. I do not, however, support the creation of a separate parliamentary body with responsibility for children's rights. It intends that the dialogue with these countries will
cover all the dimensions of migration, especially legal migration, the prevention of and fight against illegal migration, and also the link between migration and development. There is a vast grey economy
and there is high unemployment, features not entirely unknown in some of the countries that are already European Union Member States. However, now I have received such a letter in which my questions are
answered by saying that they are not permitted under Rule 41.1. Firstly, US airspace remained closed for four days, then passenger confidence was reduced and there was a considerable fall in the amount
of air traffic operating - 20% fewer holiday flights compared with the year 2000, particularly on transatlantic routes where there was a drop of 30% - and to top it all there was the tragic accident two
days ago, which will no doubt make the situation even worse. My group has expressly mandated me to state that we consider it irresponsible for a head of government, in this case the German Federal Chancellor,
to make enlargement conditional on the results achieved in negotiations on the agriculture chapter with regard to payments. I therefore agree with what is stated in Mrs Haug' s report, namely that we must
insist that these appropriations for Special Envoys remain on the Commission' s budget, for we in that way ensure continued parliamentary inspection and control and ensure that Parliament continues, for
example, to be listened to and kept informed. The action plan must address social concerns such as the need for social security, the growth of poverty, the reduced ability of traditional social systems
to integrate communities, the mistakes made in urban planning - resulting in shanty towns, slums, etcetera - and the negligence of town and city councils. 'Fair' means avoiding taking sides in internal
political controversies and using the same standards when evaluating the actions of parties wearing the colour we like and those wearing the colour we do not like. Insofar as this proposal relates to common
trade policy, it is covered by Article 133 of the Treaty, which does not call for the European Parliament to be consulted. Question No 1 by (H-0350/00): ‘I can assure you that the Presidency and the Council
are fully committed to finalising a compromise on the DCECI before the summer break and will not spare any efforts as far as working time and personnel capacities are concerned.’ Regulation has failed,
as Commissioner Almunia stated. Regretfully, we must also point out what this regulation cannot achieve. Article 1 states what we have to do. Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, When I quoted Jean Monnet
at the start, I said that, at this stage of European integration, we need to look far ahead. There are the enduring problems of monitoring. In the run-up to the elections we noted a number of activities
and tendencies not related to the election process that are cause for concern. Partnerships are necessary for current and future audiovisual creation, but hegemonic strategies and monopolies are counter
to creation itself. The questions mainly concentrated on some of her business dealings with entrepreneurs who seek to increase their profits by flouting the law or by deliberately acting against the general
interest. The action of the Council has been to send a civil servant to the committee who could not answer a single political question and to absent itself from our debate today. The second mistake, I am
afraid to say, ladies and gentlemen, is that we have failed to understand political Islam. Certainly in terms of the ACP-EU negotiations, we have a real opportunity to be centre stage and to be offering
that equity and fairness. It is hard to understand why when production quotas remain unused in certain Member States they may not be reallocated to others states whose quota allocation is too small. We are,
of course, asking them to reverse their political position on this subject. And now the reality. Commissioner, Mr President, we are not begging: we are simply asking the Community to allow us to be citizens
on an equal footing with the other citizens, not privileged citizens. I am also going to say a few words of special thanks to the Secretary-General. I do not want everything to hinge on the error rate, which
will determine everything. But we escaped a black day for democracy by the skin of our teeth. I would also hope that the unavailability of slots will not be a barrier to joining the SISOne4ALL. Madam President,
with your permission I should like to use this brief opportunity at the end of this debate to respond to something which was raised in a point of order at the start of this sitting. The conclusion is that
most of the criticism is exaggerated, indeed unfair, though the draft agreement certainly has some shortcomings. As I warned you in my introduction, the Agency is highly debated and provokes reactions. We
have no nuclear reactors of our own, but we do have waste - 200-300 kg of highly radioactive waste - from the time when we thought we were going to make fuel elements. This is why the European Union must
urge the UN to deploy the peace-keeping force quickly in order to end the terror. We cannot have closed issues and nor must obstacles be thrown in the way of the debate. Do we need better chemicals legislation,
an improved substitution principle, more effective rules, more rules, more controls and more alternative products? I am sorry to see that the Presidency's proposal contains a token entry, as Mr Oreja mentioned. We
have not made any progress. When people use a counterfeit medicine, they can die; it is extremely dangerous. Traditionally, rural areas could be differentiated from urban areas through their lower population
density, different employment structure, lower level of income and poorer access to public roads. We therefore need harmonised supervision of pension systems, and some Member States ought to organise their
pension systems differently. The proposal adopted significantly strengthens consumers' rights. We need a financial market that is open, accessible to all, mature, transparent, safe and sound, with no distortion
of competition and with protection for all, which means access to cheap financial services for companies but also protection of savers, which means all savers, including small-time savers. If we do not
organise the basic political conditions properly, it will be difficult for the Commission to play a meaningful, effective role. There have been a number of the so-called key priorities - 12 of them - which
are preconditions Albania must meet before we can recommend opening accession negotiations. The EU strategy for 2020, a deeper version of the Lisbon Strategy, sets as priorities faster capitalist restructurings
and the demolition of the workers' remaining wage, labour and social rights. However, we would like to see the contradictory procedure shortened for the agencies. &#160;&#160; Mr President, as masses of
people demonstrate about the situation in Africa, the G8 leaders are meeting in Scotland. We are going to have to justify this to the taxpayers and voters in our home countries. Two concepts are central
in this: independence and coordination. May I suggest to the rapporteur that she should look very carefully at compliments coming from the direction of Mr Falconer because they come from a suspect source. Amendment
No 9, Article 4(5), deletes Article 4(5) on the grounds that the powers conferred therein to the judicial authorities, in particular the power to alter or to terminate employment relationships, are alien
to the legal systems of most of the Member States; and the Commission agrees and will delete that paragraph from its future proposal, improving information and consultation requirements and reinforcing
the status of employee representatives. Let us look at the substance of the question and we will understand that the content of the decree is absolutely fair: it is a case of targeting those who threaten
law and order with their conduct, comprising public safety and harming all those who come to Italy to improve their lives by working. The first 1, 000 entrants were given a free meal. We are now working
towards an 8% reduction, which is already quite a task. Only then can the wounds begin to heal and the future brighten for the people of the former Yugoslavia. For example, reading from the Austrian document:
Generally speaking, it is no longer only issues related to asylum and the problems of temporary protection but also, and especially, general migration issues, the problems posed by the fight against illegal
immigration networks and issues related to expulsion which are at the heart of the political debate. But we should also challenge the UN to investigate why local warnings in advance, delivered by motorcycle
taxi drivers, went unheeded; why the UN base did not have access to local language interpretation; and how the rules of engagement continue to hinder the effectiveness of its peacekeeping force. The opportunities
for control by the national parliaments are also not being reinforced. in writing. - I voted in favour of this resolution and supported a pragmatic approach towards Afghanistan and the new counter-insurgency
policy which is geared to protecting the local population and rebuilding areas where security has been ensured. For political, economic, social and legitimacy reasons, cohesion policy must not be divisive:
it should be a policy for all, as the internal market is, as the common currency is. It is therefore important for every consumer to make an informed choice when opting for certain food products. Commission
President Prodi, we are reducing cereal production in Europe in order to avoid over-capacity. It must not annul the general validity of Community law. That has been difficult to determine at times, with
all the different lobbying and conflicting information. I voted in favour of this resolution on European cooperation in vocational education and training to support the Europe 2020 strategy. Mr President,
ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of the Presidency of the Council of the European Union, I would like to present to you certain information about the re-opening of the intra-Cyprus negotiations and recent
developments in this area. Let me sincerely congratulate the negotiators who have certain been a homogeneous team, which has acted firmly and calmly, waiting for the right time, and in the end decisively. Based
on the new approach of the reference framework, Member States can be given assistance in achieving general criteria, comparability and compatibility in terms of their education offering. In my opinion we
do need a fleet policy and we need an effective - and more effective - fleet policy because the present rules are far from adequate. The proposed international list is certainly a good thing in principle,
but it must be given time, and this institution can never be understood in isolation from the parallel development of European political parties. I therefore wholeheartedly welcome the Commission's stated
intention to launch a Green Paper on the review of the VAT system. The Sahrawi people depend on aid but they are not beggars. That is what we should be doing tonight. Mr Henderson, I invite you to reply to
Mrs Theorin's question. A civilian peace corps under the auspices of the EU should at last be set up. Under normal circumstances, we in the Committee treat a case of this sort on the assumption that we are
dealing with a case of what is termed fumus persecutionis, which means that the possibility cannot be excluded that the prosecuting authority, in this case the Greek State Prosecution Service, is acting
against one of our colleagues because he is an MEP. The hearings of the Commissioners-designate are always important moments which reveal the depth of European democracy. The Commission sees itself as constrained
to continue to support a position of austerity. We are also asking that the banks' governing boards ensure that bankers' bonuses take account not only of good performances, but also of any losses that may
eventually occur. My only regret is that our fellow-citizens are not sufficiently aware of the fact. President Pöttering's decision was sensible and humane. Rail has a fundamental role to play, especially
on the eve of enlargement. For years it was often said that women had themselves to blame if they were beaten and raped. There is only a small step left to be made towards adopting the Treaty of Lisbon which,
once it has come into force, will bring the European Union and its 500 million citizens much closer together. Competition horizontal cooperation rules (vote) The scope of the citizens' initiative, however,
is not yet cut and dried. One of the options presented to fishermen in the report is for them to become cleaners of the sea and to use their boats in dealing with oil slicks. Cooperation measures in the
field of youth constitute a crucial keystone in the active integration of young people and the promotion of citizenship of Europe. In this context, I wish to ask for the quorum to be checked. Mr President,
following the detailed presentation by the Council President Minister Spring this afternoon, I offer a number of brief comments of my own. Some 200 auctioneers, 115 abattoirs, three cold stores, nine carcass
disposal plants, various storage facilities serving as depositories for tallow and animal meal and twelve incineration plants have had to be involved in the implementation of the programme. We propose that
all other multilateral organisations, such as the International Labour Organisation, the World Health Organisation, etc., be given observer status within the WTO and that their opinion be systematically
sought by the dispute settlement body when there is a risk of conflict between trade rules and other rules. - Madam President, unfortunately I cannot agree with what you have said. In terms of the risk,
the World Health Organisation estimates that, while 90% of exposures to this risk are in the developing world, 90% of reports about occupational infection occur in the United States and the European Union. The
Internet transcends national borders, however, and there is no common Union legislation to deter potential perpetrators and penalise those who commit actions of this kind. Having adapted to higher European
requirements, companies from various continents often follow them in other world markets. Which is why we need an exact overview of what this message in fact means. However, it added that this threat should
be further reduced by removing from the food chain all those animals which had had any probable contact with the agent. Now, as several of my fellow Members have said, the borders of this new European Union
have expanded eastwards and down towards the Mediterranean Sea. The consumer is entitled to a safe product and sound information. All countries can benefit from the energy and enterprise of people who are
prepared to cross whole continents in search of a better future. Dear colleagues, it is our duty, as representatives of over 490,000,000 Europeans, to raise an alarm. Consequently, this own-initiative report
by Parliament should form the basis for future discussions, even if, in my view, it does err on the side of consensus and caution. It is good for Egypt because it will help the Egyptian economy to face
the challenge of globalisation more successfully and more competitively and to carry through reforms within the context of a privileged economic and political relationship with us. The focus must be placed,
as is well set out in the report, on cutting the red tape to do with the procedures for granting funding, combined, however, with the introduction of harsh penalties in the event of irregularities or non-compliance
with existing regulations. This would complement other NATO reaction forces already in existence and be a real incentive for NATO allies other than just the Americans and British to provide a small number
of highly-trained and well-equipped forces ready to take on urgent tasks on a global basis. Thirdly, that you proceed throughout in cooperation with the European Parliament and in a serious tripartite dialogue
and, fourthly, that you immediately adopt the framework decision on data protection in the third pillar. They have all agreed on an ambitious plan of action, which the Finance Ministers will have to spell
out in detail in the weeks to come. Measuring computer use or Internet use, for example, is just one of the elements. It has come to my attention that there is in existence an unofficial list of candidates
for membership of the Commission, and that on this list there are only three women. I think that this procedure comes very close to what the Member States want, but also what Europe's citizens want, which
is that a rigorous and efficient budget be adopted each year. However, before we rush in with a whole raft of new measures and new regulations, let us look carefully at the existing arrangements to be sure
that they are being properly implemented. The fact is that Amendments Nos 27 and 34, proposing the elimination of one plenary part-session in Strasbourg, are in flagrant breach of the Edinburgh compromise
- a decision taken in Edinburgh which you, Mr President, if I may remind you, ardently defended on your recent visit to Paris. We know that their capacity to bear this burden and to integrate these people
will reach its limit if this continues. It is because the resolution supports this assessment that I cannot endorse it. In the context of the Treaty of Lisbon, this is a highly justified demand. Firstly,
I would like to congratulate Mr Fischler on his taking up of this fishing portfolio at a very bad time. Bearing in mind that the necessary authorisations will guarantee equal conditions for port services,
there will not be any reason to stop companies carrying out self-assistance from using their own land-based staff. As a Polish citizen, I should like to draw your attention to an initiative taken by the
Polish Government. In summary, I think that we have achieved an excellent result. I regret, Mr Berlusconi, that it is not clear whether or not Italy is one of these. I am rather pleased about that, because
we do not often mention it. It had already been clear for some time that property prices in the USA were excessively inflated and that the US system allowed loans to be granted too easily to insolvent persons,
or to be granted at very high interest rates, and the resulting turbulence in the global market was inevitable. Parliament' s power should not only be fought for by government leaders at intergovernmental
conferences but must also be asserted by ourselves in our daily work. The rapporteur proposes that the common position be approved, with just one additional article on the ‘transitional clauses’, already
agreed with the Council. An examination of the institutions is essential in this regard. From what I can gather, Amendment No 69 on budget line B1-406 has been incorporated into this oral amendment. Born
Samnang and Sok Sam Oeun have been arrested, found guilty of the murder of the trade unionist and sentenced to 20 years' imprisonment without any proof of their guilt having been produced. &#160;&#160;
The Moderate delegation has today voted in favour of a report in support of the fight against harmful child labour. There is also a broad consensus that the present legislative framework is inadequate and
must be supplemented by a Community strategy on the sustainable use of pesticides. Today, we approved the resolution on Syria, Yemen and Bahrain, but when we will prepare a resolution for Saudi Arabia,
for Algeria, for China and for the other countries which violate human rights in the world? All the Member States of the European Union put fine words on paper. I can see two candidates: a reformed IMF with
more democratic voting or the Bank for International Settlements, which would first need to have a democratic supervisory board. We have slowed down the European one, or even diverted it at no less than
three points on the track. It is a line which will go in a circle from Stockholm, to Östersund, then towards Norway across Trondheim and then to Oslo and back to Stockholm. I voted for the motion but I would
prefer it if, in future, in implementing the proposal, we took into consideration the fact that many pensioners and elderly people live near forests and they are often the only people left in remote and
countryside areas. Co-ordination of the European defence industry will be facilitated by growing unity based on the content of a Common Foreign and Security Policy. Poland has already experienced a German
education system claiming to be superior to all others at earlier stages of its history. We will have to keep to a simple and effective decision-making system, but also strong common policies. The Yugoslav
Federation was founded on a conventional subjective view of nationality, the very same as that which led to the European integration process. An exception is the Commission's Innovative Actions, 'Ambient
Assisted Living', the i2010 initiative and its eAccessibility communication, now part of the eInclusion programme in the third pillar of 'i2010'. It is not a question of granting privileges of any type,
but of establishing a situation of equality amongst all the Members of the European Parliament. It notes that they are on the increase, up 4% between 2001 and 2005, and show that a significant minority,
round about 16%, remain trapped in a succession of short-term low-quality jobs, with inadequate social protection. We must therefore support an African solution, assuming we are able to implement it. Sadly,
the absolutist culture of human rights in the EU and the political cowardice of many of its senior politicians have obliged the United States to assume a grossly disproportionate responsibility for tackling
a threat that knows no boundaries. (Rapporteur on the Commission's Opinion for the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs) - (BG) Dear Mr. Commissioner, Dear Mr. Chairman, The overall demographic picture
in Europe is very alarming. In accordance with the principle of subsidiarity, dealing with these matters remains the responsibility of the Member States. Will the European Union genuinely stand 100% firm
on this issue, or, as I regret to say has happened on other occasions, for example, in certain matters such as the death penalty, will it put up a good fight and then fail to achieve the key objectives
at the decisive moment? I would like to begin by thanking all the rapporteurs, and also the person who tabled the question, for the reports because they give us an overall view. By way of conclusion, Mr&#160;President,
I do not believe that one should make sweeping generalisations. Mr President, Commissioner, I should like to emphasise that reaching a compromise was no easy task. Madam President, the Minutes contain the
sentence: "Since different Members have asked to change their voting behaviour with regard to this last vote, the Members Mr Van Hulten and Mrs Swiebel have requested a repeat vote." Parliament supports
the project, but the Commission knows full well that we do not support the provision of funds by cutting other research appropriations. Other regulations -among the topics recently discussed in the European
Parliament - unify the minimum requirements for crew training. Other important elements of the revised regulation include, first, a truly new facility for the investment of TENs money in risk capital funds
with the aim of gaining access to the potentially very large resources of long-term funding available from insurance companies and pension funds for the financing of public infrastructure projects. Mrs
van den Berg mentioned two points. It is true that Mozambique' s democracy is still far from perfect, as shown by the way in which the results of the recent presidential elections were contested and doubts
were cast upon them. For example, last year more than EUR 2.8 billion were withdrawn or postponed in commitments and more than EUR 4 billion withdrawn in payment appropriations. Mr President, in March 1997
you sent a letter to the Governor of Pennsylvania, Tom Ridge, about the death sentence passed on Mumia Abu-Jamal and his planned execution. I am thinking of the issue of human rights, here in Europe, and
in particular of the role of the Council of Europe. I do not therefore believe it is a matter of vocabulary. I have worked out that, thanks to the euro, one day out of a two-week holiday in the European
Union will be free. (ET) We have already discussed here today the need to send international peacekeeping and civilian missions to Georgia. As it is broadly recognized that the Fiscalis programme should
be adopted quickly, I hope the Council will reach a common position that is acceptable to Parliament. As such, it is important for us to set our own house in order, show how we will be addressing these
issues and show leadership before we start telling the rest of the world what they should be doing. Mr Jarzembowski will surely agree with me that the German elections have brought about a decisive change
in this respect too, perhaps not to his satisfaction, but certainly to mine. We have to demonstrate to them the benefits of the system to ensure that it remains transparent, and we have to listen to their
concerns. Given the fact that only 17 years ago it was a republic of the Soviet Union, Kazakhstan's presidency of the OSCE in 2010 will further consolidate the momentum towards greater political freedom
and human rights in that country. Therefore, I would just like to devote my last second to calling on the Commission and the Council to speed up the process of introducing these national declarations. The
European Union's economic support through, for example, the Peace and Reconciliation Programme and its contributions to the International Fund for Ireland has been vital and critical in making the peace
process a tangible reality for many individuals and communities, both in Northern Ireland and the border counties in the south of the island. I think the rapporteur's amendments are very positive, and I
am very pleased at the constructive comments on the Commission's proposals. The Council agrees with the content, including with the addition of teacher training. That, furthermore, is what distinguishes
a union from an alliance. It is therefore clear that the most valuable contribution that the European institutions can make&#160;–&#160;and I would say, in general, the most important contribution that
developed countries can make&#160;–&#160;is to guarantee legal infrastructure that protects legal certainty and to support and guide processes towards democratisation and the recognition of the principles
of the rule of law. All the other countries we have been discussing here do have membership prospects, that is to say, the Balkan states, Bulgaria, Romania and Turkey. At this point we must remember that
forestry matters in the EU are covered by the principle of subsidiarity and there is no cause to extend Brussels' control in these matters unless there are special reasons for doing so. Finally our coasts
are also, of course, very popular tourist destinations and we are working on developing a sustainable tourism concept for the coastline. The German constitutional court has said that the countries must
have more influence, that the parliaments must have more influence. This report strengthens competitiveness and market instruments, without, however, being ambitious with regard to renewable forms of energy
or reduced energy consumption. Please, use your common sense and make sure that we try as hard as we can to bring this crisis to a resolution. Even now that the three biggest Groups have agreed a compromise
on deadlines and accompanying measures, my Group still sees this choice as a step backwards. We now conduct dialogues with around 25 partner countries. Let me also say that the Commission, in its function
as observer within the management system in the committees in the Member States, is also looking at and actively participating in the assessment of the allocation of funds in the areas important to ethnic
minorities, so we have different sorts of information. With regard to the inclusion of some of the sectors in the directive, in particular the extractive industry and the defence industry, we believe that
they should not be left out. The mistakes which have led to this project being delayed must not be repeated in relation to securing sources of gas. We also want a stable, predictable political situation
in Europe. At a time when we are witnessing so much violence, hatred and intolerance in all our countries, we surely have to ask ourselves where it is coming from. In order for this service to function,
it is essential to give its officials proper roles and to clarify their status and that of temporary staff from the national diplomatic services who have a role within it. Mr Bertens' reference to General
Lebed seems pertinent. The Treaty prescribes the creation of an area of freedom, justice and security, but the Tampere summit is in danger of turning only into a security summit. Above all, Europe must now
respond to the new public mood which demands that the divisions of our world must be healed through a determined combating of poverty and disease and the removal of barriers that have stopped poorer countries
trading in our markets. 39% of the gas we use has to be imported and 41% of this comes from the CIS States. Without these, there is the danger that local industries, which are uncompetitive, will largely
be cut out of the market by their foreign competitors and that foreign investors will be even less committed in Kaliningrad. The least that can be said is that what we learned does not lead us to believe
that this type of model might enable the Union to overcome the peoples’ disaffection with Europe. The natural order is violated, and consequently acts as a source of chaos, unhappiness and suffering for
many people, including those in future generations who will be brought to life in test tubes. I also think, however, that we ought again to use this morning' s discussion to raise awareness once more and
to make people aware of education again. They have nothing to lose if the war continues. Unfortunately Mr Solana is not here today for me to tell him that his statement a week before the Palestinian elections
that economic aid to Palestine should be frozen if Hammas won was a very serious mistake. I am sorry for taking rather longer than my allotted time, but it is an important subject. Enhancing strategic autonomy
in security affairs entails, for the EU, the capacity to agree upon common political objectives and strategic guidelines, to establish strategic partnerships with relevant international organisations,
including NATO, and with other countries, to collect adequate information and generate joint analyses and assessments, to harness and, where necessary, pool financial, civilian and military resources,
to plan and run effective crisis management operations across the extended range of the Petersburg-type missions, and to frame and implement a common defence policy, laying the first tangible foundations
on which to build common defence. It is intended for NGOs which are establishing networks in the Member States in order to provide a pressure group for the poorest of the poor. If the inspectors really do
not find anything, will the EU, then, work towards having the embargo lifted? Subject to the Member States' powers of nomination, the entire Commission must then appear once again, figuratively at least,
before the European Parliament to obtain its seal of approval. The first challenge is that of the crisis, and we must not - we cannot - come out of it as we went into it, as if nothing had happened. But
please allow me to express a political consideration on behalf of my group. Mr Falconer, as a fellow Scot, I always try to agree with you but you obviously missed something. Article 4 refers twice to the
fifth parliamentary term, and I have the impression that this contradicts Amendment No 26 which we have adopted. After the political change which has taken place, the Commission should intensify the negotiation
of the association agreement with Croatia. Basic healthcare infrastructure needs stable, long-term financial support if the health-related MDGs are to be delivered. I hope this will be extended to all Central
Asian countries. We must not tolerate a two-faced approach among the Member States and in the EU as a whole. If the intention is now to commence talks without Turkey having recognised Cyprus, the whole process
will be very humiliating for the entire European Union. I would exhort you, Madam President, to keep the Chamber quiet and to ensure that those who are not listening leave the room. What can I say in one
minute? In future, no one will be able to steal away secretly, experience speaks for itself. Internal security services, in particular, have an important role to play here. I would like to illustrate this
issue on the basis of two topical examples which I know have been the subject of intense discussion in your Parliament. And I do mean 'assent' literally. &#160;&#160; Mr&#160;President, Commissioner, ladies
and gentlemen, I should like to begin by thanking Mrs&#160;McGuinness for the excellent work she has done in her report. Madam President, on behalf of the Commission I should first like to thank the House
for the invitation to make a statement on this matter. The country is plagued by corruption. Madam President, you asked us if we would accept a list of names of people who could give an explanation of vote
in writing. We must all support this fight, at our own level, persuaded as we are that society as a whole will enjoy the benefits of balance within society and within individuals. A special responsibility
and mission has fallen to the universities of Lithuania and all EU Member States as we implement the Lisbon Strategy and strive for a European Union that is a knowledge-based, economic union for dynamic
development. Mr Nisticò, your question is not a point of order. Finally, perhaps this report will at some time enable us in this Chamber and in the Union to have a rational and reasonable debate on immigration
and visa issues, decoupled from the ugliness of nationalism and xenophobia. We made clear to President Medvedev that we fully support his personal mediation efforts and, of course, the work of the Minsk
Group. I voted for maternity leave to last 18 weeks and for women to receive 75% of their pay. Nothing is, however, so bad that there is not some good in it somewhere. Wim Duisenberg made the cutting retort:
'there never will be any ex-ante coordination with the European Central Bank as you are always going to have to react ex-post to our decisions.' Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I should
first of all like to thank Mr Harbour on his sterling report, but also Mr Caudron on his excellent contribution on behalf of the Committee on Industry, External Trade, Research and Energy. We would have
liked to have discussed and adopted a critical report, which is what our voters elected us to do and expect of us. In particular, interference with the Treaty provisions as regards access to the European
Court of Justice for individuals needs to be avoided. However, such a strategy should come within the framework of environmental policy. On every occasion in the past, the Commission has always highlighted
the following basic principles. Is it right for Denmark to give itself one month to find a compromise which is also acceptable to the Americans if we establish that the European themselves are still struggling
with so many problems? Research studies are sought to confirm how efficiently resources were used with regards to the priorities of the regional imperialistic EU. The artificial deepening of rivers or the
discharge of harmful substances threatens the stock of crabs. In Europe, we grant a subsidy of a dollar a day per bovine animal - and these animals are not high quality, they are our own mad cows - when
there are one billion, three hundred thousand human beings who have to live on less than one dollar a day. I should therefore like to ask the Commission whether it is not finally time to take a bird’s eye
view of Europe, and whether it would not be worth drawing up a comprehensive study of the trans-European transport network. Thirdly: Mrs Pack proposes that all the States in South-East Europe or, rather,
the firms from these states can be involved. A form of financing based on own resources must be adopted, with the latter being fixed so as to provide the EU with full budgetary autonomy. The report helps
us to understand the devastating impact of this on the developing countries. Mr President, President-in-Office of the Council , Commissioner, everyone is taking up their respective positions and the negotiations
are taking shape. To conclude, I shall be pleased to inform the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs about what was said in London regarding procedures to enhance methods for detecting
explosives, particularly liquid explosives, as well as on Internet use, positive profiling and everything else. We can better exploit what we have had in common for centuries. We hope that, despite your
very heavy schedule, you will have the opportunity to meet many of the Members of this House, and that your visit will be a productive one, helping relations between your country and the European Union
to progress. We must remove the barriers, and that is why, Mr Harbour, it is important to determine where the missing links are, which is something that is perhaps not emphasised enough, but which is nevertheless
laid down in the 2020 strategy. All the other immigrants, whether looking for work, refugees, or whatever, are second class human beings with increasingly limited fundamental rights. The demand for the rule
of law must be the same in an EU both of 30 and of 25 countries. Unfortunately, I also have a problem with including mustard seed in the support system, as you propose in Amendments Nos 1 and 3, because
that would be contrary to the Marrakech Agreement. Being aware of the importance of these specific areas, Parliament has, moreover, let itself be guided by the allocation of substantial funding and the
recent extension into 2006. We need an ambitious mandate with our demands. As the overall level of damage was estimated at CZK 5 billion, which represents less than 0.6% of Czech GDP, it did not constitute
a 'serious natural disaster' under European law, in the case of which assistance from the Solidarity Fund is virtually assured. But next door, Pakistan is potentially a catastrophe in the making - a nuclear
arms state plagued by Islamist radicalisation, corruption and feeble leadership, which, nevertheless, we have to help for strategic reasons. The current estimate of fatalities has grown to almost 50 000
people. As a result we are not serving the citizens of the Union. I therefore wish to appeal to the Commission to be objective and clear, no matter what form the criteria take. The terms of the agreement
are that at the end of that period, it is up to Serbia and Montenegro whether they wish to stay together. The problem is not to abolish death. I believe that Commissioner Nielson is at present aware of those
problems. I am sure that they will act accordingly. I want to focus on just one aspect of this report or, more specifically, on a major omission from it. Opportunities are arising now to begin a process to
find political solutions. Mr Nichols was the honorary consul of Denmark and he also represented Finland, Norway and Switzerland in Rangoon. The June List is, in principle, well disposed to continued enlargement
of the EU, provided that the proposed Member States share the fundamental values that constitute the basis of the EU in terms of what it stands for. This correction - that is, that they voted against -
is accurately reflected in the Minutes but, obviously in part thanks to their party headquarters' intervening, the names of these Members do not appear anywhere in the record of the roll-call vote taken
on Amendment No 4. The intention is to create an arrangement for cooperation in communications relating to general crisis management and preceding decisions on operations. The Council's proposed regulation
falls well behind the existing means of supporting the CIS states. The Commission's spring forecast predicts that GDP growth in 2003 will not rise above 1% in the Euro area. The solution to this would be
a totally new paradigm in relation to work-life balance. This was what was needed, not worthy and inconsequential declarations, and it was this that the rapporteur was unable or unwilling to give ... In
Dublin, the Member States will draw up a list of the regions and cities which will participate in the pilot projects supported by the structural funds. On the international agreements, the Commission believes
that the proposal strikes the balance between internal and external policies, between international agreements and conservation, control and governance. We believe that in the European Union we need measures
both in the areas of macro and micro policy, and also supply-side and demand-orientated policies. Mr President, I would like to begin by welcoming the presence of the Commission and Council in the Chamber,
as well as the fruitful cooperation we have had so far with these two institutions, including in drafting this resolution. Before focusing on our concern over certain points, I would first like to state
that the right of access to information should be recognised as a civil and political right. This question relates to democratic responsibility. One of the important things here is for Structural Fund plans
and programmes to include financing programmes which identify funding available for individual measures and actions to improve equality of opportunities. I welcome the fact that the Commission has proposed
a regulation updating EU asylum law since, given current circumstances, this is urgently needed. Ladies and gentlemen, I do not want to see Europe remain a political dwarf and I certainly do not want another
war in the Western Balkans, at less than 1 500 km from here. I think that, now more than ever, the time has come to take decisions, and certainly at the next Council - a formal one this time - of the Ministers
for Agriculture, which will take place on 19 October in Luxembourg. So I very much hope that the administration in Strasbourg will ensure that we do not have to go through that again. Let us allow an accountable
mechanism to direct the evolution and the life of our soil. That is to say that the Treaty does not authorise the Commission to bring a State before the Court of Justice once the State has conformed to
European Union Law. The largest plantations belong to companies such as Finantara Intiga, a joint venture by two Indonesian companies and the Finnish concern ENZO FINLAND. The costs incurred by these new
restrictions would force many slaughterhouses and cutting rooms throughout the European Union to close down their business that has become increasingly difficult in the wake of the various crises that
we have experienced. All these issues must be seen against the background of a political dialogue with Algeria that has been relatively neglected in the past. But I would like to reassure Mrs Fraga Estévez
by telling her that the Commission has the firm resolve, when it negotiates similar Protocols in the future, to do as much as it can to safeguard Community employment as far as is possible. There are currently
around 3 200 such contract agents working for the Commission in its different sites. The PNA must instead go back to taking an active role, sit down at the negotiating table and resolve the ongoing disputes,
particularly over safe borders, on the status of Jerusalem and on the issue of refugees. Moreover, we wonder how such bilateral cooperation fits into the European security strategy and the NATO partnership. It
is therefore essential to set up a database. As far as the pandemic vaccine is concerned, and this is my last point, we need first of all to distinguish – as Mr Trakatellis quite rightly did – between the
seasonal influenza vaccine and the pandemic vaccine, which does not yet exist. Situation in Iraq We also decided yesterday in ECOFIN on the external representation of the euro. They also want to focus on
the external implications of employment and social policies, particularly in relation to the enlargement process. To address the immigration problem also means this: to dare to look at these non-Community
citizens threatened with expulsion or being expelled who, having entered the closely-guarded Schengen area, find themselves battling against recalcitrant administrations. However, the use of the term 'Caribbean
Europe' on page 11 of the report reflects both the problems that exist but also, in my view, a problem we have been carrying around with us since colonial days. It is very important for those of us who
have strong links with the developing countries to persuade them that it is in their interests to cooperate in discussions on matters such as trade and the environment; to explain that we do not have protectionist
intent in that direction and that we understand their feelings about our asking them to do what we can afford to do but which they feel they cannot afford to do. (HU) Commissioner, I will, of course, vote
in favour of the proposal, even though I am aware that this handout will not resolve the situation for farmers. Perhaps my slowness has fallen victim to its delightful speed. Unfortunately, unification has
not yet resulted in bringing financial costs down to a level comparable with what is the norm in the United&#160;States. Mr President, just now, before the vote on Article 4(2), Mr Rothley spoke and you
yourself gave a very clear interpretation of the vote which was going to be held. The initiatives proposed by Parliament, as Mr Fayot has already pointed out, are never followed up. There can be no excuse
or reason for events as ghastly as those we witnessed towards the end of the summer or for what took place on 11&#160;September in New&#160;York, or on 11&#160;March in Madrid. This will mean that the practice
in certain countries, where you pay as much to transport energy for 200 metres from a co-generation unit to a neighbour as you pay to transport energy for over 500 kilometres will change and this will
give small generators a real chance. · The safe and economically advantageous final disposal of metallic mercury. Many of you talked about money. A personal example of this is the earthquake which took place
in Italy a few years ago. However, that is not the only consequence if this directive is not adopted. Mr President, I would like to put on record - as I have often done before - that the cooperation we receive
from the Commission's departments is extremely good. We need to ensure greater freedom for our citizens by safeguarding cooperation between the Member States in pursuit of greater effectiveness. The excellent
work by the enquiry committee, the research work of our anti-fraud services Uclaf and Olaf, the Cigarette Fraud Task Force and the careful cooperation between customs and police services are now resulting
in major networks being rounded up. Of course I can happily confirm, as Mr Kreissl-Dörfler invited me to do, that the Commission will recommend to the Council that if there is an agreement that the Member
States and the Commission support, we will request the assent of the European Parliament before its enactment. I would finally like to draw attention to another element of this debate whose effects could
be entirely contrary to those pursued: the reduction of maximum densities, which are already laid down in the legislation. I genuinely believe that your experience will be of use to us in all our future
work. It is well worth setting up public advice centres for women, which offer women on-the-spot advice, help and mediation. I welcome the paragraph in question. We agree with this idea and our medium-term
objective is for the Kosovo budget to be able to fund itself. This year marks five years since Latvia became a member of the European Union and of NATO. I have tried to ensure that my recommendations on
this matter, both in the first and second readings, are in proportion to any likely damage. This causes great problems and I ask you, Commissioner, to really urge Romania to do something to counter this;
it would be in their own interests. In fact Venezuela is already partly on the right road, as we recently discovered from talks in situ. As an example, at the moment Portugal is prevented from concluding
international agreements to speed up judicial cooperation, including on issues relating to parental responsibility, maintenance obligations and divorce, as the Community is considered to have partially
acquired exclusive competence over these areas. First among them would no doubt have to be the way in which the European Union itself approved the intervention in Kosovo in 1999. We call on both sides to
put an immediate stop to the use of violence against civilians. The threat of terrorism, fed by jihadist fundamentalism, hangs over the whole world: more than ever, our efforts must be courageous and creative. Europe
has a responsibility to protect those people whose livelihoods have been built, at no fault to themselves, on a failing to value the long-term viability of the planet rather than short-term profit. It is
also regrettable that the market share approach, as proposed by the Commission in Options III and IV, is unattractive not only to those directly involved, but also to consumers' representatives. I sincerely
hope that before the summer this will be clarified. on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group. - (SV) First of all, our thoughts go out to the sons, brothers and loved ones who are now missing following the brutal
attack on the AMIS force. Unfortunately, both the SET Plan and the resolution just adopted, do not just offer an incomplete approach to the problem - both in terms of the technologies and energy sources
to be considered, and of the necessity to reduce consumption - but, above all, they still consider this investment as another good business opportunity (in which some, a select few, will earn a great deal,
to the detriment of many) rather than an environmental and energetic imperative to safeguard the common good of humanity. Our motto, 'United in diversity' is a testament to the importance of the diversity
of cultures, of customs, of beliefs and also of languages, to the construction of the Union. Subject: Fair distribution of CAP payments Since the stocks are already heavily exploited through fishing for
human consumption, the herring stock should be not be burdened by the addition of industrial fisheries. I must say at the outset that in the Commission there are no internal discussions on ceilings other
than the official proposal that was presented to you and to the Council. They are raped, abducted and kept as sex slaves. My support for it is mainly due to the lack of anything better. Meanwhile, many other
items have been added to the list of things which are weakening the Commission's position further. Violations due to the low profitability of methods using nets less than 2.5 km have given rise to persistent
protests and even a threat of trade sanctions from the United States, as a consequence of a judgment of the International Court of Trade. Well, when we talk about Africa, it would be hypocritical for us
to separate the things we say about humanitarian and aid issues from our behaviour at the Doha Round negotiating table, and I am not just talking about the European Union, I am talking about the whole
of the first world, that first world that has come together within the G8. We want to improve road safety. Then he uses this ridiculous word: the Commission ‘dictates’ laws. However, in order for this sort
of thing to be feasible, one of the preconditions is equal access for citizens to health services and equal provision of all efficient means. 1997 will be the first of five years during which, in all likelihood,
Europe will either come into being once and for all, or not at all. In the Council, of course - none of whose representatives are, alas, present - a balance must be found between those who would favour
an approach like that of the USA and those who want to see the precise opposite of that, that is to say, the reduction of quotas to create a free and open market right across the WTO, giving small and
medium-sized enterprises a chance everywhere. We are now therefore opening the door to poorly trained labour that may jeopardise port security. Promoting the whole field of books and reading requires far
more in the way of measures and resources than those provided for by this programme. However, if we take the example of Greece, tens and hundreds of thousands of citizens recently took to the square and
the streets around the Hellenic Parliament quite spontaneously, without being directed to do so, angrily calling for a decent standard of living and prospects. Then we are still faced with the "threat'
which we referred to earlier. Our Parliament was one of the initiators of the Charter - that is worth remembering - and the Charter should be placed at the heart of the European integration process. We support
its desire to be part of the European family and we would stress that the European Parliament is rooting for Bulgaria and its citizens. Therefore, this amending budget for the 2010 financial year encompasses
the creation of a new budget item 01 04 01 03 for the guarantee provided by the EU, and, correspondingly, a new Article 802 on the revenue side. We all need to do that, not Europe alone. I would like to
stress how inconsistent the Commission’s management of this issue of humane trapping has been. Something is happening as regards consumers' rights and the opening-up of the market: these are already actually
in place under the Treaties, but now they are to be officially applied, first in small doses of around a quarter to a third of the market, then to services in the general public interest. There are some
working documents in the Commission, drawn up by all its services, but they do not reflect the Commission's views. Although this basic rule is recognised by the Treaty in several places, for example in
Article 36 on the movement of goods, it is constantly flouted, including by the Court of Justice of the European Communities. The broadest possible support - indeed, unanimous support if possible - will
ensure that this advance provides the maximum number of benefits for European businesses and inventors. Any new regulation must cover all types of alcohol. Doping in sport is not simply an ethical problem. Unfortunately
the Commission is not really singing along with that. It has been on the agenda and has been discussed at every such meeting, and will be again. However, the fact that no decisions have been taken on the
future of the Galileo European satellite navigation project is a regrettable example of what we must avoid. As an Irish MEP, I am acutely aware of how we are being told to implement austerity measures and
the real fear is that this will smother any opportunity for growth. I do not see that such is the case at all; you decided that you did not want one, and the reason why you did so was that a majority of
you no longer saw it as politically acceptable. The agriculture ministers will be held to the instructions given by the Heads of Government in Vienna and at previous summits. Many theatres and theatre forms
have followers who unite in one way or another in 'friends of ?', and I believe that they too deserve a mention when the topic of supporting the dramatic arts is mooted. I am there in my capacity as Chair
of the Committee on Budgets, appointed by the Committee on Budgets to represent it within that body, just as the Chair of the Committee on Culture and Education represents her committee within that body. I
hope the Commission will also take this into account. Owing to their rarity, there is a delay in diagnosis, which means waiting for 1 to 5, or even up to 6 years. Subject to one reservation, the pre-accession
instruments have been agreed unanimously. Are we not well into 2008? The US Department of Homeland Security did not make the system known to the public, however, until 2 November this year, when the news
was published in a US official organ. I hope the President will push for this next month. It now has its own particular framework with the creation of the Euro-Latin American Parliamentary Assembly which
will give fresh impetus and incentive. As I said to you in London last week, I believe we are standing at the dawn of a new future. Throughout history there have been connections between the countries that
surround the sea, but cooperation aimed at the development of the region as a whole would take those relations to a new level. With commandos and informers? There was talk of money laundering, bribery, betting
and tax fraud, amongst others practices. I think the political will is there and we must now produce results in that area too. They did not work. In practice, cabin crew automatically receive conversion training
when changing from one aircraft type to another and the obligations for and the regulation of recurrent training are laid down in Article 5 and in the annexes to this directive. Today we find that Pakistan
finds itself at a crossroads. Despite this, I should like to identify two positive aspects today. The compromise now circulating among the big groups has introduced an extremely woolly concept, namely that
of social policy. From this point of view, I should emphasise and give thanks for the European Parliament's understanding as to the timetable requirements and again thank it for having agreed to deal with
this issue by an emergency procedure, despite the pressures which such procedure imposes on those committees concerned. Either we make Friday a proper working day or we do away with it. Nine weeks have now
passed and I have still not received an answer. Are the Iraqi authorities not doing just this? Each Member State will receive its share of the 500 million package in accordance with a distribution key which
has also already been agreed in Luxembourg. It is a definition that would lead to the authorities having to go out on a daily basis to count the number of bathers on the beaches. As one of the people who
was highly critical of Georgia's activities during the last war, I regret that Russia is not keeping to the agreements with Georgia, because this weakens Russia's position and its opportunities to play
a peacemaking role in this region. Ship-generated waste and cargo residues We should now move on with new instruments, such as project bonds and use European Investment Bank guarantees to make greater efforts
to enable investment. It is much too imprecise. They involve the handling of cross-border flows of goods between different states, not only within the European Union but also across the entire world. Mr President,
the Foreign Affairs Committee is particularly concerned with Category 4 of the Budget, but more importantly with the politically sensitive aspects of our external spending. How far would the Member State
have to go to restore free movement? Mr President, intergroups have a long and distinguished history in this Parliament. More or less one year ago, the Commission position, as you will all recall, was practically
the opposite. The initiatives of the African Union on peace and security, as well as actions against the illicit exploitation of natural resources, will be taken into account as part of this process. Our
vote in favour of this report means that we agree with the intentions expressed but only subject to these conditions. It is a recipe for defeat for the outcome of the IGC, but it is also a recipe for the
defeat of Europe. I think the report is so important because the European Parliament subscribes in it to the view that the European strategy represents a suitable way of extending relations between the
European Union and Turkey and that financial support is needed in order to implement the strategy. We know from experience that the mere fact of numbers complicates and slows down our decision-making process
but we are also numerous in thinking that the historic gamble of opening up to new democracies undoubtedly wins the day over any other considerations. Since this is a very important issue, a statement from
the Commission President would obviously be even better. Therefore I am recommending a negative vote in relation to these areas. Mr President, Madam Commissioner, Ombudsman, I am happy that we can discuss
the excellent reports by the European Ombudsman, and by Mr Newman and Mrs Thors, at peak listening time, as we say, because the matter fully deserves it. Against the backdrop of these challenges, the need
to develop common procedures for integrating migrants, and to devise common procedures over immigration policy appears both urgent and unavoidable. I am also in total agreement with her on the matter of
more involvement of local councils and local authorities. Consequently, the EU would be well advised to put forward the idea of holding an international conference like the Helsinki Conference, which gave
birth to the OSCE in 1975. Recommendation for 2nd reading by Mr Lehne (A4-0005/98) On the other hand, Amendments Nos 30, 31, 32, 36, 38, 39, 42, 48 and 49 aim to establish a list of vitamin preparations
which should be given priority for safety evaluation and eventual incorporation in the list of substances that may be used in the manufacture of food supplements. We discussed the same problem last year
in Angers during the French Presidency and, again, the health ministers insisted that each Member State should be free to decide for itself how many stocks it wanted. I have no idea who the author was,
but my father enjoyed reading it to me, and the fact that my maiden speech is about potatoes cannot be a coincidence. There is a serious veterinary problem and a specific medical problem, which is the spread
of the disease from livestock to humans. The enlarged Union will have to further intensify and deepen cooperation with its neighbours, but our security needs dictate that the new Member States should also
fully and effectively implement the Schengen rules when they join Schengen. I am therefore very disappointed that the Commission has not understood the vital role that culture plays in our European identity,
and I find it particularly serious that it felt able, on the basis of the interinstitutional agreement containing the financial perspective for 2007-2013, to approve such a tight budget, amounting to only
EUR 354 million, compared to the 600 million called for by the rapporteur and the 408 million proposed by the Commission. With the adoption of the Europe 2020 strategy, we have established, for the first
time, a global approach that combines an intelligent budgetary configuration with structural reforms, strengthened political and economic coordination, and the reform of our financial markets. The euro
is now a reality that is becoming more and more concrete every day, but that does not mean we can regard it without particular apprehension and attention. In this field, we must be far more enthusiastic
in our support of a number of initiatives, such as ‘Publish What You Pay’ or the initiative of the extractive industries, which nevertheless have the disadvantage of being based solely on voluntary participation. &#160;&#160;
Madam&#160;President, the Committee on Foreign Affairs is concerned about the cuts made by the Council in crucial areas relating to Europe’s influence in external matters. The central question is whether
the social security systems, which are very different but are all based on certain values, can deliver what was promised when they were first set up. When the ban on taking drinks and other liquid items
on board aircraft was introduced, we were assured that it was only a transitory requirement. Europe's relationship with Russia is a chance to further the principle of western democracy, which is a key element
in cooperation with other nations. Madam President, I should like to thank Mr von Boetticher for his report and remarks. Mr President, cattle in England was fed with the ground carcasses of animals and foreign
prions caused BSE. The report has not been discussed by the Council so any comments on it by myself would be premature. Here I can only reply to my UK colleague: if your police carried out checks over Christmas,
it would take these people off the roads and prevent the accidents. The Russians supply the arms. This includes a large number of measures in areas such as economic cooperation, environmental protection,
infrastructure, policies for small and medium-sized enterprises, tourism, and so on. We are also aware that our greatest virtues – such as freedom, respect for the individual and solidarity – can lead to
weaknesses in the fight against terrorism. At the last part-session here in Parliament, one of the topical and urgent subjects we dealt with related to General Makashov, who is a member of the Central Committee
of the Communist Party, who based part of his election campaign on the slogan 'Kill all Jews!', who is a member of the Duma and who has never been properly taken to task - as he should have been - for
his statements in the Duma. I am very grateful to my colleagues on the Committee on Budgets for their willingness to accept these proposals. The ACP-EU joint parliamentary assembly recently met in The Hague. Madam
President, if, a few months ago when I had the pleasure of appearing before you for the first time, I had told you that I would be able to announce on 1 March 2000 that the first meeting of the Political
Committee had been held today, that the Military Committee would be up and running within a week after that and that tomorrow the first members of the Military Staff would start to arrive at the building
which we are to use, many of you would surely have thought that the High Representative was going mad. The basic pursuit of common interests is being undermined by a longing for prestige and rivalry among
the various nations. The distribution will be even better than the current situation, as the biggest country gets fewer members whilst the smallest ones get more. There is also the tactical debate. I am pleased
to be able to do so on the occasion of this Conference of Presidents, where Mr Verhofstadt, the President-in-Office of the Council, will give us his account of the Laeken Summit and of a Belgian Presidency
that has been particularly outstanding. Above all, the Amsterdam Treaty describes the achievement of equality between women and men as one of the EU' s central tasks. The economic interests in the region
cannot allow us to make concessions on fundamental rights and freedoms. Parliament has long supported the greater involvement of public bodies other than those at the national level in planning Community
policies. I ask my fellow Members how they think 27 Member States will be able to agree unanimously on operational police decisions, with crime levels as they stand in Europe and with serious crime spiralling
out of control in certain sectors; on behalf of the PPE-DE Group. - (SK) I would like to say thank you for the work that has been done on this report by Mrs Figueiredo. I would ask the ladies and gentlemen
of the Council who are absent today - they have been very active this morning, talking on the telephone, and it seems that the storm has passed and things are calm, and they are still not here - to convey
the same message through the Commissioner. The needs of the new Member States are understood and accepted, but the report quite rightly points out that the more susceptible regions of the old Member States
should not be made to pay for the new cohesion policy. In relation to food security, the fight against disease, human rights and migration, especially support for more fragile states, we have also constantly
asked the Commission to do more and better for and with Africa. In this respect, my report is entirely consistent with the Chichester and Paparizov reports. I therefore support measures to reduce bureaucracy
which make the use of new technologies worthwhile and enhance the concept of the single European area, abolishing complex administrative procedures and ensuring further gains by reducing administrative
burdens. "I would like to stress again that the Commission has accepted all the Ombudsman's recommendations contained in his draft recommendations of July 1999". It has been a great source of democratic
commitment, a great sign of European support. Mrs. President, I should like to welcome the President-in-Office and to wish him well in his presidency and also to wish his people well. We cannot hand out
money with one hand and, with the other, take countries to court, where they may well be fined. &#160;&#160; Mr President, I should like to join with you in condemning these atrocious attacks on the Jewish
synagogues in Istanbul. Let us be more serious, please! Apart from a limited budget, the European Union has little political interest in Tajikistan. It is a great credit to these soldiers and to the Iranian
Government that they have tried to stem the flow of heroin destined for the streets of Europe. Mr President, my one-minute allocation in the previous debate did not give me enough time to congratulate the
rapporteur, Mrs Miguélez Ramos, for the work she did and the manner in which she did that work. I think this sends out a positive signal for environmental policy, and an especially positive signal for the
enlargement of the European Union. This proposal is under examination by the Council and the European Parliament. &#160;&#160; Mr President, I have great respect for Spain, which is one of my favourite places
in Europe. With an Energy Commissioner with the negotiating clout of the Trade Commissioner. We reaffirm our opposition both to commercial and industrial secrecy and to the so-called State secrets, which
are not so much aimed at protecting the State against a third country as at concealing the actions, including the most disgraceful actions, of the State institutions from their own populations. I once again
thank the rapporteur and can assure you that I will support most of your amendments during the discussions in the Council. Mr President, I should like to say to President Sarkozy: The most recent countries
to have joined the EU are discovering a Union that is less united than it was in their predecessors’ day, as demonstrated by the stingy draft budget. This sounds fine and I am sure the Member States will
welcome that. Because of the discussions which have taken place following the action by Parliament and the Council of Ministers, I feel that we are now close to that goal. We share the suffering of the people
of Zimbabwe, but we are also dreaming that democracy will ultimately prevail. It was buried, in Charleroi, where, several months later, the bodies of young girls were being exhumed, who had been tortured
and murdered. The current system of direct aid under the CAP was justified in the medium-term to prevent falls in farmers' incomes. We have not yet completed our discussion of this subject and I understand
your question perfectly, and agree that it is pertinent. The Treaty of Lisbon, the Copenhagen climate conference and a vigorous approach to tackling the financial and economic crisis are the three great
issues that you will have to deal with over the coming six months, and if we can bring them to a successful conclusion, Europe really could take a quantum leap forwards. This is about road safety. This is
why energy follows the economic trends of any given society. That is why we can send our citizens a very clear message right now. International financial institutions have no depositors, however. It is this
certainty of punishment that can help to prevent similar actions in the future and pave the way for reconciliation following violent clashes. The Presidency has emphasised on several occasions that effective
action against terrorism and the protection of human rights are complementary and mutually supportive goals. They must be able to measure sustainability but, above all, the impact on the economy of that
country, to appreciate the quantitative change in employment figures, to appreciate the rate of innovation of small-scale fishing and to appreciate the use of these resources. I believe that not just in
the European Parliament and the Commission, but also at ministerial level and the level of Heads of State, constant attention needs to be paid to Belarus and the situation in it, because Belarus is a country
that shares a border with the EU. I draw attention to the fact that this fundamentally challenges the independence of the Ukrainian judiciary in the eyes of the world. The role of the presidency, not just
the Greek Presidency, but any presidency, is not to decide what the European Union's position is. It is mainly women, young people and immigrants who get caught up in this system. I think that the atmosphere
is important, but as a basis for reaching sound agreements. First, that timetable needs to be examined. The border conflict between Chad and Sudan is making the situation worse. Because Europe is facing every
larger waste streams of discarded electrical and electronic equipment. Madam President, Commissioner, I have just been listening to what you have been saying about the enlargement of the EU. So I am afraid
we have settled in a sense for second best. We have supported some of the rapporteur's proposals, specifically the inclusion of rye on the list of cereals eligible for intervention and the references made
to protecting the Community preference, but we do not accept the principle of decoupling aid from production for the cereals sector. Just lately, there has been a proliferation of these new agencies: a
European Maritime Safety Agency, a European Aviation Safety Agency etc. On the other we force drivers out to the suburbs, to the big shopping centres, so that they no longer come into town. Many people in
the EU nowadays ask themselves the same vexed question every day: when will it hit me? I want to make that very clear - including to some members of my own group; We stress the importance of establishing
a regional research and education network in the wider Black Sea region and its link to GEANT, and call on the Commission to continue to support research projects in the region. I hope that you, on behalf
of the entire Parliament, will once again be prepared to voice this at the Gothenburg Council this week, particularly at a time when President Bush is visiting Europe. The fact that widespread starvation
has never occurred in a democracy is seldom pointed out by anyone. I believe I may say without any arrogance but with a certain pride that it was my group that kept pointing out that we need both: the offer
of talks and the threat of force. According to the legal framework established for the Dot.EU Registry, the Commission is not responsible for deciding on the interpretation of national law in connection
with the validation of prior rights. We need to look at the employment needs of carers. We have to have the courage to say that the occupying armies are an element producing insecurity and not security. That
is why I would reply to Dagmar Roth-Behrendt that the question is not of patients' right of movement within the European Union, which is a self-evident, fundamental right. This means that equal attention
should be paid to the provision of support to other forms of regional cooperation which serve to foster and develop a community of interest, such as cooperation in transport, communications, energy etc. Which
country will experience the greatest demographic problems by the year 2020, without even daring to talk about 2050? It is permissible to doubt. The purpose of the directive is to ensure that the principles
of the internal market on the one hand - freedom to provide services, in this case - and of economic and social cohesion on the other are not mutually exclusive. The industry, to be fair, has made giant
strides in reducing both the number of animal tests and the number of animals used in such tests. Chinese Walls can be useful if they are enforced properly. My presence makes the percentage slightly higher
today, but that is because the Chamber is empty. It is impossible either to deport or to assimilate several hundred thousand people, and so they must be given their EU rights. I visited Zagreb in early March
and found that Croatia's European vocation was strong enough to settle this problem if it was hampering the accession negotiations. The proposal for a Marine Strategy Directive, which seems desirable and
long-awaited, must enable the current political framework for the protection of the marine environment in Europe to be expanded and strengthened. We have no difficulty with the "polluter pays" principle
in relation to the recovery of costs on water usage at industrial, commercial and agricultural level. Why not set up a high level working group directly? And finally, Mrs Bonino, will there be a seventh
amendment to the cosmetics directive in the near future? So I hope that from now on we will make a resolution to practice what we preach, in particular in two directions. Major problems, I was saying: the
Constitution, first of all. It is regrettable that we are not taking advantage of this opportunity for an in-depth examination of the consequences of implementing neoliberal and monetarist policies - using
the euro as an excuse - which have contributed to the current serious social situation and to increasing inequality, unemployment, precarious and poorly paid work, and poverty. Firstly, by providing further
clarification on the conditions for exempting certain imports of goods, and, secondly, by creating the legal basis for allowing cross-border joint and several liability for traders failing to fulfil their
reporting obligations. In our view, a reduction in Parliament’s budget below the agreed 20% cannot be envisaged until such time as the policy of purchasing various premises for Parliament to have a presence
and to carry out its work has come to an end. The social area was totally overlooked. Can we not come to a conclusion at the Conference of Presidents that there will be a fixed voting time every day there
is a sitting so that we all know where we stand, the President in the chair can cut people off at the right time and, if necessary, the debate can be adjourned so Members can come back after the votes? Mr
President, Commissioner, President-in-Office of the Council, I would like to start by thanking the rapporteurs for their excellent reports. on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group. - (DE) Madam President, time
and again this Parliament has had to struggle with a very lax attitude to democracy on the part of the European Council. What effect do the scanners have on the health of passengers who are scanned? The
committee has adopted a number of amendments that balance Community and national interests. the oral question to the Commission by Udo Bullmann, on behalf of the S&amp;D Group, on credit rating agencies
- B7-0309/2010), In all the committees in Parliament which were involved, there is majority support for making competitiveness a criterion. So, Commissioner, while appreciating what you have done already,
I would like you to explore further the possibilities there. We ought not even today to conceal this fact. I would like to express my opinion on this matter, maybe from a slightly different perspective. We
are now satisfied on three of these points but we still need guarantees on the other two. Let us make use of the fact that the EU is an economic giant. This is currently under threat as a result of the worrying
decline in the number of beekeepers, more than half of whom are over 60 years old, and really has reached crisis point in certain regions. These are the democratic, peaceful forces which should have been
supported by the international community. In conclusion, I shall say once again that I do not share the reservations about the coins having national faces. You said that a decision was taken on 9 November
during the bi-annual consideration of the question. We must differentiate between the indiscriminate capture of specimens that takes place in the case of purse seining - which is even worse when fleets
go over the limits, exceed their quotas, which are not sufficiently monitored, as some people pointed out - and traditional fishing with fixed nets. It provides for 33 % of crews to be Senegalese. Regrettably
the idea of proposing an action plan for the least developed countries, which would also include this measure, is a very informal one. We all agree that the text of the common position is far from satisfactory,
since we all share the concern to ensure the highest possible standards of safety and service, whilst respecting social imperatives. In the same paper, the Commission also set the objective of mitigating
the problems connected with poverty in Europe over the next ten years. That is necessary in order to remove the paralysis currently affecting the proposals contained in these resolutions. This was an independent
panel of international scientists from 12 countries convened by the World Health Organisation. But above all this is an issue for the state authorities. It is in this spirit that we will therefore reserve
our final vote, in view of the votes that will be cast on the various amendments. In addition, the guidelines should indicate unambiguously that the 30% threshold in the relevant market has been calculated
to take account of sales of the supplier' s own brand to the retailer or distributor. One single cause underlies all this behaviour, namely, the Commission’s belief in itself as the sole possessor of a
superior truth. The favourable investment climate for foreign companies created by the Dutch government in the 1990s gives swindlers and tax evaders elbow-room. Here, action and information are closely interrelated,
since the extent and intensity of the behavioural change needed has to match the accuracy of the available scientific data. With respect to the first question on Serbia, of course Serbia is the strongest
country in the Western Balkans, which we must always truly take into account in any policy, in this instance, the policy on the European perspective, which is the European Union policy regarding the Western
Balkans. That is the criterion which underlies the Commission's proposal, and it would not seem possible to apply a geographical criterion. Member of the Commission. - Madam President, the Commission is
paying close attention to the democratic and human rights situation in Egypt, which is one of our partners in the European neighbourhood policy. Therefore, I believe we should do more to support democratically
elected governments and help them to reinforce the mechanisms in their countries for distributing the aid and making sure that the money donated is widely used. on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group. - (IT) Mr
President, ladies and gentlemen, I am a doctor who has been working with AIDS for twenty years and I have to say that, frankly, I would have expected much more detailed and pragmatic proposals from the
Commission. I am going to anticipate slightly, and ask our colleagues if there are any objections. I also wanted to take the opportunity to say that what takes place in Canada and has nothing to do with
the Inuit is not a hunt as we understand it but a slaughter of animals, not a hunt in the true sense of the word. There may be a wider range of choice for users, but only for those clients capable of paying. But
what a path has been trodden since this demand by the European Parliament! There was an urgent need, therefore, to plug the legal gap that exists in some European countries, such as Spain, where, incidentally,
the largest brothel has just opened a few kilometres from the French border. Compliance with the international regulations laid down by the different agreements is strengthened by the introduction of measures
requiring Member States to exclude vessels from fishing if they are found to be involved in a serious infringement or if they have been placed on a list for taking part in illegal, unreported and unregulated
fishing. And that, ladies and gentlemen, covers the Community instruments, which offer many opportunities for very practical intervention. Thirdly, however, Mr President, we in the European Parliament have
objections to the procedure proposed by the Council. We ourselves also have to observe the rules that we signed up to when the WTO was founded. I do not believe that the problems caused by car traffic relate
to the White Paper, as it focuses more specifically on public transport, be it passenger or goods transport. The new regulations must pay heed to the concerns of SMEs and European car manufacturers, which
are asking for the gradual introduction of the pollution limits to start after 2015, as the vehicles which will be sold in 2014 are already at the development and production stage. I am delighted to say
that the Committee on Petitions had a recent meeting with the Danish presidency at which the presidency expressed its willingness to look at the new interinstitutional agreement. If circumstances allow,
a criminal court judge shows conditional leniency. I have no comments to make. I would, moreover, recommend that you raise the problem in the context of the business dialogue and talk to the businesses themselves
in order to see whether it might not be possible to come to an understanding, so that the OECD guidelines to which you have referred are actually implemented in practice, rather than being set aside by
various states – in this case Kansas, although any other might well have done likewise. The EU's aim is to ensure reciprocity by the US in the liberalisation of air transport, in particular with regard
to removing 'the existing legal restrictions on foreign ownership and control of US airlines and on cabotage' and also with regard to the 'right of establishment' and 'State aid'. Another important point
is that we want planning to take place right at the beginning, before the closure phase. And therefore, ladies and gentlemen, I believe that you will support the proposal for us to make the greatest possible
use of independent studies into the use of resources and the organisation of work. This follows on from a decade-long conflict, which has cost 11&#160;000 lives. We will also need to factor these changing
movements into basic rights for those who cross the Mediterranean and settle in Europe. This is why we need to set an example and lead the way in improving effectiveness, transparency and accountability,
as outlined by the rapporteur. For the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats), an end to the crisis and the creation of jobs cannot be achieved by more public spending but by an economic,
fiscal and environmental regime that is favourable to enterprises, especially small and medium-sized enterprises. I do not have the final exact figure on Bangladesh but I will obtain it for you. However,
this is just off the top of my head. Democracy means bearing with each other on a daily basis and the right to get involved in elections. Mr President, there is a fundamental requirement that should always
be made of a constitution, irrespective of whether it is a national constitution or the constitution of the European Union. I am not hopeful. The European Parliament's participation is all the more justifiable
since, in addition to the obvious budgetary implication of such measures - suspending funding - this would also have a negative impact on the very efforts of convergence itself. It is true that today, we
are talking about macro-financial assistance, therefore, with clearly defined objectives, which will undoubtedly improve the financial room for manoeuvre so that we can tackle the other difficulties such
as those which you have raised during tonight' s debate. A second matter which is very important to me was addressed by Mr Brok. We will continue to focus EU-US relations on what we can and should achieve
together. The bottom line in relation to every aspect of the application of GMO technology, particularly in food production, is transparency, consumer information and accurate labelling. The Commission's
proposal rightly limits these practices, which often boil down to no more than double taxation. An agency may perhaps have been established that later proves to have completed its role. I, too, would ask
the Commission to take greater account of the special nature of the cultural sector in all policies relating to the internal market, competition, trade, business, and research and development. Even though
we still have no right of codecision on agricultural policy, I would nonetheless caution the Commission against being too obstinate. The next item is the report (A4-0006/98) by Mr Fayot, on behalf of the
Committee on the Rules of Procedure, the Verification of Credentials and Immunities, on inserting a new Rule 79a on the procedure for delivering opinions pursuant to Article 109j of the EC Treaty. Ladies,
this marks the end of the small financial advantage you enjoy for being more careful drivers and for living longer. It is very important to develop a framework to ensure transparency and coordinate actions
so as to prevent child trafficking for illegal adoption. The European Council accepted our proposals in general and gave us a mandate to negotiate on the institutional and financial chapters still open. What
is remarkable is the increase in fraud cases in several Member States of the EU. Firstly, I would like to address a few words to those Members who are concerned about the question of effective control. Among
the various forms of organised insecurity, there is one that is more difficult to eradicate than others: domestic employees. The as yet unsettled dispute between Iceland and the Netherlands and Great Britain
may be viewed as another possible obstacle to Icelandic membership. There is clearly room for improvement. It is not the state which creates jobs, but it must create a regulatory framework for job creation
and this is what we need to focus on. He could have avoided armed conflict by putting an end to his bloody dictatorship, as was suggested to him until yesterday afternoon not just by many Members of Parliament
but by the Government of Saudi Arabia and other Arab countries too. We consider that, in preference to the new measures proposed by the rapporteur, it is necessary first and foremost to make the control
measures and mechanisms stipulated in existing legislation effective and practical, in conjunction with further measures to be deliberated between Member States, including some proposed by the rapporteur. The
situation was exactly the same in 1985, when the accession negotiations with Spain and Portugal were concluded. It is the third largest. (EL) Madam President, indeed, as my honourable friends have said,
only 11 Member States out of 27 have ratified this very important convention banning the use, production, storage and transportation of cluster munitions. I feel that I must outline the nature of the Camp
David Summit talks and the attitudes which informed them. And parliaments cannot make such compromises as we unfortunately must sometimes accept on the part of governments. But will anything actually come
of it at all? The point of this programme is to build up a reasonable administration, to build up a reasonable infrastructure and to build up reasonable, self-perpetuating economic growth, thereby creating
the conditions needed to bring about lasting stability and peaceful coexistence between people and ethnic groups. The other thing is anonymity versus traceability. Being, however, a woman who has been politically
active for a long time and has always worked, I have to say that this issue of equality of opportunity is one of which I have, of course, always had personal experience, and real equality of opportunity
is something I have always been committed to, so I can tell Mrs&#160;Niebler that I am very glad to be doing this today. After more than twenty years of violence and repression, the people there were able
at last to choose their own future; yet, the choice they made in freedom, to go down the road of independence, was punished with a brutality of which history has scarce seen the like. We have one of the
highest landfill records in Europe. The Irish, as Guy Verhofstadt said, returned a 67% vote, which is a large majority, because reality caused them to see clearly. However, the Court of Auditors should indicate
more clearly what exactly the Commission has to do in order for it to be supplied. I am therefore, as you know, truly keen for Parliament to be involved. We can help finance climate action in the developing
world. The same ideas about the greatest possible transparency were expressed in Mr Cashman' s report which we adopted with a broad majority two weeks ago in Strasbourg. I would like to stress that the excellent
cooperation between our institutions enabled this regulation to be adopted quickly. With this resolution, the European Parliament aims to encourage Persian editors in their fight for freedom of the press
and to banish all fears at the writing desks. The answer is not to subsidise its private owners with money that we will never see again. Another of the Commission's responsibilities is the combating of environmental
contamination. And it will also continue to encourage the Member States to adopt the necessary measures to reduced problems created by late payments. Funding and support are not enough when facing the destruction
of linguistic diversity. Of course, the Council must be credited in 2000 with the decision to set up the refugee fund and mutually recognise civil court judgments, such as in divorce cases. Throughout the
debates in Parliament and in the Council, the Commission has maintained its position on the importance of mandatory targets, for both the overall target and for the public sector target. While the aim to
increase transparency in the European institutions has my full support, there are three main points in this Regulation which I feel warrant further examination. What is really a cause for anxiety is that
the virtual absence of progress in terms of political union in Amsterdam might actually lead to enlargement transforming the Community into nothing more than a free-trade zone although - let's not forget
- one with a brand-new single currency and 20 million unemployed. Instead, it approaches the capital market for SMEs from the point of view of potential savings as part of the financial and monetary speculation
manipulated by transnationals. Furthermore, we affirm this Parliament's resolution in January this year on combating the phenomenon of street children by 2015. I hope that the European Parliament' s views