But the ease with which we now communicate , the efficiencies we take for granted , can give us a false sense of how easy it is to follow through on some of these changes . [ Those ] who roam unchallenged
have become … … partners … in a war against the country itself . ” A bronze sculpture of the British prime minister had been in the Oval Office of the White House since the 1960 s ’ . It might help harmonize
the foreign policies of the member states . But it is no revolutionary document . Vladimir Putin s massive electoral triumph ’ in this week ’ s Duma elections has put the lie to that notion . The EU s Rules
’ to Default By This brings us back to the conundrum of correlation versus causation . This goal is laid out in the Copenhagen Accord , which now has the agreement of 140 countries . Thus , nuclear power
will halt the decline in government revenues by freeing more oil and natural gas for export . Many people can drive a cab , including many who are unemployed , but not so many can get permission to do so
in many major cities in Europe and the US . Serious , long-term economic consequences would follow . Devices like small-scale water-filtration systems , portable heart monitors , and low-cost tablet computers
are already dramatically improving the lives of the world s poorest citizens ’ and helping to level the economic playing field . The powerful research tools that we now have to uncover the underlying basis
of childhood cancers could fundamentally change how we treat children with these dreaded diseases . For a limited number of childhood cancers , there are new drugs that can target the fundamental drivers
of malignancy . He hopes that with a few months , he can then withdraw American troops to the periphery of Baghdad and leave the policing of the capital to Iraqi forces . But this assumes that Iraqi forces
are up to the task , and that Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki s government ’ , which rests upon Shiite militia support , can play a competent and evenhanded role . Countries have accumulated large reserves
in order to insure against shocks . If these two peoples can find common ground to create two states , both democratic and free , after decades of bitterness and bloodshed , the region would have an enormously
powerful model of hope . North and South Korea must begin the work of reconciliation and community-building on their own initiative , as France and Germany did in 1952 . Economics must once again outflank
politics , with trade , investment , tourism , and technology transfer intensifying across the 38th Parallel . “ The notion that you can somehow selectively resolve the Al Qaeda problem while ignoring the
larger jihadist sea in which [ Al Qaeda ] swims has failed in the past and will fail in the future , ” Riedel argues . Finally , once the crisis hit , leading to a re-pricing of risks in financial markets
, the need to avoid an economic and financial meltdown compelled governments to support aggregate demand and make private liabilities whole . This may take time . The level of political corruption in America
is staggering . The French , he alleged , being from a Latin culture , have a more liberal understanding of sexual behavior . But there is another , darker side to this craving , which is the wish to see
idols dragged through the mud in vicious gossip magazines , divorce courts , and so on . This is the vengeful side of our fawning , as though the humiliation of worshipping idols must be balanced by our
delight in their downfall . Perhaps more than any other aspect of our work , the struggle for human rights resonates with our global constituency , and is deeply relevant to the lives of those most in need
– the tortured , the oppressed , the silenced , and the victims of “ ethnic cleansing and injustice ” . Political movements of the extreme right have traditionally fed on anti-immigration sentiment . But
the Greek , Irish , Portuguese , and other bailouts , together with the euro s troubles ’ , have given them fresh ammunition . By holding out , Republicans wish to force President Barack Obama s administration
’ into massive spending cuts . As manufacturing wages rise and labor intensity falls , Asia will need to rely more on services to create jobs for the millions of people who join the workforce each year
. Trouble in the Sudan would , by necessity , spill over its frontiers , and vice versa . As of September 2012 , Shanghai was home to 393 MNCs regional headquarters ’ . But Cyprus , Malta , and Slovakia have
since followed suit in making the euro their currency . Studies show that , decades down the line , these children would be more productive , make more money , have fewer kids , and begin a virtuous circle
of dramatic development . Thirty million jobs in Europe ( about 10 % of the total work force ) depend on foreign trade . But financial markets are in no mood to give Greece time , which brings us to the
second major problem facing the country . Also , if exit occurs by selling the long-term assets purchased during QE , a sharp increase in interest rates might choke off recovery , resulting in large financial
losses for holders of long-term bonds . One illustration makes the case vividly . Controlling disease requires a health system that can deliver life-saving medications and basic preventive services such
as bed-nets to fight malaria and vitamins to fight nutritional deficiencies . In this way , a substantial part of the money they had raised would go to the most effective charity in each category , while
simultaneously encouraging transparency and rigorous evaluation . To me , this makes sense , but such policies should be anathema to the EU s free-market advocates ’ . Yellow karate-blood Meanwhile , a group
of women provided the latest sign of domestic restiveness by defying the Kingdom s prohibition ’ against women drivers . Since 2002 , many efforts have been made to improve women s lives ’ in Afghanistan
. The country has enacted several new laws and established a fairly advanced legal framework to end discrimination against women , including a new law that criminalizes any act that results in violence
against women . Many members of this group honor the institution of private property , and Ahmadinejad s talk ’ of redistributing wealth is not to their liking . Will China hold together ? Yes , living online
takes a little more thought than living offline . Because of their limited participation in international financial markets , these countries have , so far , been somewhat shielded from the storm . But
it is an uneasy calm that probably will not last . In fact , there is evidence that this is now happening . Unfortunately , the reality is that the Global Fund – and I suspect , other development-assistance
programs – will bear the brunt of their rage . Corruption , indeed , now seems to be the society s engine ’ . As individuals , we appear to view a gamble that has a roughly 50 % chance of doubling our wealth
and a roughly 50 % chance of halving it as worthy of consideration – not a no-brainer , but not out of the question , either . Well-functioning financial markets would mobilize that risk-bearing capacity
and put it to use for the benefit of all , so that people who did not think that they could run the risks of stock ownership could lay that risk off onto others for a reasonable fee . These transformations
are the result of both scale and innovation . But they have been set in motion without concentrated government efforts . Many of the new post-communist societies – consumed with revenge , resentment , and
raw struggles for power and status – became breeding grounds for aggressive nationalism . Similar efforts have been underway for years in the US . Instead , the talks with the Russians seem to have run aground
on the question of calling a conference among the warring parties to agree on elections . Don t Follow ’ The Fed This requires , first and foremost , superseding the cognitive dissonance whereby Israel dreams
of engagement with the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt but refuses that path with the Brothers Gazan offspring ’ , Hamas . Since then , work-time has steadily declined . The Slovak government is still in power
, but it has lost its majority and could fall soon . Maritime cooperation was a focus of attention at both the ARF ministerial meeting and at the EAS , not least because China s activities ’ in the South
and East China Seas have generated fresh uncertainty in the region . The ARF welcomed the adoption of “ Guidelines for Implementation of the Declaration on the Conduct of Parties in the South China Sea
. ” Most of those in the top reaches of not only the civil service and the judiciary , but also politics , business , and academia used to be graduates of the famous grandes écoles . Of course , it is true
that in theory one can oppose Israel s policies ’ without being anti-Semitic . After all , there are enough critics of Israel s policies ’ among Israelis . But the biggest change in Earth s energy budget
’ by far over the past hundred years is due to the accumulation in our atmosphere of greenhouse gases , which limit the exit of heat into space . Second , this poor performance shows how short-sighted the
international community can be . Global responsibility to assist developing nations goes far beyond the MDGs – in both time and scale . But the CIA has made mistakes before . If combined with continued senior-level
engagement , such an approach could make or break the deal . A big pile of green-growth reports demonstrates the plausibility of this path to recovery from an historic economic crisis . All such promises
in history have ended either at the gates of the gulag or , as in Egypt and Tunisia , with the deceived masses cathartic overthrow ’ of the rulers . In none of the Arab monarchies have protesters gone
after the king ’ s head ; their demand is for limits on absolute power , not an end to the monarchy . The international consensus about the urgent need to pacify and rebuild Liberia - with UN leadership
guided by a united Security Council - is in line with global responses to peace accords in many other national and regional conflicts , from East Timor , Cambodia , and Mozambique to Liberia 's neighbors
Sierra Leone and Cote d 'Ivoire . The United Nations is too large to serve this purpose , and the most obvious candidate for the group , the G-20 , is not representative . There is , however , a representative
alternative – the International Monetary and Financial Committee ( IMFC ) , a group of finance ministers and central bank governors that meets twice a year to advise the International Monetary Fund . Learning
the Lessons of Iraq Even in Europe , the numbers confessing to a belief in God remain high . And , of course there are hundreds of millions of Hindus and still solid numbers of Sikhs and Jews . Most successful
modern football clubs are as mixed as Benetton advertisements , with coaches and players from all over the globe , but this seems to have done nothing to diminish the enthusiasm of local supporters . In
some countries , football is the only thing that knits together disparate people , Shia and Sunnis in Iraq , or Muslims and Christians in Sudan . Constructive economic engagement will benefit ordinary North
Koreans , who have suffered as much as any people on Earth since the Cold War s end ’ . Greater heat also speeds the rate at which pathogens inside them reproduce and mature . As low-quality products sell
at the same price as high-quality products , the latter disappear from the market . Others began apolitically , but have come to believe that there can be no environmental protection without political change
. Clearly , on the nuclear issue , a return to the situation in 2003 is impossible . We would suggest , for example , an issue of SDR150-250 billion annually ( approximately $ 240-390 billion at current
exchange rates ) . The slim majority , and the clear differences between the two political camps , will assure a robust two-party system in the future . As a result , China s calculations ’ about North Korea
will remain complicated , even as the risks posed by the North s behavior rise ’ . It is doubtful that this Duma will be able to pass necessary constitutional reforms aimed at restricting the President
's power and making Parliament and the President more accountable . This reliable funding source has spearheaded the fight on the three health-related MDGs : treating and fighting life-threatening diseases
like HIV / AIDS , malaria , and tuberculosis ; reducing childhood mortality ; and improving maternal health . Before the crisis , some thought risk premia for developing countries were irrationally low
. His crimes would neither be forgiven nor forgotten . Martin Čihák of the International Monetary Fund reported in July 2007 that , of 47 central banks found to publish financial stability reports ( FSRs
) , “ virtually all ” gave a positive overall assessment “ of their domestic financial system ” in their most recent reports . Ordinarily , a sharp rise in oil prices quickly translates into higher inflation
expectations , followed by rising interest rates at all maturities . With the Taliban on the run , sighs of relief can be heard as far away as Indonesia . Still , on the whole , just as citizens of democratic
states tolerate the government that won the last election , they usually accept economic solidarity as a part of nationhood . Many of these workers became early supporters of both the anti-slavery and the
women ’ s rights movements , while middle-class women were energized by ( and sometimes envious of ) working women ’ s vigorous participation in the public sphere . Global warming is a case in point . The
neuroeconomic revolution has passed some key milestones quite recently , notably the publication last year of neuroscientist Paul Glimcher s book Foundations ’ of Neuroeconomic Analysis a pointed variation
– on the title of Paul Samuelson s 1947 classic work ’ , Foundations of Economic Analysis , which helped to launch an earlier revolution in economic theory . Given the sluggish recovery , Bernanke could
have gone even further and argued that the Fed is the one who has it right . As much as we may sympathize with young would-be millionaire traders , does their story of oppression make any sense ? Could
it be true that huge government investors from Asia ( not to mention Russia , Latin America , and the Middle East ) have quietly taken control of world markets ? Russia cannot withstand another four years
of plunder and destruction . The large number of long-term unemployed may make the problem more difficult this time by causing the unemployment rate to remain high even when product markets are beginning
to experience rising inflation . In a few weeks , this flexibility “ ” will be used up . First , in contrast to the dot-com boom , it is difficult to identify the technological shock “ ” that set off the
boom . Errors in medical and legal decision-making have also been linked to specific irrational thinking tendencies that psychologists have studied . So it is no surprise that the American public and the
US Congress are angry . Despite the social reforms the left likes to trumpet about Cuba , its literacy rate was higher before Castro came to power , and racism against the black population was less pervasive
. The Fall of the House of Murdoch Any central bank facing deflation should commit itself in advance to a price-level target and pursue actions that convince the private sector that the commitment is genuine
. The reasons are simple and brutal . Reading the press of late , you might conclude that all Harmid Karzai , Afghanistan 's chief , needs to pacify his country is an expanded international peacekeeping
presence and faster delivery of aid . Israel is also considering a suspension of transfers of Palestinian tax and customs revenues , and has threatened to annex parts of the West Bank . But , when it comes
to the MFF , Europe ’ s national leaders appear not to be listening closely . Nor do they say much about the obvious dividends that such spending could provide , from the United Kingdom in the west to
the EU s newest candidate country ’ , Croatia , in the east . Sometimes , such as when violence was recently used to quell South Chinese peasants protesting official land grabs , the CCP still shows its
willingness to use “ boot-on-the-face suppression ” . Still , there have been more moments lately that favor Huxley s vision ’ of political order over that of Orwell . But a family s wishes ’ should not
override doctors ’ ethical responsibility to act in the best interests of their patients . The Kuwaiti model may be risky , but the alternative – simply ignoring the need for change – could prove fatal
. Nothing is guaranteed . If Germany no longer Europeanizes its more narrowly defined national interests , but pursues them as others do , the result will be a re-nationalization within the EU . There are
two broad strategies for unraveling the linked problems of current-account and saving-investment imbalances . A large majority of the UN adopted the proposal on 15 November , despite attempts by some member
states to obstruct , amend , or bury it . How , then , can one respect both traditions ? More progressive taxation , in effect redistributing income from the top to the middle and bottom , would simultaneously
reduce inequality and increase employment by boosting total demand . Higher taxes at the top could generate revenues to finance needed public investment , and to provide some social protection for those
at the bottom , including the unemployed . In particular , indefinite detention without trial needs to be addressed to avoid the recurrence of problems . They do not address the root cause of the problem
, which is much deeper than a pricing issue . Unfortunately , their suggestions for accomplishing this are unclear . Indeed , the left has won in countries in which it has previously never held power . But
China s national interest ’ is to ensure that Hong Kong remains a first-rate city , modern and open . Perhaps the entry of the United States into the ( European ) war had something to do with the post-war
order . But there were actually two views about that order . As one Kosovo Liberation Army commander warned , “ If we kill one KFOR soldier a day , these cowards will leave . ” But the rewards of scientific
discovery are worth it : technology advances , and the world can become much better for it . Once authorities complete their feasibility studies and the diversion scheme begins , the project will be presented
as a fait accompli . Relations with India have improved , the Kashmir insurgency supported by Pakistan has been scaled back , a women s protection bill ’ was passed in the teeth of Islamic opposition ,
and a virulent public school curriculum that emphasized jihad and martyrdom has been toned down . America ’ s difficulties in Iraq and beyond contributed decisively to Iran s nuclear ambitions ’ . The Iranians
now see themselves as immune from an American attack on their nuclear installations , for America ’ s troubles in Iraq and the growing opposition to the war in the US are a signal to them that America
s strategy ’ of pre-emptive wars has failed . A shadow or actual International Monetary Fund program would vastly enhance the credibility of a policy of fiscal retrenchment and structural reforms . Under
the former , the European Commission would impose fiscal and structural conditionality on Greece , while the EU and / or ECB would provide financing , which would be absolutely necessary , because announcing
even the best conceived reform program would not be sufficient to restore lost policy credibility . Now , in the immediate wake of the Russia-Georgia crisis , Turkey ’ s leaders have stepped forward once
again to take a leadership role in the Caucasus . America ’ s “ fiscal cliff , ” for example , was long in coming , but we are scrambling to avoid it only now . So we should take early stock of the fact
that there is another problem coming our way , which may be called ( to give it the resonance of a coming storm ) Edward the European Debt Wall – “ and Repayment Deadline . ” On the one hand , the EU has
always claimed to support the ' unification of Europe ' . Nonetheless , with Japan s economy ’ just beginning to recover from more than 15 years of stagnation , such a steep consumption-tax hike is not
advisable . The bottom line is that while many are called , few are chosen . Reaching the top requires not only talent and luck , but also a lot of practices – that is , time wasted from the point of view
of survival . But nothing is certain . It is proof that in a globally interdependent world , walls are unnatural and artificial – and thus doomed . Mostly , these debates tended to reach the morose conclusion
that a two-speed Europe would be hopelessly difficult to negotiate . Furthermore , the innate desire to provide for one 's children is so powerful that affluent citizens may buy reprogenetics elsewhere
even if their society bans or limits its use . But it was the publication in 1962 of the book Silent Spring – a polemic against the use of pesticides in agriculture – by the biologist Rachel Carson that
jump-started the modern ecological movement . But if Hasina is to succeed in continuing to blunt Islamism , she must address the fundamental problems that have destabilized Bangladeshi society for decades
. Chief among these is the poverty endured by the majority of her country s population ’ . It offered membership to a country with deep structural problems . It then accepted Greece into its monetary union
with full knowledge that its fiscal accounts were not worth the paper they were written on . What China wants above all is to prevent North Korea from collapsing , whatever the cause . But why ? What exactly
is wrong with selling prison-cell upgrades to those who can afford them , or offering cash for sterilization , or hiring line-standers ? American Congressmen view the Chinese as archetypal currency manipulators
, but the Swiss have introduced a firm cap on the franc s appreciation ’ . The budget deficit , unsurprisingly , ballooned . By contrast , mainstream economists argued , a technologically advancing industrial
society was bound to be different . Surprisingly the Clinton administration accepted that decision . For the first time , parties could make their case in seven debates aired on national television . Many
voters changed their choices after watching these . Putin and his entourage “ tightened the screws ” on Russia s people ’ over the past decade , and faced almost no resistance to their claims to unchecked
power . But modernization à la carte is an illusion . Its proponents forget the experience of the first half of the twentieth century , when authoritarian modernization was tried in both Germany and Russia
– with disastrous results . Russia has reached the limit of growth derived from its post-communist reconstruction . For many years , the single most important category of investment in China has been real-estate
development , which accounts for roughly 10 % of GDP and a quarter of total investment . But resources need to be allocated to projects that build up human capital , provide public goods , and foster creativity
and innovation . Royal s lack ’ of program has been her strength , but it could yet be her undoing . But President Bush doesn 't want to write this promise into a formal treaty - indeed , America 's president
seems allergic to formal treaties , whether they tackle pollution or nuclear weapons . But without a formal treaty , a new nuclear buildup may occur through carelessness , not superpower rivalry . India
could even develop a major communication hub with the port as its nexus . Or you can take a poppy field and dig a large pond , fill it with fish , plant trees around it , buy some ducks and have your children
watch them . Russia \ u0027s New Anti-Oligarch War Membership is voluntary , and people who don 't like the rules can leave . Or they can be kicked out : there is no requirement for due process . Global-warming
scare stories merely shift our focus to the least effective ways to help . Unless these structural weaknesses are resolved , the global economy may grow in 2010-2011 , but at an anemic rate . They will likely
follow suit , and the more weapons proliferate in the volatile Middle East , the more likely it is that accidents and miscalculations could lead to their use . Moreover , there are genuine fears that rogue
elements in a divided Iranian government might leak weapons technology to terrorist groups . Oz may not be a crook ; he may merely think that the probability of the S &amp; P plummeting is much less than
10 % . In the justification of armed conflict , everyone agrees that the defending state may use all necessary force to repel an aggressor . When Argentina invaded and occupied the Falkland Islands , the
United Kingdom could take whatever measures were necessary to remove them . In defining what it means to be ‘ European ' , a crucial task is to reflect upon the double-edged nature of what we have gavin
the world , to realize that Europe not only taught the world about human rights , but also introduced the Holocaust ; that we generated spiritual impulses not only for the industrial and information revolutions
, but also to plunder and contaminate nature ; that we incited the advance of science and technology , but also ruthlessly ousted essential human experiences forged over several millenniums . People tend
to opt for the standard ( VHS , Windows , DVD ) that they believe will come out on top , and thus contribute to that victory . Rather than offering to do away with its cotton subsidies , America offered
to open up American markets to cotton imports – an essentially meaningless public-relations move that quickly backfired . Vicente Fox took office in 2000 with a broad mandate , but , like Calderón , without
a majority in Congress . These pressures would not have been as damaging had they not met with approval in parts of Racan 's ruling coalition , especially from Drazen Budisa 's Croatian Social Liberal Party
( HSLS ) , and also among influential Catholic bishops . If the war on environmental degradation is to be won , we need a major turnaround . Predictably , the Arizona tragedy has elicited calls for policy
changes . That didn ’ t happen . This is the amount that proud green-energy producers will showcase when switching to biomass . By helping your blood relatives , you are indirectly promoting the reproduction
of copies of your own genes - copies that just happen to reside inside your kin . The world and its worries are meant to close down while Europeans repose . They do not remember the world without it . " It
is now increasingly evident that today s crisis ’ has its roots in February 1971 , when US President Richard Nixon decided to break the link between the dollar and gold . Until that point , America ’ s
pledge to maintain the gold standard was the basis for the global fixed-exchange-rate system , which was the heart of the Bretton Woods framework . So the Fed could , in principle , decide to raise the
federal funds rate even before the unemployment rate reaches 6.5 % . Welcome to the mad world of Israeli parliamentary democracy . The first read aloud from the bag , “ Type A blood , ” and the other read
aloud from the file , “ Alexa Holmes , Type A blood . ” The proposal has the capacity to act as a catalyst for adapting policy approaches to current realities ; but it is subject to the dulling forces of
twentieth-century mindsets and institutions that are too slow to adapt to twenty-first-century challenges and opportunities . All of them were members of the congregation of St. Nicholas in Pyzhi , whose
archpriest , Alexander Shargunov , is a well-known radical fundamentalist . Research shows that no more than 20 % to 30 % of Chinese exports to the US reflect value added inside China . Setting goals was
the easy part . When they return next fall , world leaders must decide on how to achieve them . The necessary innovations are emerging . If the world s most sophisticated governments ’ are developing computer
viruses , what guarantee is there that something won ’ t go awry ? A just global order must be defined in terms of peace and security , alleviation of poverty , a fairer distribution of wealth , better
protection of the environment , and respect for local cultural particularities . Extreme ideas offer an alternative compass to disoriented souls like Mohammed Bouyeri , van Gogh 's suspected murderer . But
there are still deep political and ideological divisions about how additional revenues should be raised and who should pay higher taxes . Unfortunately , the doctrine of nuclear deterrence is contagious
, making non-proliferation more difficult and raising new risks that nuclear weapons will be used . The speed of Internet time means that all governments will have less control over their agendas . In earlier
times with no formidable adversaries in the political arena , this was a harmless affectation . But it is an extremely dangerous attitude with people like Sarkozy ready , willing and able to impose high
political costs upon the bank should it stumble . MUNICH – The world s worst post-war financial crisis ’ is over . The great Austrian economist Joseph Schumpeter believed that innovation was a much more
powerful force for human betterment than was ordinary price competition between firms . African countries have already identified their high-priority investments in health , education , agriculture , and
infrastructure ( including roads , power , and internet connectivity ) . While the increase in women in the labor force has recently been rapid , female employment is only 50 % in Japan ( relative to almost
80 % amongst men ) . Building independent , non-partisan regulatory bodies was one of the key pillars of the 2001-2002 reform program . Capturing the ECB This is certainly high-stakes poker , with huge sums
hanging in the balance in the $ 170 trillion global financial market . He even has his own development strategy , dubbed “ Thaksinomics , ” a self-styled approach that blends neo-liberal export-led growth
with grassroots-based domestic demand . Palestinian President Yasir Arafat is the legitimately elected leader of the Palestinian people . An economic and political system that does not deliver for most citizens
is one that is not sustainable in the long run . Eventually , faith in democracy and the market economy will erode , and the legitimacy of existing institutions and arrangements will be called into question
. A civil war was fought , albeit briefly . Revolution transmuted into a crypto-coup d état ’ . The number of street protesters has since swelled from five digits to six . His predicament illustrates the
common dictum in the politics of developing countries where rural electorates elect governments but urban elites get to throw them out . It would certainly make it difficult for governments to borrow abroad
, but that would be a good outcome for their citizens , not an imposition . Zenawi has largely escaped sanction from his Western allies , in part because the erudite ex-Marxist had a friendly relationship
with former British Prime Minister Tony Blair and cooperated closely with the Bush administration in counter-terrorism efforts in the Horn of Africa . Moreover , the international economic crisis and tight
energy-supplies have taken a toll on confidence , as have tensions over the nationalization of pension funds and conflicts with soy producers , who oppose an increase in their already high taxes . But what
is crucially important for Palestinians is that , whatever the outcome , new settlements must not be built and land expropriation must end . The entire sub-prime market is largely a decade-old innovation
– the word sub-prime “ ” did not exist in any language before 1994 – built on such things as option adjustable-rate mortgages ( option-ARM s ’ ) , new kinds of collateralized debt obligations , and structured
investment vehicles . The new constitution eliminated the so-called authoritarian enclaves “ ” by subordinating the armed forces to civilian rule and removing their designated senators from Parliament . No
name and no clear interpretation have yet attached itself to the movements . In Soviet times , people were proud of the fact that they had only one or two jobs during their lifetime . This principle leads
people to advocate enormously costly actions to prevent disasters that are even more enormous but whose likelihood highly uncertain . If a disaster is unacceptable , then , no matter how uncertain the
likelihood of its occurrence , it must be prevented . In modern economies , people distinguish between generic words , which refer to concepts or a set of individual things ( a certain kind of fruit , for
example ) , and trademarks , which refer to specific goods or services around which someone has built value . For core eurozone banks , this has been a region of extraordinary returns , and it is now integral
to their operations . In emerging Europe , foreign subsidiaries have helped to build financial systems that are less prone to instability , and have helped economies to converge more rapidly with average
European income levels . Nevertheless , fourteen civil society activists who attempted to organize a special meeting to address the realities of the Kurdish issue in Syria recently received various sentences
on charges of working to undermine national unity . Whether Iraq can be held together despite the ethnic and religious confrontations that pit Kurds against Arabs and Sunnis against the Shi a ’ is one of
the most pregnant questions for the new Middle East . For Iraq s disintegration ’ would be hard to contain ; indeed , it could bring about a thorough balkanization of the region . Investment bankers have
been losing their cushy jobs because they could not figure out any convincing way to price distressed mortgage debt . Otherwise , their firms would have been able to tap the trillions of dollars now sitting
on the sidelines , held by sovereign wealth funds , private equity groups , hedge funds , and others . In particular , the US , which has significant influence in Saudi Arabia , must act to stop attacks
by that country 's extremists on Syria 's religious minorities - attacks motivated merely by a desire to provoke sectarian conflict . Likewise , efforts to weaken Iran 's disruptive influence in the region
must be maintained , while Turkey 's regional ambitions must be kept in mind . There remain many other countries with deplorable animal-welfare standards . But this bounty comes with one big headache : where
should Chinese Communist Party officials park all that money ? Is this a short-term phenomenon , and will we see an early return to rapid financial-sector growth as soon as the world economy recovers ? Various
theories draw on this basic framework – and each competing explanation suggests different strategies for reducing health inequalities . For example , the cultural-behavioral approach “ ” explains health
inequalities in terms of differences in individual behaviors , asserting that poorer people have worse health outcomes , owing to a higher propensity to smoke , drink alcohol , and eat less healthy foods
. But , for the same reason , I am optimistic that the stalemate will end after the election . The main brake on development lies in these countries economic institutions ’ . The main danger for Japan today
is a tendency to turn inward , rather than becoming a global civilian power that realizes its great potential to produce global public goods . Money not spent on tobacco would be spent on other goods and
services . We have time to tally the lessons for Africa , and the world , of our experience . Thus , the stalemate between the two nations really concerns only Cubans who have time to contemplate lofty political
questions . Nor is sympathy at work ; China does not buy Treasuries because it wants to temper the pain of America ’ s fiscal brinkmanship . Most of the banking system fell into deep crisis . The Papandreou
government , elected in October 2009 with a mandate to clean house , revealed that the budget deficit reached 12.7 % of GDP in 2009 , shocking both the European authorities and the markets . Whoever becomes
president – whether Nicolás Maduro , the designated Chávista heir , or Henrique Capriles , the opposition candidate – will be heard in the international community . Sensing Zardari s weakness ’ , his main
rival , Nawaz Sharif , is said to be plotting a political comeback . After World War II , Turkey was a recipient of Marshall Plan aid , joined the Council of Europe in 1949 , joined NATO in 1952 , became
an associate member of the European Union in 1964 , applied for membership in the European Community in 1987 , and completed a customs union with Europe in 1995 . Europe and America also share a common
structure of economic interests and values . In the past countries could achieve high living standards by exploiting natural resources . But this will work only if structural reforms make these economies
far more competitive . It is not enough to think in terms of powerover others . A number of worrying factors about the US economy have been around for a long time : - How long will the euro 's weakness last
? Bush Inherits the Wind In the political realm , Meiji reformers were well aware of Anglo-American ideas and institutions , but deliberately turned to German models because they were deemed more suitable
to a country with an emperor . The lesson that Japan teaches the rest of the world is not simply that an Asian country can compete , but that after a century and a half of globalization , it is possible
to adapt while preserving a unique culture . Desperate to sustain their political and economic momentum , most have taken a wide variety of steps to prevent their economies from feeling the full brunt of
the commodity price hikes . As a result , higher commodity prices are eating into fiscal cushions rather than curtailing demand . Financial panics subside , and the authorities realize a profit on their
intervention . Like any Indian , today I am angry , frustrated , and depressed . There simply was not enough hard evidence of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad s use ’ of chemical weapons , at least before
the Ghouta massacre in August , to pressure Russia – either in the United Nations Security Council or the court of global opinion – to reconsider its reflex support of the regime . Regardless of whether
the twenty-first century will be another American century “ , ” it is certain that it will be an Asian and Pacific century . Moreover , only new strides towards disarmament by the big nuclear powers , and
a guarantee of access to technology and know-how under international control , can stop the trend toward “ nuclear sovereignty . ” The new budget does two things . The problem of current-account imbalances
is closely linked to the existence of a world savings glut . If , at any point in time , people have any moral rights at all , they are rights to what is available . The Iranian regime is far too astute
to cross any of these red lines . Given Serbia s political instability ’ , they question the harm of a short-term postponement albeit – mostly self-inflicted . “ When you investigate historical facts , you
should respect the truth . The current plan to reduce the present value of privately held bonds by 20 % is just a first small step toward this outcome . In April , Ann Wagner , a Republican congresswoman
, introduced a bill “ to prohibit the Securities and Exchange Commission from issuing rules requiring the disclosure of an issuer ’ s expenditures for political activities . ” Is it being stolen ? Is it
supporting real development needs , such as growing more food , fighting disease , or building transport , energy , and communications infrastructure ? That explosion was not unanticipated nor – was the
announcement by Armenia s police ’ that the car had caught fire due to technical problems . Furthermore , since the beginning of this year , Chinese banks ’ valet foreign-exchange settlement ( foreign-exchange
purchases that designated banks make for their clients and themselves ) has outstripped corresponding sales , resulting in a consistently large surplus – also an indication of increased capital inflows
. While voluntary Iranian renunciation of nuclear weapons would be the best outcome for the West , there is no reason to believe that a nuclear-armed Iran would be a danger to the world . The floodgates
to nuclear proliferation would not open ; a more likely outcome would be a balance “ of terror ” between Israel and Iran , as exists between India and Pakistan . All reconstruction plans depend in the long
run on the ability of Iraq to export oil in large quantities . With a reformist regime in La Paz , it is difficult not to expect tensions with the Bush administration . Indeed , single mothers are the new
maternal ideal women – whose maternal drive is so selfless and intense that they choose to raise children even under the burden of their solitary status . A school that lacked even rudimentary supplies
suddenly can have access to the same global store of information as any other place in the world . Calley always claimed that he was following orders . The frustration of unemployed and under-employed youth
is now spilling over into the streets . While some argue that the fight against terrorism is the natural enemy of regularizing migration , others agree that now more than ever the countries of North America
need to address this issue trilaterally . But they remained underinsured against domestic credit risks ­ – the leading threat to emerging economies today . After the global financial crisis erupted in 2008
, interest rates plummeted , fueling private-sector credit booms in many of the largest emerging markets , including Brazil , India , Indonesia , and Turkey . But , as Spence puts it with regard to economic
reform itself , you need to take small steps in order to make a big difference in the long run . It is quite a feat to have achieved the degree of consensus he has around a set of ideas that departs in
places so markedly from the traditional approach . The IMF would have to be able to issue additional SDRs in periods of shortage , as when the Fed provided dollar swaps to ensure adequate dollar liquidity
in the second half of 2008 . But , while the G-7 countries , which dominate voting at the Bank , all declare their commitment to democracy and good governance and espouse – promoting them as one of their
central objectives – there is a yawning gap between what they preach and what they practice . Given the government ’ s proven capacity to intervene , the default option during a crisis has been to rely
on administrative measures rather than on market forces . To allow disorderly self-correction by markets would require confidence at all levels of governance , from the central government to village administrations
, and among SOEs . CAMBRIDGE – When the euro s value ’ reached an all-time high of $ 1.52 , Jean-Claude Trichet , the president of the European Central Bank , told the press that he was concerned about
its rapid appreciation and wanted to underline “ ” the United States Treasury s official policy ’ of supporting a strong dollar . Brazil has stated that it intends to vote in the Security Council in favor
of recommending Palestine s admission ’ to the General Assembly ; Colombia has said that it plans to abstain . Most other Latin American countries would probably vote in favor of some sort of enhanced
status for the Palestinian Authority . Argentina was briefly Wall Street 's darling . Then came Mexico 's crisis , and Russia 's , and Asia 's . So critics of the indictment should at least be made to bear
the burden of demonstrating to the Security Council that a peace settlement is likely if they wish the Council to act . The jury is still out on whether the European Security and Defense Policy has significantly
improved the EU s military capabilities and outreach ’ . In past elections , when there sometimes really was not much political difference between Democrats and Republicans , this made a certain sense . It
will restore hope for a more peaceful , secure and prosperous future . It deserves everybody ’ s support . Meanwhile , the technology used at drilling and production platforms has developed tremendously
, but the challenges regarding depth , weather , and sediment structure have grown even more , as easy-to-exploit oil fields have been exhausted . Blowouts have become the most troublesome type of oil
spills , and in deep water they tend to continue for a considerable time because of the difficulties faced in containing them . Mayhew concluded that it is rather difficult to tell whether derivative markets
worsen financial-market volatility , because their creation tends to come when existing financial markets already are more volatile , or can be predicted to become so . Moreover , he found that there is
no evidence that derivative markets create volatility in underlying cash markets ; in fact , they may even reduce it . Politicians , intellectuals , journalists focus on the past while society thinks about
making money and the future . “ Collaboration ” implies free will and choice ; even primate males do not succeed by dominating or controlling females . The government of Poland collapsed first , followed
by the Czech government . I hope that by the time I take up my pen again , we will be on our way to this destination . This may be true when the economy is operating at full employment when state and market
– are in competition for every last resource . But when there is spare capacity in the economy , the resources “ freed up ” by public-sector retrenchment may simply be wasted . For example , one important
achievement of former President Felipe Calderón s administration ’ was to push through a 140-mile highway connecting the interior city of Durango and the Pacific port at Mazatlán . This is justified in
terms of upholding social justice “ ” or defending national champions . “ ” But it merely fuels rent-seeking – the ability of particular groups in society to extract disproportionate rewards for their
work . When we gained independence , the world expected great things from Ukraine . Zimbabwe s Plight ’ , South Africa s Responsibility ’ The spectacular inversion of the French and US roles on the issue
of intervention has different causes . Some are linked to the personalities of Obama and Sarkozy ; others reflect the nature of their political imperatives . Likewise , in order to lay the foundations for
future economic growth , the EU should nurture new , sustainable industries and innovative small and medium-size enterprises – not cut funding for important research programs like Horizon 2020 . Innovations
in renewable energy , for example , are essential to improving energy security and preserving Europe s standing ’ as a global leader in combating climate change . To enable market-oriented economies to
operate as they should and can , we need to return to the right balance between markets and provision of public goods . That means moving away from both the Anglo-Saxon model of laissez-faire and voodoo
economics and the continental European model of deficit-driven welfare states . But passage of that law also revealed something else : how difficult it is for French people to deal with what Americans refer
to as theminorities issue . But , without a commitment by governments to limit greenhouse gas emissions beyond 2012 , the carbon market will remain uncertain , and the private sector vital – to the market
s success ’ – is unlikely to expand its participation in a meaningful and sustained way . According to a recent World Bank-supported survey of companies interested in carbon finance , only one in five
respondents declared that they were interested in buying post-2012 emissions reductions . Governments may need incentives to act , but they also need to be able to show their citizens that reform pays . Yet
no one should forget that on July 1 , 2003 , over 500,000 people protested because the government refused to allow more time to discuss proposed national security legislation . Most economists predict a
healthy 5 % annual growth rate in 2011 , together with positive fiscal and external results . In the end , the politics of ambiguity may fail Rumsfeld ; all those high-resolution photographs from Abu Ghraib
are anything but ambiguous . Weakened by this crisis , they are the first to suffer from the cuts in financial flows . Russia , under Vladimir Putin s third presidency ’ , has made its choice . Similarly
, piracy in the Gulf of Guinea and the Indian Ocean , particularly along the coast of Somalia , threatens Europe ’ s maritime activities , including its extensive sea-borne commerce . The logic of the liberal
approach is that the economic benefits of trade arise from imports : the cheaper the imports , the better , even if the result is a trade deficit . The environmental , strategic , and economic benefits
– including lower use of carbon-emitting fossil fuels , less reliance on politically volatile oil-and-gas exporters , and the creation of millions of well-paid jobs – are uncontroversial . There is no small
irony in the fact that on November 15 , America ’ s lame duck president , the unilateralist George W. Bush , is hosting a multilateral conference to discuss reshaping the global economic system . Obviously
, German exporters would be hurt by substantial currency appreciation . Sure , we can find more fossil fuels , but at much higher cost and at much greater environmental risk from industrial spills , waste
products , leaks , and other damage . The implications of this linguistic variety are profound . Even in the aftermath of the financial crisis , the giddy pace of technological change is likely to continue
to drive globalization , but the political effects will be different for the world of nation-states and the world of non-state actors . In inter-state politics , the most important factor will be the continuing
return “ of Asia . ” No one should write off California ; it still has great strengths . If we go by the most widely used six-digit tariff lines , Bangladesh exported 409 tariff lines to the US in 2004 ,
from which it earned about $ 2.3 billion . Hu Shuli belongs to the same generation : the journalist whom the Economist magazine calls " China 's most dangerous woman , " moved from her first job , with
the Party press , to editing Caijng , a business magazine that runs stories on corruption , exposing businessmen and public officials . After marrying Chang Song-taek , she began living something of a hedonistic
life herself , but she scrutinized her husband s conduct minutely ’ , flying into a jealous rage over the slightest signs of infidelity . The regulation of financial markets that was imposed during WWII
was retained . It is this economic and social system that is usually identified as the Swedish model “ . ” ECB critics already claim there has been a certain follow “ the Fed quality ” to ECB monetary decisions
, notwithstanding clear differences between the two central banks over the role the money supply should play in monetary policy decisions . The only way to test these hypotheses is via direct US-Iran dialogue
. Here , too , Morocco is a good example : the Western Sahara conflict looms large behind the closure of the border with Algeria , at an annual cost to both sides that is conservatively estimated at 1-2
percentage points of GDP . Having known Wang for more than 15 years , my sense is that he is very well suited to this vital task . BOGOTÁ Venezuela – is poised to vote on a new president to replace the recently
deceased Hugo Chávez . There is a need to set a limit on the amount of debt that a company can accumulate , and change acquisition and merger legislation to include leverage . By contrast , suppressing the
freedom of speech of Islam s critics ’ merely gives rise to the suspicion that evidence and sound argument cannot show their arguments to be mistaken . Furthermore , the flow of military supplies from Iran
, together with battlefield support for Assad s regime ’ from Iran s Lebanese proxy ’ , Hezbollah , reinforce the perception of a Sunni-Shia conflict in Syria . The euro crisis had its origin in German
Chancellor Angela Merkel s decision ’ , taken in the aftermath of Lehman Brothers default ’ in September 2008 , that the guarantee against further defaults should come not from the European Union , but
from each country separately . And it was German procrastination that aggravated the Greek crisis and caused the contagion that turned it into an existential crisis for Europe . It was not the US that was
gripped by this wave of racist paranoia , but France , the cradle of “ liberté , egalité et fraternité . ” When the exercise of hard power undercuts soft power , it makes leadership more difficult – as
Bush found out after the invasion of Iraq . The International Monetary Fund estimates that each 10-point increase in the debt ratio lowers economic growth by 0.2 percentage points . And the price tag – in
terms of lost output – will be high , perhaps more than $ 1.5 trillion in the United States alone . He and the Pakistani army delivered many of the Al Qaeda members most wanted by the US Khalid Sheikh Mohammed
– , Egyptians , Yemenis , Saudis , and so on . · Patients need to be better informed about the risks of prescription drugs and more involved in detection and reporting . Package inserts in fine print are
useless ; True , cities cannot provide the rich sense of community that often characterizes villages and small towns . But developing and implementing a social-protection floor takes time , and governments
do not seem to be willing to wait . At a time when the need for food assistance is particularly high , some governments have withdrawn food subsidies and others have scaled back subsidies for agricultural
inputs like seeds , fertilizer , and pesticides , hindering local food production . The crisis would then dissolve into thin air . So it has been clear for months that a legally binding basis for moving
toward a European fiscal union , while indispensible , could only take place outside the framework of the Lisbon Treaty , namely on an intergovernmental basis and as an EU-17 or EU-17 + , as has just happened
. Moreover , alarmist talk of a split “ ” overlooks the reality that the EU and the monetary union have long been moving at different speeds . E-mail , Facebook , and Twitter accounts all produce a permanent
record that perpetually accompanies users , even when their circumstances change . The distinction between indignation and outrage might seem like nitpicking . And , unlike Al Gore , who has travelled the
world warning that our cities might soon be under the oceans , it refrains from scaremongering . The media are a cornerstone of democracy . America s third mistake ’ was to overestimate how effective conventional
military power would be in dealing with the weak states and networked transnational organizations that characterize international politics , at least in the broader Middle East . It is worth pondering
why a country with more military power than any other in human history , and that spends as much on its military as virtually the rest of the world combined , cannot bring security to a small country of
24 million people after more than three years of occupation . The worldwide cost of infrastructure capable of responding to the intensifying water crisis could amount to trillions of dollars , and its development
would itself be energy-intensive . If you are earning $ 540,000 an hour , it does not take too long to save up to buy an apartment , even in London . But the increasing concentration of income and wealth
within many countries , foremost the US , should attract similar Keynesian worries “ ” . He then turned into the most partisan and ideological president of modern times , egged on by his vice-president
, Dick Cheney . But this represents only a small part of the genetic program . You need not be an economist to discover that civil society also pays its way . But America will not accept exchange rate arrangements
that jeopardize its prosperity . In fact , since the fall of communism , the percentage decline in German industrial employment has been larger than in any other OECD country . In part , this was due to
the decline in the former East Germany . Europe needs a monetary policy that views aiding employment growth in northern Europe as more important than continental price stability . The primary unmet need
seen by the founders of the ICG , for example , was to compensate for governments growing incapacity ’ , for both security and budgetary reasons , to develop an accurate picture of what was happening on
the ground in conflict zones . Open-source reporting and commentary by the media were not doing much to fill the gaps , because resource shortages , particularly in the quality print media , have long
been dumbing down international coverage of sensitive and difficult situations . The eurozone urgently needs a crisis mechanism with automatic haircuts for cases of impending insolvency . Almost everybody
complains , almost everybody aggressively defends their own narrow and short-term interests , and almost everybody abandons any pretense of looking ahead or addressing the needs of others . This new anti-HIV
/ AIDS campaign , which the international community has lauded , is more open and proactive than before . Physicians will be able to study your genes in the context of the biological systems within which
they operate and learn how to circumvent the limitations they impose . SEOUL South Korea – ’ s incoming president , Park Geun-hye , takes over a country that has been a global role model for economic development
. But , with the economy slowing , it has become a model in need of renewal . This leaves rural areas , which have the potential to feed the more than one billion hungry people , cut off and isolated .
In sub-Saharan Africa , almost 70 % of all people living in rural areas live more than a 30-minute walk from the nearest maintained road . Everyone everywhere has an interest in how the TTIP talks develop
and in what ultimately results from them . But the long-term decline in the ratio of aid to GNP did not stop the rich world from promising time and again to reach 0.7 % of GNP , including at the Rio Earth
Summit in 1992 and the Copenhagen Summit on Social Development in 1995 . When financial crisis hit Asia in 1997 , America 's leaders charged Asian governments with practicing crony capitalism . In a situation
like this , nibbling at the edges of a deficit is at best a sideshow . Perhaps more importantly , he has turned words into deeds , volunteering at an animal shelter and working with the Humane Society of
the United States to oppose dog fighting . It is hard to see what good would come from not allowing him to complete his rehabilitation and return to doing what he does best . Young people , the leaders
and farmers of tomorrow , are leaving their rural communities behind in search of better opportunities . We need to turn rural areas into vibrant and economically stable communities that provide opportunities
for young people to earn a living , build their capacities , and start a family . After the Constitutional Court s decision ’ to allow Wade to run for a third term , the US State Department said that “
the statesman-like thing to do would be to cede to the next generation . ” Soaring house prices worldwide are propping up consumer demand in many countries , and , according to a recent study by the International
Monetary Fund , continually falling long-term interest rates explain two-thirds or more of the global price rise . Five years after President Bush called Iraq , Iran , and North Korea an axis “ of evil
, developments ” in these countries remain depressing . Iraq is a disaster , and nothing indicates that the situation can be turned around . Under Hollande , France ’ s Socialists favor achieving that renewal
through a process of social dialogue that convinces rather than imposes , that focuses both on revenue measures and on boosting government efficiency , and that may adopt some of northern Europe ’ s more
successful flexicurity “ ” policies , which combine greater labor-market flexibility with strong social protection . While visiting Kerala in the late 1960 's , I--a Hindu from the Gangetic heartland--went
to the Sri Padmanabhaswamy temple in Trivandrum , where the usual " pandas " accosted me . In fact , the combination of free access to weapons in a country like the United States and the lack of a security
culture “ ” in a country like Norway might serve to encourage deviant murderers . Kris knew lots of people , in many different contexts , and now they are sharing memories on her page . MOSCOW Vladimir Putin
s regime – ’ is warning Russians that their budding Snow Revolution “ ” will be as big a mistake as Ukraine s Orange Revolution ’ of 2004 . If Nixon could seek agreement with Communist China , and de Gaulle
surrender Algeria , it is a relatively small step for Socialists to embrace the free market and support much lower taxes on business . For starters , the roof is starting to collapse on the global housing
bubble , as housing markets begin to freeze up not only in the United States , but also in many other countries , such as high-flying Spain . It will not matter that the infrastructure may not have been
built solely for that purpose if Asia ’ s leaders keep their eyes on prosperity , rather than only on power . The allure of revolutionary élan has drawn some former leftists to the neo-conservative side
. In short , Sharon was the ideal center candidate : a leader who reconciled a dovish approach with a hawkish outlook . Despite the complexity involved and the need for technical assistance to the weakest
nations in the negotiation , a multilateral investment agreement should be among the top priorities on the international agenda . But that miracle will not materialize in Mainz . This is true , but it provides
little solace for the potential losers . The danger is that Party leaders , trying to counter the erosion of communism , will turn to nationalism to provide ideological glue , which could lead to an unstable
foreign policy – including , for example , conflict over Taiwan . This system rewards managers for taking risks , even when the risk is excessive . This distortion is perceived to be one of the main causes
of the 2008 financial crisis . More Europe ! For decades , “ reconciliation ” and its most remarkable achievement – the Franco-German rapprochement – was the trademark of the project to create an ever closer
union in Europe . Reconciliation may seem far off for , say , the peoples of Japan , China , and South Korea , but it is taken for granted by today ’ s Europeans . Germany is working hard to accomplish
that same destruction via the labor market . Indeed , African summits , which in the past saw democrats and dictators from different language , religious and cultural environments sharing the same table
, usually produced little serious development policies because they indulged in pie-in-the-sky rhetoric . It seems to mark humanity s retreat ’ into infantilism . There is a certain senior ( male ) faculty
member who is one of the kindest and most accomplished investigators at my institution . And , of course , such weekend dramas are still with us , as EU and eurozone policymakers recently spent a desperate
weekend developing a rescue package not only for Greece , but also for other weak eurozone members . But the Bush administration , backed by a few handpicked Iraqis , is pushing Iraq towards an even more
radical form of shock therapy than was pursued in the former Soviet world . Yet real action in the US is starting , thanks to leadership in other parts of the world , and thanks to the enlightened understanding
of some major American businesses . First , the rest of the world ratified the Kyoto Protocol to control emissions of carbon dioxide . Moreover , this war has been funded differently from any other war
in America ’ s history – perhaps in any country s recent history ’ . Normally , countries ask for shared sacrifice , as they ask their young men and women to risk their lives . With monetary policy and
some of the administrative controls on investment and local spending being relaxed , the slowdown should be brief . But , as predictable as Russia s undemocratic system ’ of governance usually is , the
country does defy expectations once in a while . After all , how could one let a technical hitch like the zero lower bound on nominal interest rates stand in the way of rescuing Main Street when innovative
financing facilities had been used to save Wall Street ? Once central bankers undertook the necessary rescue of banks , perhaps they became irremediably entangled in politics , which made quantitative
easing an inevitable outcome . While the decision by some in favor of dynastic succession may be lacking in democracy , it is not entirely devoid of merit . Anarchy is setting in now : it is preceding –
and precipitating – the regime ’ s eventual fall . The pragmatic wisdom of early Zionism is easily explained : in contrast to the anti-Semitic cliché about “ Jewish power , ” Zionism was the national movement
of a weak people , decimated by oppression and genocide – a people that might face annihilation if it made the wrong choice at a moment of decision . Admittedly , the Zionist leaders never really abandoned
wider territorial dreams ; but they would never have considered delaying the establishment of the Jewish state for the sole reason that it would not have access to the Western Wall or the Temple Mount
. It needs to dismantle the new system of fines that is being developed ( a system that , paradoxically , the Guardian s Rusbridger ’ and the Labour Party but not Cameron – – have eagerly supported ) ,
exempt journalists from detention under the Terrorism Act , and forbid prior restraint of publication . Marx was certainly a perceptive analyst of the nineteenth century s version ’ of globalization . These
core principles--humility , liberty , and self-help--must continue to guide Conservatives , because they were not molded by Conservatism 's ideologically " sharp contours . " Unfortunately , everything
suggests that this was an illusion based on wishful thinking . Journalists , politicians , and the general public have a tendency to attribute greater authority and precision to what economists say than
economists should really feel comfortable with . An entire academic discipline emerged out of the wholesale critique of the male tendency to create hierarchy , engage in territoriality , and be drawn to
conflict . These plebiscites would become a reckoning for national governments on their crisis policies , which no sound-minded government will want . Until now . Labour succeeded because Tony Blair jettisoned
Labour s ’ entrenched left-wing dogmas . But that was not all . But the interlinking of consulting and auditing practices puts other perverse incentives in place : an incentive to please the clients , who
dislike unfavorable reports . Rich countries should fund these efforts heavily , and they should be carried out in collaboration with poor countries and the private sector . Chancellor Angela Merkel did
what was necessary to ensure the euro s survival ’ , and she did so at the least possible cost to Germany – a feat that earned her the support of pro-European Germans as well as those who trust her to
protect German interests . The reduction is even more impressive when one considers that 57 million additional energy consumers were added to the US population over the past two decades . Indeed , US carbon
emissions have dropped some 20 % per capita , and are now at their lowest level since Dwight D. Eisenhower left the White House in 1961 . Today , European leaders are unlikely to throw even that slender
lifeline to Bush . These comparisons are not neutral , and one may detect in the analogy between China today and nineteenth-century Germany an element of that guilty pleasure in others troubles ’ that the
Germans call “ Schadenfreude . ” For a long time I was sure that “ nanny ” was a kind of blood relationship . That is a recipe for renewed threats , not only to Ukraine , but to EU members like Poland ,
the Czech Republic , Hungary , Slovakia , Slovenia , and the three Baltic states . BERLIN Great speeches – are all too often underestimated as being mere words . The intended beneficiaries of these actions
should be defined as rights-holders . I had the chance to participate in high-level meetings between Chinese and African officials at the ADB meetings . But he is not immune to miscalculation . Fortunately
, Chinese thinking on North Korea nowadays is no longer monolithic . Polls show that more than 80 % of Belgians want yet more integration , whereas roughly 50 % of the Dutch describing themselves as Euroskeptics
. The bean for which Proctor was granted a patent is a farmers variety ’ , originally from Mexico and in the public domain for centuries . The bean is consumed throughout Mexico and by Mexicans and Mexican-Americans
in the US who know it by the names Mayocoba , Canario , or Peruano . In his pre-Christmas speech to the Roman Curia , the pope did not mention rape , let alone the sexual murder in Delhi . Instead , in
his defense of the family or – , as he would put it , the sacred union between man and woman – he pointed out how sexual arrangements outside that union were a threat to human civilization . The government
, unable to print money to bail out the banks or increase export competitiveness through currency devaluation , is left with only two options : default or deflation ( austerity ) . Unless they are defused
in time , financial shocks may derail the economy from its normal growth path . First , consumers , faced with tighter credit and falling house values , will need to cut spending , slowing the US economy
and affecting all countries via world trade . Second , with banks losing substantial amounts of equity capital estimates – now reach $ 300 billion and more – the need to maintain minimum equity-debt ratios
will force them to curtail business lending , hindering investment demand . Worse , we are treating the present as if the bubbly growth from 2000 to 2007 will return . This framework suggests that policymakers
identify tradable industriesthat have performed well ingrowing countrieswith similar resources and skills , and with a per capita income about double their own . But the Court was unmoved . Almost one in
five hoped that unemployment would be addressed . The Inspectors Have Failed Us I think that the Fed is wrong : the fallout from the current liquidity panic means that a year from now we are likely to wish
that the Fed had given a boost to spending this month . If the US avoids a new slowdown , they may do better than South America in 2012 . All told , with the exception of 2009 , the entire region will have
experienced a full decade of uninterrupted growth – something not witnessed since the 1970 s ’ . Did the whale , an orca named Tilikum and nicknamed Tilly , act out of stress at being held captive in a
sterile concrete tank ? Was he tired of being forced to perform to amuse the crowds ? Bush , alas , led an aggressive effort to discredit climate science rather than to respond to its findings . One hundred
staff members were taken from our head office in Addis Ababa alone , and many more from regional offices . The geopolitical opportunity implied by inclusion of the map has not been lost on America , which
is why the US , somewhat unusually , has made another effort to ratify the Law of the Sea Convention . The first sets the scene . It is only with the second that the plot reaches its climax . If the Istanbul
talks go well , they could provide a road map for further negotiations , not only on the nuclear issue , but also on Afghanistan , the Middle East , and terrorism . Israeli Jews are bound to stay in the
West Bank and East Jerusalem , and Israeli Arabs are bound to stay in Israel proper . These are the facts “ on the ground ” that doom Palestinian hopes for a sovereign Palestinian state no less than Israeli
hopes for a wholly Jewish state . But it also should not be equated with the political Islamism that strives to capitalize on it . We have changed population concerns from a divisive political issue to a
social force , behind which women and men can unite . It is hard to draw a line of principle around any area and determine if knowledge of it will provide relevant information about a politician s moral
character ’ . The problem is that the media have an interest in publishing information that increases their audience , and personal information , especially of a sexual nature , will often do just that
. Does it really make sense that two European Union member countries hold a veto power on the Security Council while the Third World ( outside of China ) is completely unrepresented ? The EU does not have
a common foreign policy and it will not have one in the foreseeable future , but this is no reason to continue to provide a preference to France and Britain . It pressed the International Atomic Energy
Agency for greater scrutiny . While glaciers that cover more than five square kilometers have lost 12 % of their mass , those under one square kilometer have lost 38 percent . First , governments should
better clarify the sources of funding behind each particular investment . The indictment contains four counts : that Greenspan wrongly cheered the growth of non-standard adjustable-rate mortgages , which
fueled the housing bubble ; that he wrongly endorsed Bush ’ s tax cuts ; that he should have reined in the stock market bubble of the 1990 s ’ ; and that he should have done the same with the real estate
bubble of the 2000 s ’ . The End of Population Growth New forms of activity – Internet auctions , Internet encyclopedias , Internet chat rooms – reproduced over a much wider area the interactions of individuals
. Interlinked PC ’ s really created a sense of a vibrant social market . 2008 martial arts students performed millennia-old moves with mechanical precision , while the flying celestials and the galloping
torchbearer created a sense of heavenly abode on earth . In Poland , for example , the prevailing mix of Catholicism and nationalism made society particularly resistant to communism ( certainly in comparison
with the egalitarian , social-democratic ethos of pre-war Czechoslovakia ) . But these anti-communist antibodies also worked against the universal acceptance among Poles of liberal democracy . Foremost
among these , perhaps , is the Union 's open character . The long-term future of South Africa s foreign policy ’ is uncertain : its emergence as a power of substance with a claim to a seat in a reformed
UN Security Council will ultimately depend on the government s capacity ’ to attract foreign investment sufficient to help deliver economic and social goods to the country s black majority . ’ For , as
with everywhere else , a successful foreign policy inevitably begins at home . Romney says that he would ensure that the US puts more people to work in the energy sector . But , while the oil and gas industry
has grown significantly since 2007 , it employs fewer than 200,000 people , implying a negligible effect even if employment in this sector doubled in the short run . Technical feats like three-dimensional
seismic imaging and tube-rotary drilling are no doubt impressive , but they are problematic when unaccompanied by adequate emergency-response plans or the regulatory oversight needed to ensure that accidents
are prevented and mitigated . Will parliamentarians become mere spokesmen of corporate interests ? Regional collaboration will also be key to fulfilling our commitment to succeed in fighting malnutrition
. For us , this means working closely with our neighbors in the East African Community . We applaud the fact that all of the nuclear-capable countries in Europe and Latin America and many in other regions
in the world have ratified the CTBT . As for Europeans , they are unhappy about pressure to participate in a US-led global war “ on terror ” that they regard as dangerous and misconceived , and to go along
with policies seemingly designed to antagonize their more difficult neighbors like Russia and the Islamic world . The longer this prevails , the more oxygen is sucked out of sectors that remain relatively
healthy and – for three distinct reasons . Although Israel formally withdrew from Gaza , its complete control over the borders , infrastructure , transport , and taxation , together with its regular military
incursions in response to shelling from Gaza and its killings and capture of senior Hamas officials , left Palestinians there desperate . In this mix , violence escalated . The Arab world , too , can develop
intellectuals , social groups , and eventually countries with liberal economies and societies that are consistent with local cultures . But this will take time and patience - and it will need to be accompanied
by policy changes on Iraq , Palestine-Israel , and the regional economy . It became clear that politicians often make decisions based on limited knowledge . They put money into unproven policy initiatives
. Richer countries must also increase bilateral and multilateral aid commitments . One is the perfect storm position “ ” : there were very many failures , misperceptions , informational asymmetries , and
complexities , as well as much repugnant behavior , but it never occurred to market participants , regulators , or academics that the aggregate effect would be a near-collapse of the system . As beguiling
as the reforms now being promoted by international organizations sound , countries must be wary of taking short cuts in constructing their institutions . That day will arrive sooner if governments spend
a lot more money on low-carbon energy research , which is woefully inadequate . The majority of Iraqis deeply resent Saudi Arabia – and with good reason . This is a future that would radically and irreversibly
change life on earth as we know it . Many of the countries that are piling on massive quantities of debt to bail out their banks have only tepid medium term growth prospects , raising real questions of
solvency and sustainability Obama is getting a large part of his agenda . Unfortunately , the numbers don t ’ add up and he is laying twin time bombs with the explosion of federal government debt and inefficient
government micromanagement of the economy . It is no coincidence that the demand by Congress for the list of RFC loans occurred in 1932 , also a presidential election year . My Plan to Drop the Bomb Generals
, it is said , always prepare to fight the last war – an old jibe , but one that contains an element of truth . Everything was used and reused until it fell apart . Iran s race ’ to develop nuclear weapons
, Netanyahu warned , can be understood only in the context of its leaders ’ “ repeated vows to wipe the Jewish state off the face of the earth . ” The Emerging-Market Growth Engine In particular , expansionary
monetary policies in the US ( indeed , in all advanced countries ) are generating high risks for emerging economies . Moreover , with the support of oil-rich allies like Venezuela s President Hugo Chávez
’ – and with the recent discovery of significant crude reserves off Cuba s own coast introducing ’ – reforms could well become less urgent . In that case , Raúl may seek to cling grimly to the fossilized
system that he helped build and maintain with such brutality . Indonesia s record ’ looks even more remarkable when compared to the United States . Its independence was secured not only by national legislation
within the member states , but also by a treaty between them . She left Britain ’ s relations with the European Union in a mess from which they have never recovered . For example , Bush assigned a low priority
to Kurds and Shia in Iraq , to dissidents in China , and to Bosnians in the former Yugoslavia . In the last five years , France alone lost some of its best computer scientists to the United States . But
many Arabs nowadays prefer to give the US a break . Annual US aid for education in Pakistan has amounted to just $ 64 million , or $ 1.16 per school-aged child . That is a problem for Europe . The Politics
of Business Outsourcing Financial innovation ought to be allowed to flourish , but not without better checks and balances . The rapid aging and decline of Japan ’ s rural population is fundamentally shifting
Japan s approach ’ to food . An estimated one-third of global food production is wasted . Instead , with the economy , particularly food production , continuing to falter , perhaps one-third of the country
is living at or below starvation levels . Will Kim Jong-un leader be able to do better ? A Recovery Plan for Argentina Of course , an earlier attempt was made to create a commercial market in SDR-denominated
claims . Chávez has strong support among the poor , who reacted with fury when he was overthrown two years ago . It was only after Mikhail Gorbachev summoned Yeltsin to Moscow in 1985 that he began to differentiate
himself from dozens of other senior party apparatchiks . Sensing the bitter frustration of Moscow s middle class-in-waiting ’ , Yeltsin quickly gained a reputation as a harsh , if not always coherent ,
critic of the party s old guard ’ . Of course , as in our time , some accounts will be more ethnocentric and distortive , others more superficial . Moreover , Doing Business measures the burden of compliance
with regulations , not their effectiveness . The indicators do not penalize a country that cheaply and expeditiously authorizes shoddy construction projects , dangerous imports , or abusive labor practices
. But Britain ’ s signal failure was in not replacing these old nineteenth-century industries with new twentieth-century successors . More broadly , the urgent task for Asian statesmen over the next 5-10
years will be to replace the region ’ s Pax Americana , which has guaranteed regional stability for decades , with a more comprehensive Pax Asia-Pacifica that is built on inclusiveness and burden-sharing
. But such an Asia-Pacific peace will be durable only if it is based on a balance of mutual benefits rather than on the balance of power . Because the world associates these traits with the Soviet era ,
many people mistake their reappearance as a sign that Russian power is now approaching that of the USSR . Nothing could be farther from the truth . For example , now is the time to begin reducing US oil
demand through improved fuel-economy standards and / or progressive increases in fuel taxes . No Frenchman wants that more than the ambitious " Sarko " himself . AMSTERDAM Western Europe – ’ s small democracies
have , on the whole , been exceptionally fortunate . Freer and richer than almost anywhere else in the world , countries such as Holland , Belgium , and Switzerland would seem to have little to worry about
. In large financial institutions , however , the incentive to gamble at taxpayers expense ’ does not apply only to managers ; it extends to bondholders , who are de facto protected by the government . Even
if the eurozone might not satisfy the necessary economic preconditions at the outset , economic variables would converge later on . Instead , the choices only become less clear , less democratic , and less
efficient . Our challenge this time is to follow words with action . After a chaotic period , Russia is shedding the few attributes of an open society it had acquired . A group of 250 people 's deputies ,
formed in the summer of 1989 , became the center of opposition . Sakharov became their unofficial leader , but Yeltsin was the most popular figure . Instead , special interests compete for influence through
campaign contributions and other forms of political donations . That , at least , is the conclusion that some people have reached after Milosevic s death ’ in a Hague prison : the fact that he was able
to drag out his trial for four years and still escape a verdict is considered proof that the international community is wasting its resources by putting such people on trial for their misdeeds . The evils
most deeply resented – in all societies – are injustice , despotism , corruption , and poverty . Later in the cruel joke week “ ” , Bush s White House ’ compounded the sin . How to precisely direct the transformation
of embryonic stem cells down predictable and desirable pathways remains unknown . But we could see some applications entering clinics in five years or so . Laws against child pornography in other countries
may also have the effect of prohibiting games that permit virtual sex with virtual children . If Germany left , the euro would depreciate . The debtor countries would regain their competitiveness . Unaffordable
tax cuts and wars , a major recession , and soaring health-care costs – fueled in part by the commitment of George W. Bush s administration ’ to giving drug companies free rein in setting prices , even
with government money at stake – quickly transformed a huge surplus into record peacetime deficits . As a young military officer , he had visited our country and had had an excellent experience . Source
: Eurostat This time , however , the plan backfired . Syria s Sunni population ’ , inspired by the revolutions in other Arab countries and outraged by the regime ’ s brutality , simply stopped being afraid
– a potentially game-changing development for Arab authoritarianism . The global dimension of this crisis surprisingly also has a positive side . So China s government ’ must have a medium- and long-term
plan to address problems caused by a drawn-out global slump . This approach appeals to those who think that the French and Dutch referendums were a rejection of the British liberal economic model . This
is extremely important , since few things are as fatal to the credibility of a policy package as insufficient financing . Instead of the somewhat one-sided trade pattern of the last two decades , it means
greater well-being for households in developing countries and opportunities for more producers in the advanced economies . Consumers who are forced to pay higher prices for energy will have less money to
spend on other things . While the individual companies that provide the higher-priced green energy “ ” may do well , the net economic effect will be negative . Chinese-style capitalism is flaunting its
defiance of one Confucius basic teachings don t worry ’ — ’ about poverty , he warned , worry about inequality . Someone once rightly said that it is easy to bomb , but much harder to build ; it is relatively
easy to defeat a regime militarily , but it is far more difficult to create a solid , sustainable , civil society in its place . This was China s utilitarian ’ , commercially-driven diplomacy at its most
transparently hollow . This would obviously pose a much more serious threat , but even an amorphous , disorganized , and nihilistic insurgency can survive and block stability , democratization , and prosperity
for many years . On the contrary , the real problem is that , for all their dabbling , the Western powers seem capable of neither war nor dialogue . The European Union may soon have 25 , or more , members
. He will scandalize the summit by seeking to intimidate the former Soviet clients in the room . Ten years ago , then-US Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld famously distinguished between “ Old and New Europe
” “ ” on the basis of their attitudes toward the United States and the war in Iraq . New Europe ( at least its governments ) , understanding the need to exercise power , was from Mars , whereas Old Europe
( with the main exception of Great Britain ) , having decayed into a culture of weakness , was from Venus . Many blame the crisis on the decades-long ascendancy of a laissez faire approach to economic policymaking
, and rightly credit government intervention with facilitating recovery . Perhaps at the end of history there is a pot of gold , after all . In the globalized world of the twenty-first century , in which
crises in one part of the world spread like wildfire to others , selective modernization , based on suppression of the conflicts and tensions that modernization generates , is likely to be even more dangerous
. Now , after the third round in Moscow , they are holding on by not much more than their fingernails . The treaty demarcated territory , including Takeshima . More ambitiously , the NEPAD initiative demonstrates
a new commitment by the continent 's leaders to realistic joint action on a regional basis . Global Public Goods : The Missing Component Turkey 's formal recognition as a candidate state in 1999 led Turkey
to undertake unprecedented reform efforts in the area of human and minority rights , including abolition of the death penalty , safeguards against torture , promotion of religious freedoms , gender equality
, and restriction of the military 's role in political life . Indeed , the North lets few diplomatic occasions pass without strong-arming its interlocutors for more . Unfortunately , instead of reaching
out to endangered nations like Ukraine , the EU beacon remains dark and its leaders silent . Brazil s current criticisms ’ of Iran , along with a request for dialogue with the opposition , weak as they
may be , represent a change of position , which reflects the absolute priority of Brazilian diplomacy : permanent membership of the Security Council . In Africa , the ratio is 900 per 100,000 . The harsh
reality behind these figures is this : mothers , very often young , are dying for lack of what most of us take for granted in the twenty-first century access – to affordable health care . Consequently ,
it is helpful to have a proxy activity that enables outsiders to see that the process of discernment and valuation really occurs . Indeed , in my view , policymakers , academics , and the media have rejected
too resolutely the idea that corporate taxation played no more than a minor role . On the contrary , I think our luck – measured by the magnitude of the private sector and other shocks that have hit the
global economy – has , in fact , been relatively bad . The cause was not an attempt by the global South to revive outdated notions of unlimited sovereignty ; rather , it was a reaction to the perceived
overreach of the NATO-led military intervention in Libya in 2011 . We are once again learning the hard way that this kind of austerity , when applied in the teeth of a major financial crisis , leads only
to depression . But , for workers , the news is not all positive , with machines replacing humans in an increasing number of domains – far beyond routine physical and clerical activities . Even more important
, President Clinton had little to say about the future path of Middle East diplomacy other than to note the United States would consult with parties on how to more forward . Within Jordan , however , there
is another perspective on the future , one that welcomes reduced dependence on Iraq . Will Bush order an air and Special Forces attack on Iran ? We all have heard of Steve Jobs , Bill Gates , and Mark Zuckerberg
twenty-something college dropouts – who built billion-dollar companies at the cutting edge of global innovation . We have heard of the many start-ups that they and others acquired for hundreds of millions
of dollars - Instagram , Skype , YouTube , Tumblr , and , most recently , Waze . President Bush cited seeming huge job growth in the last 13 months , claiming that America 's labor market turned the corner
. Is this true ? Egypt needs a constitution that enjoys broad support – and that includes checks and balances that make it difficult for minorities ( even those who command the support of a plurality of
voters ) to rule majorities . This is why we feel obligated to call on the highest levels of the international community – including the UN Security Council – to address the question of Burma , for we must
show that we are serious about peace , democracy , and human rights . China 's biggest private firm , the Hope Group , is located in Sichuan and started in the animal feed business . Why such origins ? We
have to extend our single market to services and energy , change unaffordably generous pension arrangements , invest more in research and development , reform our universities , and channel more money
to the job-creating industries of the future , like environmental technology . Despite the world s unprecedented total wealth ’ , there is vast insecurity , unrest , and dissatisfaction . The arguments of
protectionists , new and old , are just so many myths that can be successfully challenged . Despite the vulnerability of minorities , the religious breakdown of displaced people closely reflects that of
the country : 64 % Shi a , ’ 32 % Sunni , and 4 % Christian . But the ethnic breakdown of displaced people – 93 % Arab , 4 % Assyrian , and 1 % Kurd – illustrates the grave insecurity in central Iraq and
the relative stability of Kurdistan . Each country s banking system ’ is backed by its own government ; if the government s ability ’ to support the banks erodes , so will confidence in the banks . Even
well-managed banking systems would face problems in an economic downturn of Greek and Spanish magnitude ; with the collapse of Spain s real-estate bubble ’ , its banks are even more at risk . China \ u0027s
Post-Olympic Challenge Microbes differ from computer viruses because they not only spread but evolve , and do so at a faster pace than their hosts . Microbes are in fact well designed to exploit this difference
to their advantage in the war that occasionally erupts between them and other species - a war we see as disease and death . The same might be said about joining the EU : if you can only become a member
by living up to the standards of the Union , you will never become a member , since you need membership to entrench those standards . Yes , these are dark times , and all politicians want to protect their
voters . Throughout its four years in power , Tony Blair s New Labour government ’ enjoyed a large and steady lead in opinion polls . Proclaiming six meters of sea-level rise over this century contradicts
thousands of UN scientists , and requires the sea-level rise to accelerate roughly 40-fold from today . Kim Kyong-hui has returned to the methods of her father , the dynasty s founder ’ , Kim Il-sung ,
who viewed party control as the most convenient and reliable means of exercising power . Particularly for a North Korean woman , party control is a far wieldier tool to elicit the type of absolute loyalty
that the Kims need . Existential risks receive disproportionately little serious attention . Sixth , QE can create moral-hazard problems by weakening governments incentive ’ to pursue needed economic reforms
. It may also delay needed fiscal austerity if large deficits are monetized , and , by keeping rates too low , prevent the market from imposing discipline . Obviously , when the poor have more ( and healthier
) food , their nutrition improves ; when better-nourished people go to school , they become more productive ; the same is true of health services . Overall economic growth is important , but the poor should
not have to wait until its benefits trickle down to them ; with the right anti-poverty policies , governments can encourage trickle-up growth as well . War on Iraq could also reduce the importance of Saudi
oil in world markets because increased Iraqi production is likely when sanctions are lifted . The answer is more likely to be found in the Treaty s simplification ’ , taking out those elements that are
not absolutely necessary , and also enriching it in such areas as climate change . The Marxist revival “ ” was probably an inevitable byproduct of the current crisis . But what is alleged to have happened
was not a case of the US reciprocally countering supposed illegal activities by other states . Saving the World \ u0027s Fish But new investment just in solar PV was around $ 89 billion in 2010 . Today ,
shared interests have shrunk and values have diverged . What is worse is when the economic policy response becomes the equivalent of blaming foreigners : imposing new forms of trade barriers . At the same
time , jobs mobility should replace unwanted migration . In his influential 1989 book The Rise and Fall of the Great Powers , the historian Paul Kennedy concluded that , over the long run , a country s
wealth and productive power ’ , relative to that of its contemporaries , is the essential determinant of its global status . And this is true in terms not only of security policy , but also of energy policy
if you ’ re looking for alternatives to Europe ’ s growing reliance on Russian energy supplies . Therefore , its focus should be less on calibrating tactics per se than on recasting the regional context
in which Iran ’ s leaders will determine whether to proceed or desist . They should look beyond the ravaged wastelands that communism inflicted , beyond the poverty , and beyond the social divisions through
which our discarded ex-leaders sought to prolong their misrule . It wouldn ’ t be the first time . It means that the Chief of the Afghan Armed Forces , as well as the Chief of Operations and the Chief of
Army Intelligence are also Communists , men whose loyalties remain uncertain and are distrusted by most Afghans . No one much minds any more when Germany wins , as it so often does . The Germans are now
much too nice for that . After America s invasion drove ’ Al Qaeda s leaders ’ from Afghanistan , Pakistan emerged as the main base and sanctuary for transnational terrorists . In fact , a strengthened Hamas
may play into the hands of the Israeli hardliners currently in power . They can point to the violent , anti-Zionist , and , yes , anti-Semitic rhetoric of radical Islamists , and argue that no deal with
the Palestinians is possible . So , here is the problem : there isn ’ t a plausible driver of a dramatic recovery . Chidambaram , a Harvard-trained lawyer who has held the finance portfolio twice before
, is committed to increasing growth and to adopting pro-market policies . Direct US-Iran talks should be convened if they are required to bring about any such agreement . As we grapple with our joint water
future , we will face a time of trial and error in finding workable solutions . But humanity already seems to be making more progress on matters related to drinking water than other global threats , such
as climate change . We imagine a simple mechanism , modeled on the successful experience with Brady bonds . The IMF had learned from East Asia , posing fewer conditions and offering more budget financing
, because the problems were temporary and not structural . In May 2010 , the International Monetary Fund projected presumably – in concurrence with its European partners – that Greece s annual GDP growth
’ would exceed 1 % in 2012 . If a state fails to live up to its side of the bargain by sponsoring terrorism , either transferring or using weapons of mass destruction , or conducting genocide , then it
forfeits the normal benefits of sovereignty and opens itself up to attack , removal , or occupation . In the midst of the cyclone s devastation ’ , Burma s ruling generals ’ went ahead and held a referendum
on a new constitution . The 2008 crisis highlighted the need for international cooperation to regulate finance and mitigate the effects of a crisis . Yet the global resources and instruments needed to manage
( if not avert ) the next crisis have not been secured . The Indian story is even more remarkable . The Kenyan authorities , eager to please the US , were tempted to hand over Kenyan citizens on the slightest
encouragement . On September 6 , Trichet said that the ECB had maintained the status quo , leaving it unclear what he meant . Indeed , whereas the ECB seemed to have implicitly accepted an objective of
economic growth , it maintained its hard line against inflation on October 4 . In contrast to normal or tolerable stress , which can build resilience and properly calibrate a child s stress-response system
’ , toxic stress is caused by extreme , prolonged adversity in the absence of a supportive network of adults to help the child adapt . Given the negative consequences of this approach , it might be wise
for the central government to consider establishing , for the short-run , quotas or ceilings for total local government borrowing . There is no question that current conditions present a unique window of
opportunity . But we must keep in mind the major difficulties that can limit our ability to seize this opportunity , and the international community must make these difficulties very clear to both parties
. No matter how much their directors may want to focus on the diseases that kill the most people , the current system of financial incentives means that if they did so , their shareholders would remove
them , or their companies would soon be out of business . Even Russian President Vladimir Putin , the autocratic leader of a crumbling second-rate power , manages to put on a good show compared to America
’ s tarnished president . The EU and its member states ’ governments must enact legislation to ban companies based in their countries from direct involvement in Sudan 's petroleum sector and in industries
related to it . Anna Alchuk , an artist who participated in the exhibition in the Sakaharov Center and was later charged , said she had read all 14 volumes of evidence collected by the prosecutor , and
that 11 volumes consisted entirely of letters from " working people " expressing outrage at the show and demanding that the artists be punished . Almost none of the writers had seen the exhibition - most
had signed form letters . Officials also argue that Nigeria 's large population relative to other OPEC members , and the urgent need to earn foreign exchange to invest in infrastructure and social services
, necessitates preferential treatment . No surprise , then , that a brain drain has developed . As a result , the public-policy response has been dominated by “ the bankers did it ” narrative . The risk
is that this approach is incomplete – and thus unlikely to be effective . The gate to Israeli-Arab reconciliation remains where it was always been – in the hands of the Palestinians . The EU could even play
a part in keeping the 2012 European Championship football finals on track . Our sponsors welcomed our recommendations , but that and similar efforts have gained little traction , leaving all countries rushing
headlong toward a world full of uncertainty and risk . Property rights are ultimately sanctioned by society , and , to the extent that they seem to be unfair , society has an incentive to change them . But
if any US president can overcome that historical shadow hanging over the UN , Obama can . We need not become too alarmed yet . Nobody is in control . Unlike former President Bill Clinton , who blamed Yassir
Arafat for the failure of the Camp David talks in 2000 , the Bush administration must honor its commitment not to point fingers or allow either side to use failure to advance its strategic goals . The EU
will continue to be governed under the Nice Treaty of 2000 , but this leaves no room for further political integration ( or enlargement ) , nor does it ensure the effective functioning of the Union s institutions
’ . Drafting a new constitutional treaty would probably require even more time than was needed for the current proposal , and it is also unlikely that the necessary changes could be introduced through
an intergovernmental conference . Governments must now rise to the opportunity afforded to them of authorizing the necessary improvements . Reservations against FDI ( as against anything foreign ) can be
found in all groups of countries , and politicians can bring them to the surface , resulting in protectionism . It would be ironic , though , if developed countries – which led the FDI liberalization wave
of the past two decades – now led a backlash against FDI . In the process , conspiracy theories are pulled from the margins of public discourse , where they were generally consigned in the past , and sometimes
into the very heart of politics . All of this slows social mobility , tears already-stretched safety nets , worsens inequality , and accentuates genuine concerns about the functioning and sustainability
of today s global economic system ’ . But the economy was very sick before the crisis ; the housing bubble merely papered over its weaknesses . Nor is it improbable that a protracted war in Libya would end
by vindicating the warning of the region ’ s authoritarian rulers that the Arab Awakening is but a prelude to chaos . After the liberation in 2001 , the international community concentrated on Afghanistan
alone as the place to fight extremism and terrorism , while we Afghans argued that our country is not the right place to fight . Free governments must make communications planning a central component of
every aspect of this struggle . If there was ever a time for a massive investment in research into long-term energy sources , that time is now . Germany should be bold and use its leverage to offer a new
contract to its eurozone partners : mutual guarantee of part of their public debt in exchange for strict debt limits and a new legal order in which a eurozone authority can veto an enacted budget even
before it is implemented . The second question concerns the EU s scope ’ . It is obvious that Yankee imperialism cannot be blamed for Venezuela s ’ emaciated tax system , dismally bad schools , rampant corruption
, high crime rate , and feeble political institutions . In June , the ECB jettisoned its long-standing practice of not changing rates outside of Frankfurt , increasing them by 25 basis points in Madrid
. In many cases , refugees built their own new homes . They also should have evacuation plans for employees at all levels , not just executives . If we were to meet intelligent , sympathetic extraterrestrials
, would we deny them basic rights because they are not members of our own species ? News of price increase enriches the early investors , creating word-of-mouth stories about their successes , which stir
envy and interest . The Euro Ark What we are seeing now – open campaigning , as opposed to selection behind closed doors – seems to be a move in the right direction . But this possibility of nuclear war ,
horrifying as it is , may not be the most important consequence of India 's test . September headline inflation , at 2.6 % , is above the ECB ’ s 2 % target ­ as – is the latest forecast for 2006 inflation
( updated forecasts will be released at the beginning of December ) . “ The period of wage moderation may be coming to an end , ” warns Otmar Issing , the ECB s chief economist ’ , implying that soaring
energy prices may now be feeding through into the overall price level ( so-called second-round effects “ ” ) . We may therefore restrict both of them without running afoul of Mill s argument ’ . ( On the
other hand , an essay arguing that there is nothing wrong with adults taking a sexual interest in children , and that such conduct should be permitted , expresses ideas , and thus should not be censored
, no matter how poisonous we may consider them . ) In 1999 , Yeltsin picked Putin , who was then the little-known head of the FSB ( formerly the KGB ) . How close are we to that goal ? Nine countries are
known or believed to possess them , and all are improving them in various ways . Perhaps surprisingly , Lugovoi seems not to have wondered why he is enjoying such an enthusiastic reception from his compatriots
. In Ukraine s Orange Revolution ’ , it was mostly young people who rejected a return to the past . And , since Barack Obama s election ’ , anti-Americanism is no longer a viable way to garner support . Some
policies and institutions have been tried and failed . History also played a part in the success of the Hungarian transition . They should almost thank the French for their inability to impose effective
austerity measures and thereby still run a small current-account deficit , which has prevented the eurozone surplus from becoming even larger . He understands the difference between media ( yet another
of his personal investments is the Web site Business Insider ) and journalism . Kahneman , a psychologist , has demonstrated how individuals systematically behave in ways less rational than orthodox economists
believe they do . Such a survey would obviously take us to Iraq , to Israel , and Palestine and to terrorism – . Hamas is well aware of the shock that its victory has produced . When I began in recent years
to insist that the traditional silence and anonymity assigned to rape victims does not protect them , but only perpetuates a Victorian framework in which rapists attack with impunity and victims are asked
to carry the shame “ , ” my argument was met with hostility . At stake with his comments are emerging ideas and attitudes that will inform the twenty-first century economy . So we should think hard about
what speculative capitalism means “ ” . Thus , in the early post-war period , developing countries , whose exports had previously consisted mainly of natural resources and agricultural products , expanded
into labor-intensive manufacturing . Textiles and apparel came first , followed by luggage , dishes , toys , etc . The labor force is expected to increase by 32 % over the next 20 years , whereas it will
decline by 4 % in industrialized countries and by nearly 5 % in China . The opposite is true of Mittal , where the Lakshmi Mittal and his family own more than 60 % of the shares . This explains why Mittal
s shares ’ are traded in Amsterdam , one of the few stock markets in the world that allows for the listing of companies with so little free-floating capital . It goes without saying that it will be essential
to establish that governance in Iraq is institutional , not personal . Some people might still condemn homosexuality , but few Europeans wish to ban it by law anymore . The votes of conservative provincial
Turks now count . Against this background , consider what Obama has achieved . Yesterday , there were flurries of snow in Istanbul . But today the sun glints across the water to the Asian coastline of the
city ; the seagulls bank in the breeze ; a great liner sails majestically north towards the Black Sea . Many of these proposed solutions to Europe s energy problems ’ have been attempted before , but have
been stymied by the lack of cohesion between EU governments . But , in the long term , US foreign policy divorced from international law cannot produce anything other than more war . Such factors provide
a sense of why attention to the history of Jews under capitalism helps us to understand capitalism more generally . It reminds us that much of success in a capitalist society is based on cultural and historical
factors that produce qualities such as innovativeness , willingness to tolerate risk , and willingness to defer gratification through savings and education . The Saturn model puts the present fierce debate
on enlargement and the borders of Europe into a totally different context , because the core countries would no longer find themselves being asked to accept a Europe divided into different classes of member
states . The people subject to this law are members of parliament , of government , judges and other lawyers who volunteer to be checked . This does not mean that protectionism is the way forward , only
that taking account of specific issues that affect international farm trade weather – , price volatility , or health risks – may be necessary from time to time . This brain 's functions and dysfunctions--its
very structure--will broaden dramatically our understanding of the relationship between the self and others . Perhaps the Chinese should not worry . To make its case for a continued global leadership role
, America must , however , step up to the plate . While the go-it-alone impulse of the Bush administration has been discredited by its consequences , the inverse lessons regarding how important collaborative
action is in today s interconnected world ’ are still being learned . The basic excise tax has been fixed at 16 % of the value of a firm 's output . What , then , is the danger of GM foods ? More fundamentally
, monetary unions – in a broader sense – have existed not only within single states , but also in groups of sovereign states , the gold standard being the most notable example in history . The experience
of such monetary unions offers two lessons . While Iran s leadership ’ continues to repress liberal dissenters , it feels secure enough to talk of “ reconciliation ” with parts of the loyal opposition Ahmadinejad
s conservative and reform-oriented adversaries “ ” – ’ who want to preserve the Islamic system as such . Mysteries that confounded the ancients were replaced by an ever more concise set of principles so
that the flight of projectiles , the fall of an apple , the orbit of the moon , and the trajectories of planets could be quantitatively accounted for . The parade of gaffes and subsequent groveling apologies
has become a regular feature of public life . The EU must make it clear that it is ready to support Serbia – and the region as a whole – in realizing its European aspirations . European security is hinged
on Serbian integration , just as Serbian aspirations hinge on the EU . Success would be guaranteed if the international community , especially the United States , clearly understands and admits its necessity
, and supports it firmly and completely . The truth about her disappearance will , undoubtedly , remain murky for some time . Their future is further clouded by the fact that the United States and the European
Union will phase out their apparel quotas next year , potentially reducing quota-hopping investment in South Africa and the broader region . The group of core senators pushing for financial reform is already
strong , including Sherrod Brown , Jeff Merkley , Carl Levin , and Jack Reed . And now Elizabeth Warren is working hard with her Senate colleagues – Democrat and Republican – to bring responsible , well-informed
pressure to bear on regulators and prosecutors . Skeptics and opponents of the negotiations do have a case , however . There is no room for an equities market . In the US-China relationship , the RMB exchange
rate has become a touchstone for broader anxieties about competition from China . Murder sprees are more often than not a form of personal revenge – losers wishing to blow up the world around them , because
they feel humiliated or rejected , whether socially , professionally , or sexually . OLYMPIA , WASHINGTON Barack Obama – and John McCain are the two contenders in America s presidential election ’ this
year , but the campaign has also been dominated by two very different women , Hillary Clinton and Sarah Palin . It was pursuing a two-pronged strategy – making the argument that all was well in Kashmir
( a blatant lie ) and supporting ethnic confrontation in Pakistan . Violent intelligence wars between Pakistan s Inter-Services ’ Intelligence ( ISI ) and India s Research and Analysis Wing ’ ( RAW ) have
become a brutal reality in South Asia . Al Gore , for example , famously claimed that a whopping six meters ( 20 feet ) of sea-level rise would flood major cities around the world . People of good will throughout
the world , including those affiliated with multilateral organizations like the UN , should descend on Zimbabwe to observe this month ’ s elections . Accredited or not , they should stand in solidarity
with the people of Zimbabwe at this crucial moment , act as witnesses to the deteriorating pre-election environment , and serve as a bulwark against any escalation of state brutality during and after the
vote . Rousseff 's main opponent , São Paulo Governor José Serra , has not gained traction with voters , owing to his inconsistent stances – ranging from withering criticisms of Lula s foreign policy ’
to outright support for his social policies . According to some polls , Serra is more than 20 points behind . Kerry vs. Bush : Will Reason Prevail ? Not only political forces need to be checked . In the
rush to concentrate wealth , for example , majority owners of corporations must not be allowed to harm the interests of minority shareholders , who as a rule are honest common citizens . It might not be
able to close the Strait of Hormuz , but threats to refineries , storage facilities , and tankers would send oil prices even higher . African countries could also choose the Norwegian model , which established
the principles that natural wealth belongs to all citizens , including the unborn , and that all mining deals should be completely transparent to the public . Adherence to these principles ensures that
private rent-seeking and appropriation of oil profits , a major dimension of the so-called resource curse , is avoided . Europe would be brought closer to its citizens and national parliaments would gain
a direct voice in EU decision making . The big problem now is that unemployment continues to rise in the US and Europe , because growth is too slow to create enough new jobs . As an integral part of the
CFSP , today ’ s ESDP and tomorrow s Common Security and Defense Policy ’ will work only if the member states responsible for implementing them allocate the resources that they need . This implies a Europe-based
approach that takes precedence over national considerations once national and European-level foreign policies are unified . Japan plans to accelerate labor market reforms , strengthen competition , and
advance fiscal consolidation to sustain domestic confidence . But such measures would raise more problems than they would solve . Governments cannot afford to recapitalize the banks now ; it would leave
them with insufficient funds to deal with the sovereign-debt problem . Moreover , America is focused like never before on working with our allies and partners in South and Southeast Asia . Rating agencies
and shareholders are nervous when they hear that a stricter regulatory environment is not necessarily a disadvantage . In my experience , African youth are forgotten except when politicians need them for
battle . In fact , it was not countries experiencing the worst economic downturns and the highest unemployment rates that raised tariffs and tightened quotas most dramatically in the 1930 s ’ . Even when
the source of an attack can be successfully disguised under a false flag “ , ” governments may find themselves sufficiently enmeshed in symmetrically interdependent relationships such that a major attack
would be counterproductive . Why China Can t Adjust ’ Former spies now sit atop the commanding heights of Russia s energy-centric economy ’ , but their role is not all that different from what it was in
Soviet days . While there is a price today that reflects those expectations , it is not a price at which distressed banks want to sell . Some countries – for example , Germany , Sweden , and South Korea
– have hidden “ ” their joblessness by paying firms to keep workers on the payroll . This can work in the short term , but it cannot be sustained over time . The gist of the Three Represents is not that
the ruling party should protect the interests of capitalists at the expense of others , but that capitalists should not be automatically excluded from China 's political process . But life after default
goes on much as before . But we also need to understand that Iran s nuclear aspirations ’ do not exist in a vacuum . Similar downtrends are evident in a broad array of leading indicators , ranging from consumer
expectations , money supply , and the stock market , to steel production , industrial product sales , and newly started construction . The debt dilemmas in Europe and the US prove yet again that elected
officials will ignore long-run costs to achieve short-run benefits , and will act only when forced , in a doomed effort to circumvent the laws of economics and revoke the laws of arithmetic . And that
implies an extended period of episodic economic disruption and political upheaval far beyond this summer s debates ’ on America s debt ceiling ’ and Europe ’ s distressed sovereign debtors . SINGAPORE –
The tangled web of international organizations that constitutes global governance has become so remote and ineffective that few count on it to deliver results anymore . How Corrupt are US Capital Markets
? Moreover , land for peace never made sense from an economic point of view . If compensation for wrongs to the Palestinians was to be the guiding principle , there were always better ways of going about
it than to found a rickety , poverty-ridden new country dependent on foreign aid . The banks said : “ If you don ’ t bail us out , there will most likely be a second Great Depression . ” Nor are there any
signs of America s economic hegemony starting ’ to fold under the weight of maintaining its unilateral military dominance . Instead of feeling the pinch of wartime privations , like in any ordinary country
, American consumers are binging as if it were Christmas all year round . Germany increasingly recognizes that if the adjustment needed to restore growth , competitiveness , and debt sustainability in the
eurozone s periphery ’ comes through austerity and internal devaluation rather than debt restructuring and exit ( leading to the reintroduction of sharply depreciated national currencies ) , the cost will
most likely be trillions of euros . After World War II , however , long swings in economic activity continued , while only moderate price and inflation patterns emerged . In the 1960s , unemployment nearly
disappeared in several European countries , but without rising inflation . On the morning of December 21 , Ceausescu stepped onto the balcony of the Central Committee in the heart of Bucharest to address
the people cadres – of state workers assembled , as was customary , to cheer on cue . But something went wrong . First , massive renationalization since 2004 has left state-owned companies once again controlling
the commanding heights of the economy . The dilemma in Britain is the same as that of any West European country : the move by left-of-center parties to the middle ground , and their acceptance of market
forces , means that right-of-center parties have lost their traditional claim to govern on the grounds of economic moderation and good sense . This process has been accelerated by a confluence of defense-industry
reforms , comprehensive military upgrading , and integration of innovative operational concepts . The net effect is a growing capability of China s strategic missile forces ’ and military space platforms
. This common cultural substance is the foundation on which European nations and states are built . Yet it is not produced by state action . In keeping with his shadowy KGB background , very little . Before
the crackdown , there had been 13 such massacres in 18 years . In the Arab world , too , from Tunis to Cairo , young women have played an important role in the revolutionary process . Their appetite for
change understandable – , given the treatment of women in traditional Muslim societies – appears to be one of the main causes underlying the force of the revolutionary impulse in Tunisia and Egypt . Following
a benign period of a positive global supply shock , a positive global demand shock has led to global overheating and rising inflationary pressures . Now the worries are about a stagflationary supply shock
– say , a war with Iran coupled – with a deflationary demand shock as housing bubbles go bust . The message is simple : improving opportunities for Roma is morally right and economically smart . And “ green
taxes ” – such as on carbon emissions – would shift consumption patterns while discouraging energy-intensive exports . For individuals , businesses , educational institutions , and governments in advanced
countries , broad-based , elevated , and efficient investment in education and skills is critical . Closing wide information gaps in the market for skills would also increase the efficiency of these investments
. On the contrary . In this context , Zhu s reform strategy ’ was aimed primarily at reestablishing a sound fiscal relationship between the central and local governments , rather than at increasing the GDP
growth rate . In fact , though Zhu s reforms ’ were piecemeal , they could easily have led to double-digit GDP growth . Second , there are policy failures , which occur when undisciplined macroeconomic
policies and inconsistent or ineffective financial regulatory policies heighten the risks associated with volatile capital flows . But we can take it a step further back : people ’ s income is lower and
their jobs are insecure because they were not spending a short time ago – and so on , backwards in time , in a repeating feedback loop . Both India and Pakistan are nuclear powers , and the history of bloody
warfare between them presents a major and ongoing security threat to South Asia . Above all , many Israelis ( if not most ) believe that this is no time to be imaginative and daring . The garrulous minister
called the intrusion just one little spot “ ” of acne on the otherwise beautiful face “ ” of the bilateral relationship – a mere blemish that could be treated with “ an ointment . ” But where can I go ?
Members of the Uzbek security service visited me here at Guantánamo and accused me of being a member of the Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan . The cynical answer about photo opportunities may or may not be
correct . But it underscores that decisions about what to delegate to the EU are often the result of short-sighted conflicts between national and European bureaucracies rather than the product of a carefully
thought-out institutional design . During a recent trip to Brazil , my taxi driver complained about Sao Paulo s bumpy streets and highways ’ . Fruit fly genes are surprisingly similar to ours--as they are
to those of most other creatures . Even many aspects of their behavior resemble our own . At the same time , the European Parliament will have far greater powers . It will have joint decision-making authority
in many more areas , including the budget . Nations that cannot afford to field expeditionary forces capable of performing the full spectrum of 21st-century missions should make greater use of specialization
to enhance their contribution to Europe s collective defense ’ . But states that specialize in a capability should do so as a part of a country cluster “ ” to minimize the risk of a nation facing a military
challenge that its forces are unprepared to meet . Six factors played a key role here : Consider the story of Shenyang-based Neusoft Group , China 's largest publicly traded software company , with sales
of $ 134 million last year . But there is not , which is both puzzling and worrisome . Of course , the world has been served a lot worse since . The list could continue , but we already have reason enough
to conclude that getting the best out of the new Treaty will be the best that the EU and its member states can do . The first ingredients of a common collective identity have been injected into the EU
s enlarged membership ’ , which is still marked by diverse positions , sensitivities , and expectations . Though he has not specified exactly when he will do so , the endgame for the DPJ government has
begun . Why is this bailout happening in the world s most avowedly capitalist country ’ ? In the recent election campaign , the LDP continued to criticize the previous DPJ government s immaturity ’ , but
avoided attacks on other parties . Instead , the LDP highlighted the beneficial effects of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe s reforms ’ ( colloquially known as “ Abenomics ) ” , such as increased share prices
, faster GDP growth , and higher employment , all of which have created hope for a turnaround in Japan s prospects ’ . In a scenario that looks uncannily like the spread of a global pandemic , the economist
Thomas Holmes has prepared a dynamic map simulation showing the spread of Wal-Mart stores throughout the United States . Starting at the epicenter in Bentonville , Arkansas , where Sam Walton opened his
first store in 1962 , giant boxy Wal-Mart stores have now multiplied to the point where the average American lives less than seven kilometers from an outlet . With the creation one year ago of a $ 200 billion
sovereign wealth fund , the China Investment Corporation , Beijing positioned itself for more equity investment ( although its early investments , in the Blackstone Group and Morgan Stanley , were widely
criticized ) . Should the world steam head-on into another Kyoto Protocol-style agreement ? Economic success , on this view , is best left to the unfettered play of market forces . The failure has been dramatic
. This is already the case in Greece , but the fate of the euro will be decided in the larger , systemically important countries like Italy and Spain . That doesn ’ t mean that we are advocating a move to
socialism ; we want better and smarter regulation , not regulation for its own sake . We see five keys to recovery : And , while foreign lenders are happy to extend RMB loans , they are not welcome by foreign
borrowers . At best , it seems that the time path of extractions can be tilted toward the future . But the right will have none of this , and instead is pushing for even more tax cuts for corporations and
the wealthy , together with expenditure cuts in investments and social protection that put the future of the US economy in peril and that shred what remains of the social contract . IMF consultations and
evaluations have had little impact outside of economies that are heavily dependent on IMF programs . Outside Japan , Asia policymakers certainly don t ’ seem amenable to exchange-rate appreciation Sarah
Palin and Glenn Beck are heirs to a long line of preachers and politicians who made their fortunes by stirring up anxious crowds , promising them Heaven on Earth , or at least a place in Heaven . Spain
, for example , was not running a fiscal deficit coming into the crisis . By 2009 , the US budget deficit had climbed to more than 10 % of GDP , thanks to increased expenditures and plummeting tax revenues
during the recession . Moreover , there is a serious shortage of health-care workers – just 1.3 per 1,000 rural inhabitants in China . As for power transition , much attention nowadays is lavished on a supposed
American decline , often with facile historical analogies to Britain and Rome . Eastern Europe also has a big stake in the outcome of the French referendum . BRUSSELS – A key question confronts the four
presidents of Europe s major institutions ’ ( the European Commission , the European Council , the European Central Bank , and the Eurogroup ) as they prepare their report on how to reform the common currency
: Does the eurozone need its own budget ? In its June 2011 survey , China was ranked 91st , behind Mongolia , Albania , and Belarus . If we don ’ t , the next one will come sooner than we think . The SD has
sought to position itself as the sole defender of gays and Jews in the face of intolerance stoked by large-scale Muslim immigration in the past two decades . But deposit insurance leads to other problems
, which first appeared with the Savings and Loan crisis in the US during the 1980 's . Whether certain resources will produce power depends upon the context . Given the stakes , this is a task worth doing
despite the high risk of failure . The G-20 asked the International Monetary Fund to prepare a road map for the policies that countries will have to follow to restore stable global growth . But neither
the G-20 nor the IMF can impose its will on national governments – nor should they . Because Russia claims the status of a world power , it is expected to show restraint and responsibility . For instance
, children who live on one side of the river can now attend school on the other side during the rainy season . For emerging markets , the first seven-year phase of plentiful capital flows occurred in 1975-1981
, with the recycling of petrodollars in the form of loans to developing countries . Many expected that America would call for a collective NATO response . Unlike Japan , for example , with its de facto one-party
government for most of the period since 1945 , the lifespan of Turkish governments averaged around 14 months between 1960 and 2000 . Consider the rise of China and India . Inflation implies higher long-term
interest rates until markets regain confidence in the central bank . Now European countries finance 42 % of IMF lending and 62 % of concessional World Bank lending . This task will have to be shared by
emerging countries with large reserves . But they also wanted banks to direct more resources to financing domestic investments and industry . The bank reforms generally did punish the bankers , but they
were not successful in promoting new bank lending . The Nobel laureate economist Robert Solow has shown that growth comes from three sources : the working population , capital investment , and technological
progress . A growing young population helps to maintain fiscal balance and ensure intergenerational equity , but it does not by itself increase incomes . Over the past two decades , high unemployment has
transformed Europe in general and Germany in particular into a sociological time bomb . The Stealth Threat to World Trade The government could have used the crisis to nationalize all banks and companies
in financial distress . What is more important about Tymoshenko is her record in government . Last September , the world stood on the edge of a global financial meltdown . But the cause of nuclear non-proliferation
is now in deep trouble , as countries are once again tempted to acquire the means of oblivion . The threat of crisis in 2011 has eased , but doubts about the longer term remain . Some are recalcitrant and
are more than willing to see the euro rise because , with rate hikes off the table , the strong euro may be the only way left for fighting the incipient inflation they fear . In short , the American consumer
s nightmare ’ is far from over . It could be authorized to enter into trade agreements as well as agreements concerning individuals ( for example , admission and circulation of foreigners , or extradition
) , plus the right to seek admission to the UN ( which does not require full sovereignty and independence ) . But violence should never be tolerated . But these reports are more an example of sensationalist
media latching on to a hot topic than a true account of the deterioration of scientific values . At the same time , it could be argued that the spectacle of the opening ceremony was intended to overcome
China s historic humiliation ’ by the West and signal a new chapter . And we need to encourage people to think and reflect more . Above all , we need to enhance the public s grasp ’ of the energy sector
as a whole . The crisis consists in nothing less than an effort by the major drug cartels to tame and suborn the Mexican state , and not just in the strip along the United States border , though the epicenter
of the crisis is there . Obviously , the cartels leaders ’ do not have designs on Mexico s presidential palace ’ . Of course , it is tempting for Europe not to propose or do anything , and simply wait for
the Iraqi crisis to sweep John Kerry into the White House and George Bush back to Texas . That has not stopped pundits and the media from exaggerating such fears , distracting from greater efforts to overcome
protracted stagnation for much of the developed world , which will inevitably drag down economic recovery elsewhere , especially in developing countries . Moreover , the region had relied excessively on
foreign savings to support growth , with many countries running large long-term current-account deficits . Imaginative solutions are needed to make Spain s restless regions ’ , particularly Catalonia and
the Basque Country , fit comfortably within Spain . Whether Hamas can actually be transformed into a more moderate organization is impossible to say right now . The Republicans magnified their economic quackery
by frantically trying to minimize public perceptions of the long-run fiscal problems of America 's social-insurance system , largely to deflect attention from the fact that Bush threw away the budget surpluses
President Clinton had bequeathed him - and with them what may have been the country 's last best chance to fix things in this regard short of some form of disaster . In its first years , Al Jazeera was
simultaneously hailed as a pioneering media outlet for reform in the Arab world and as an instigator of internal conflict and strife . Almost every Arab ruler at one time or another attempted to silence
the station by closing its local bureau and pressing the Qatari rulers to muzzle its freewheeling journalists . After all , it would be much cheaper to expand existing land pipelines than to build undersea
. Ali Ben Bongo s accession ’ in Gabon showed that even sizeable challenges posed by a largely unplanned transition can be overcome , but in Cameroon the succession is likely to be less smooth . If our behavior
is based on fear , we will look with suspicion on all those who are different from us , deepening the alienation of the millions inside and outside our countries who believe that they cannot integrate
into even the most open societies . Their response could , in turn , call into question that very openness . Solidarity urgently needed to become legal again , to substitute a lasting institutional reality
for its still enduring existence as a national myth . After all , none of the Muslim world s problems and conflicts ’ with the West are susceptible to a military solution . Moreover , the Alliance is not
an entirely incoherent proposal if the objective is that the West disengage from the politics of hubris and establish a genuine sphere of cooperation with the Muslim world in economics , culture , and
science . But improved surveillance is essential to ensure that the global economy remains on an even keel . By clarifying what surveillance entails , the new decision should help the IMF and its members
see eye to eye on the Fund s role ’ , help those involved in surveillance do their job properly , and make the Fund more accountable for delivering on this key responsibility . For reasons of history ,
morality , and security , Africa should be regarded as a particular European responsibility . If these were commercial loans , creditors would consider restructuring them – extending the payment schedule
and typically writing down principal . But , in America s home mortgage market ’ , this is much less common . This , in turn , might draw Jordan into the affairs of the West Bank , just as Egypt is being
drawn against its will into the affairs of Gaza . But its losses were not significant enough to enable any of the four main opposition parties – the Action Congress of Nigeria ( ACN ) , the Congress for
Progressive Change ( CPC ) , the All Progressives Grand Alliance ( APGA ) , or the All Nigeria People s Party ’ ( ANPP ) – to take its place . Latin America has more ( formal ) democracy , higher foreign-trade
turnover , a larger middle class , and more advanced technology than it had 20 years ago . Army commander Ashfaq Kiyani has shown no interest in taking over the state , as his predecessor , General Pervez
Musharraf , did . The trouble is that you can measure quantity of stuff , but not quality of life . Suzuki has a market share of 55.6 % in the compact and mid-size car market in India , whose middle class
, car purchasing public , accounts for 200-300 million of the country s 1.15 billion people ’ . Domestic politics in the US is also getting in the way of Obama s foreign-policy goals ’ . So far , there have
been few open scandals . NEW YORK – It was a decade ago that 19 terrorists took control of four planes , flew two into the twin towers of the World Trade Center , hit the Pentagon with a third , and crashed
the fourth in a field in Pennsylvania after passengers resisted and made it impossible for the terrorists to complete their malevolent mission . In a matter of hours , more than 3,000 innocent people ,
mostly Americans , but also people from 115 other countries , had their lives suddenly and violently taken from them . Luckily , the leaders of Europe ’ s three biggest states are different people than
in 2004 . Angela Merkel , Nicolas Sarkozy , and Gordon Brown appear to have a clearer appreciation of the Union s security problems ’ to its east , and so may find the will to act decisively now , rather
than dither as their predecessors did when Ukraine moved into crisis in 2004 . Mittal won . So the shareholders chose to cash in on a temporary bonus , taking a risk on the progressive erosion of the firm
, and perhaps the end of its policy of focusing on high quality while treating its workers with respect . But most models find results within the IPCC range of a sea-level increase of 18 to 59 centimeters
( 7-23 inches ) this century . MILAN – I have just had the privilege of speaking at the main annual conference of Germany s Economic Council ’ , the economic and business arm of the Christian Democratic
Union , the current governing party . But the lesson of 1931 is only in part financial or economic . The 1931 crisis was so big and so destructive because it was a financial drama that played out on a geo-political
stage . “ Asia ” may not exist culturally , historically , religiously , socially , and economically , the way that Europe does . It is a much more varied continent . The market has already taken the measure
of the past week ’ s tensions , driving up the price of some oil contracts to their highest levels in eight months . Vicente Fox probably feels tempted to hit the piñata as it hangs there and go back home
with whatever he can get . All of this results in an economy that grows too little , where the weakest are condemned to a life of exclusion and are deprived of any opportunity for upward mobility . When
markets create an international consensus on the future price of homes in cities around the world , we will be better able to manage the risks facing these cities , thereby stabilizing their economies
– and our own lives . Rich countries would buy bed nets from companies that produce them and work with African governments to distribute them free of charge to every African household . Ireland and the UK
suffer some of the highest rates - 120 and 105 , respectively - whereas other Western European and most Central European countries remain below the average . Third , despite some significant improvements
, major deficiencies in the coverage and quality of infrastructure are clearly affecting competitiveness and increasing costs . Climate change ever more clearly threatens our planet . Individuals who have
a strong sense of civicism can make decisions based on more than mere patriotism when it comes to national commitments . As it is , Greece is hurting less than Denmark , although its fundamentals are much
worse . But , unlike three decades ago , when the Japanese regarded China as one of their most favored countries , public opinion in both countries nowadays registers more negative feelings than positive
ones . Behind the smiles , the polite interactions , and the cautiously worded diplomatic language , strong undercurrents of suspicion remain . Moreover , the actual behavior of oil prices is consistent
with speculation . As the Alstom case suggests , the French have a different model in mind . Rather than supporting R &amp; D with large defense budgets , they prefer to do it directly , subsidizing French
high-tech firms . An enlightened strategy must encourage China to grow “ green , ” as opposed to growing rapidly now and facing massive environmental costs later . The reward would be acceptance by the rest
of the world of China s ’ rise . Such migration is easier in the US than within the euro-zone or even within European countries . Helicopters skittered on the Embassy 's rooftop . The United Nations Environment
Programme s Sustainable Energy Finance Initiative ’ estimates that investment in renewable energy has reached $ 100 billion worldwide , or 18 % of new investment in the power sector . The Initiative ,
which involves some 170 financial institutions , also estimates that market financing for clean and renewable energies could reach $ 1.9 trillion by 2020 . Imagine , for example , the horrific situation
consequences ofarising from an atomic explosion in some American city . Behind the idea of a particular model of growth was the belief that a sensibly ordered state could somehow capture and eternalize
the fruits of economic success . But humanity will pay a far dearer price for inaction . After all , senior bankers had been claiming that these assets were “ mispriced , ” and that pricing them at market
levels would penalize the banks unnecessarily . When the girl ’ s murdered body was found six months later , the family and the police thought she might still be alive , because The News of the World s
operatives ’ were deleting messages when her phone s mailbox ’ became full . The crisis that began in 2007 originated in the sub-prime mortgage sector in the United States , and in US banks that were “
too big to fail , ” prompting many observers at the outset to predict the end of American financial capitalism . But the banks that were most affected were elsewhere , and the long-term winners will be
a few American banks – including some of the most notoriously weak banks – which will get bigger as a result of the crisis . Iraq s Jobs-for-Peace Mirage ’ The European Commission recently lost much of its
standing in the eyes of ordinary Europeans with the vitriolic fights between the Council and the Commission over the defunct Stability Pact and the failure to approve the draft constitution . The three
primary points of controversy are : the identity of the victims , the perpetrators , and the relevance of a just cause . Concurrent with diminishing labor income , government-imposed ceilings on bank deposits
– the primary savings vehicle for most households – have held down household capital income . Successive governments , not companies , are responsible for the most damaging outsourcing in France – that
of responsibility . Li must ensure that China s economy ’ , which still boasts significant growth potential , does not sink into lethargy and fall into the so-called middle-income trap “ . ” Ukrainians ,
on the other hand , are close to us in their culture and mentality . If they made a different choice , why can ’ t we do the same ? There will be consequences , of course , for Russia s relations ’ with
the West . The NLA has begun to rearm . Direct diplomatic and strategic engagement between the US and Iran at the highest levels is a proposition yet to be tested . By pursuing this route after he takes
office , Obama will force Iran to make a choice : does it want to be a state that is fully integrated into the global economy , or does it want to be an ideology “ ” with rogue status ? Some observers cite
these episodes as evidence of decline in America s international clout ’ . But there ’ s a larger point : so far , except for relatively small sums offered to the Kyrgyz , Russia and China haven t ’ offered
much help . According to Barro , the consequences of enhanced fear of a general or unpredictable catastrophe depend on how it affects the global pool of savings . Fear as much as institutional blockages
may be the source of what is either a global savings glut or a global investment shortfall , depending on how you view it . Although the UN and my country recognize the value of forests , both ecologically
and economically , such recommendations are not strong enough to stop my local council from voting “ yes ” to deforestation . This new family model has gained so much force that it is imposing itself on
rural society , too , where the decline of the agrarian economy is accompanied by a strong shift towards smaller families . While consolidation may imply some short-term costs , especially in a recession
, the long-term costs of delay are large . The Red and the Blue Of course , it is only the first-round effects that are similar . In the 1930 s ’ , the control of banks went hand in hand with the control
of capital movements and in the end with the fixing of exchange rates . The alternative of continued capital movements , facilitated by major financial institutions , and flexible exchange rates was set
out by a few economists , notably the Austrian Gottfried Haberler , but found no political resonance . The number of states sponsoring terrorism has decreased over the past decade . But , whether or not
you oppose the death penalty , two lessons can be drawn from the debate . First , the fight for human dignity and respect for life , as with any struggle for human rights , is set in motion and tenaciously
pursued by members of civil society , by individuals more than by states . And why does the housing market in so many other countries now reflect similar conditions ? Many in the elite have even turned their
ire at foreign news media for allegedly distorting the truth by overplaying the protesters grievances ’ . Of course – indeed , above all – in such circumstances the immense investments needed to overcome
underdevelopment and the disabilities that it entails are increasingly forgotten by the world of international finance . Having seen its currency appreciate dramatically in recent years , Prime Minister
Shinzo Abe s new government ’ is taking steps to alter the country s exchange-rate dynamic ’ – and is succeeding . In just over two months , the yen has weakened by more than 10 % against the dollar and
close to 20 % against the euro . To be sure , no court gets every decision right , or pleases all parties . Harsh reforms have followed this starvation diet . Before 1991 there were 4,500 research and development
( R &amp; D ) institutes in Russia . Of course my proposed " transformations " may sound too good to be possible . In defense I wish to cite the great Harvard philosopher John Rawls , who died recently
. Membership itself will certainly help . Protectionism is no solution to the crisis , whereas a transatlantic free-trade agreement would favor multilateralism and openness . Voters tend to credit increases
in minimum wages , pensions , and social transfers to the government that provides them . Therefore , the Fed and the ECB must continue to tend to their own shops and leave it to the currency markets to
set the exchange rate . America ’ s support for democracy in the region heightens its dilemma . How can the Bush administration support free elections , and then reject the Palestinians choice ’ ? Between
2001and 2006 , Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi aggressively tackled Japan ’ s fiscal problems . Koizumi sought smaller government and set clear numerical targets for fiscal consolidation , including a
primary budget balance in 10 years . War is strengthening the hand of those who regard terror as the only effective weapon , thus creating a breeding ground for more violence , insecurity , and extremism
across the Middle East . With moderates being marginalized , the long-term effect will be to undermine democratization efforts in the region . Soon after the bloody crackdown on Tiananmen , a new orthodoxy
replaced Chinese Marxism : Chinese nationalism . RAMALLAH – A political leader s ’ decision not to seek re-election usually triggers fervent discussion about potential heirs . Yet , President Mahmoud Abbas
s withdrawal ’ from the presidential election scheduled for January 24 , 2010 , has produced nothing of the kind in Palestine not – because of a dearth of leadership or a reluctance to mention possible
successors , but because the presidency of the Palestinian Authority has become irrelevant . The world could fight back with general health services in at-need areas along with more focused efforts to combat
HIV and malaria . But to many , if not most , biologists , experimental evidence , however fallible , still provided a surer path to truth . They confirm that the conditions for a democratic order are present
. Thus , they are not the first step in the process of democratisation , but the last step in a preparatory phase in which at least two conditions have been created . Twenty years after the fall of the
Iron Curtain , it remains divided , unable to unify into a global force . But this must be a debate between people , and within people . The problem is that Turkey initially closed the border precisely because
of Nagorno-Karabakh , rather than any bilateral issue . Nevertheless , the promise of great cost savings and major advances in service delivery is at hand . The world s economies ’ , rich and poor alike
, have much to gain from accelerated innovation in the information age . And , if action prevents the problem , the public never experiences the averted calamity , and voters therefore penalize political
leaders for the immediate costs that the action entails . Health conditions in many of the poorest countries in the world are shockingly bad , and in some cases getting worse . Will the North s would-be
leaders ’ be able to manage the country s stock ’ of nuclear weapons responsibly and safely without transferring a few of them abroad , much less respond to international pressure to dismantle them in
a reasonable and flexible manner ? But it is clear that the fall of the renminbi against other currencies that has resulted from the Fed s policy ’ of quantitative easing now gives the Chinese scope for
more rapid appreciation of the renminbi relative to the dollar . The story of a possible US default is resonant in precisely this way , implicating as it does America s sense ’ of pride , fragile world
dominance , and political upheavals . They were wrong to do so . The participatory process , so critical in any constitution making , was hijacked . The public was presented with one choice : “ yes ” or
“ no . ” The baby boom , of course , started immediately after World War II and peaked in 1960 . When Women Lead Consider the vast investment and entrepreneurial activity that China has elicited through a
hybrid system of property rights and a legal regime that is as far as imaginable from the Anglo-American system . But official bravura has little sympathy beyond this narrow circle . It is as if German political
elites think that they are back in the era of the gold standard . But , even back then , what mattered was the amount of gold you owned – not where it was actually stored . It needs tangible , institutionalized
arrangements that will assure a skeptical Israeli public and make a return of hostilities difficult . The March 15 agreement was not politically viable , and was overwhelmingly rejected by the Cypriot parliament
. So it was only a matter of time until this powder keg was ignited . He survived it , and went on to win a second , a third , and then a fourth term . Fish learn to avoid unpleasant experiences , like electric
shocks . It can be a living illustration that religion is no longer afraid of democracy and that democracy is no longer afraid of religion . Kunio Okina , director of the Bank of Japan 's Institute for Monetary
and Economic Studies , resists inflation targeting for this reason . What the court should not do is order the hospital to continue to care for Golubchuk against the better judgment of its health care professionals
. The Global Fund to Fight AIDS , TB , and Malaria emerged , and has since saved millions of lives , with malaria deaths in Africa alone falling by at least 30 % . They made piles of money . Now we have awakened
to an existential crisis for the common currency . Moreover , the justice of the distribution of risks and benefits is questionable when research subjects are concentrated on a vulnerable segment of our
society . Restoring stability and a fair democratic system to Moldova is important , first and foremost , because Moldovans deserve a government that is accountable . Stability is also important because
the country borders on Romania , a European Union member state . Only a return to a national currency – and a sharp depreciation of that currency – can restore competitiveness and growth . In that case ,
inflation could easily rise to 1980 s ’ ( if not quite 1970 s ) levels ’ throughout much of the world . And unemployed workers in the US lose their benefits after 99 weeks , making the political imperative
for macroeconomic action much stronger than in Europe , where unemployment rose more slowly and benefits are more generous . To be sure , international finance economists also see US exports benefiting
as the value of the dollar declines , but the lags in demand are such that the export boost will come a year or two after the decline in consumption and investment spending . Analysts such as John Mearsheimer
of the University of Chicago have flatly proclaimed that China cannot rise peacefully , and predict that “ the United States and China are likely to engage in an intense security competition with considerable
potential for war . ” Doubts about the authenticity of the final results will create a danger of instability . As people in the developing world live longer , they are increasingly experiencing chronic disease
; indeed , half of all deaths this year will be from chronic diseases in Third World countries . WASHINGTON , DC – It is increasingly common to hear prominent American and European central bankers proclaim
, with respect to the crisis of 2008-2010 , the following verdict : “ We did well . ” If the Community does something that affects someone 's rights , he or she can go to court . Why don t rational and informed
investors ’ take more steps to bet heavily on fundamentals and against the enthusiasms of the uninformed crowd ? And he still has time to vindicate Woodrow Wilson s belief ’ that a president “ can be just
as big a man as he chooses to be . ” As Europe changes , so too does America – in terms of its demographic and social composition , economic and political structures , geopolitical orientation and national
psychology . At least one newspaper came out with its news pages completely blank . Wealthy nations cannot hope to remain healthy if poorer nations do not . Until recently , the overlapping claims on the
4.6 square kilometers were not a serious issue . When the EMP was re-launched “ ” in 2008 under the newly established Union for the Mediterranean ( UfM ) to give it greater political emphasis , the result
was an exercise in “ realism ” that further weakened the original EMP . Part of the explanation for the ALP s meltdown ’ is the tension created by certain peculiarities of the Australian political system
. But the European market will not grow to any significant extent for the foreseeable future . Europe ’ s retained wealth and accrued cultural resources will allow the old continent to live in relative
comfort in the decades ahead , even if it gradually cedes its position in the production of goods and services . The recent willingness of ordinary Chinese to condemn corruption publicly is a harbinger
, one hopes , of real anti-corruption reforms from the country ’ s new leadership . An independent judiciary , financial disclosure by government officials , and other independent institutions have been
essential to limiting and forestalling – though not fully eliminating – corruption in the United States and most other advanced capitalist democracies . So the danger is that , when the party ends – and
it is hard to know when that will be – a lot of mopping up will need to be done . PARIS – “ Who lost Turkey ? ” European policy makers thus have cause for concern . But some of the children urinated blood
, others have suffered long-term health problems , and at least six died . Furthermore , you are what you do with what you eat.Combining fat and carbohydrate places high demands on the metabolic process
. And adding sugar is particularly egregious . But the new president , the Muslim Brotherhood s Mohamed Morsi ’ , has ordered the parliament to reconvene . Its defeat , therefore , was seen as a successful
Asian challenge to the West , in which China , its intellectuals felt , was represented by Japan . One leading expert on Indonesia , Benedict Anderson , roots Indonesia s nature ’ in its core Javanese culture
, particularly the wayang religious tradition . Throughout the crisis , it has been widely assumed – at least so far – that the eurozone core would remain solid , and would continue to write the checks
for the periphery s distressed governments and banks ’ . That assumption appeared plausible . Everyone is afraid of China , which remains relatively peaceable , but no longer bothers to conceal its growing
military capacity . With no pan-Asian security architecture expected to emerge in the near future , the West s departure ’ from the region is generating a security vacuum . Iceland showed that responding
to the crisis by imposing capital controls could help small countries manage its impact . And the US Federal Reserve s quantitative easing ’ “ ” ( QEII ) made the demise of the ideology of unfettered markets
inevitable : money goes to where markets think returns are highest . Thus , despite today 's political quiet , major cleavage between apparently unchallenged leaders and shifting popular moods may be gaining
strength below the surface . But this system integrity idea “ ” is somewhat vague and difficult to test . That all changed when Al Qaeda , a Sunni terrorist force that draws heavily on Saudi Wahabbi ideology
and personnel , launched its attacks on America in September 2001 . A specifically Sunni brand of militant Islam was now on the march . MUNICH – “ It ’ s not the euro that ’ s in danger , but the public
finances of individual European countries . ” One hears this everywhere nowadays , but it ’ s not true . So far , that transformation , initiated following legislative elections in November 2010 , has been
breathtaking . Partly for these reasons , using currencies to hedge overall portfolios , or to have exposures that are related to other asset markets , has become increasingly popular . Now is the time for
Europe to ensure that this hope is not extinguished . To be sure , it is widely agreed that aid for disaster relief and assistance to conflict-affected countries are effective . I describe it in detail in
my new book Financial Turmoil in Europe and the United States . According to the environmental Kuznets curve ( EKC ) , degradation and pollution increase enormously at the early stages of economic growth
. But , above a certain per capita income threshold , that trend reverses itself : at high income levels , economic growth correlates with environmental improvement , leading to the dubious conclusion
that it might be possible to achieve sustainable growth without deviating from “ business as usual ( maintaining ” current emissions levels ) . Some of these discussions might involve representatives of
states that are not part of the P5 + 1 , including governments that have closer relations with Iran . It will have relieved a shortage of longer-term assets by creating a shortage of high-quality assets
, and so be in a worse position than it was before . He may play a good cop-bad cop routine “ ” with President Dmitri Medvedev . But the bad cop , Putin , is the real boss . For central banks , holding reserves
in the same currency as other central banks means holding the most liquid asset . In short , they over-interpreted short-term market movements , simplistically portraying them as long-term trends . Japan
, for example , has confronted only a $ 157 billion decline in its annualized trade balance . It would be good to believe that they will be effective , but so far we have little proof . A vendor s ’ testimonial
that nine out of 10 , or 99 out of 100 , customers are satisfied with the results will hardly be convincing , because those who fail to improve will have less interest in participating . Awkwardly for environmentalists
, Nature put corrosive bitumen in the dirt . Consider , for example , the three issues that are at the center of the global agenda mentioned earlier : climate change , financial regulation , and trade .
Romney has been silent on the first , and many in his party are “ climate deniers . ” They don ’ t have to : the country ’ s natural resources are a disadvantage here , because the rich don t need ’ to
work hard . ” It has proved to be impossible to distinguish , either biologically or symptomatically , between different varieties of these conditions , which thus constitute a continuum – most likely of
complexity , rather than severity . The worst case would be if China disregarded a decisive pro-democracy win in 2007 and 2008 and continued to insist that Hong Kong 's people were unready for democracy
or to allege foreign manipulation of the pro-democracy camp . Hong Kong 's people may well conclude that they have no alternative but to use every occasion to protest chief executive Tung Chee-hwa 's unpopular
government , making it even harder for him to govern . This was a place where fingernails of countless victims were ripped out , where others were strung upside down and dunked in barrels of water , where
many were brutalized with metal prongs and batons . Our evolved intuitions do not necessarily give us the right or consistent answers to moral dilemmas . Brazilian courts were reputed in 2000 to handle investors
lawsuits ’ slowly and poorly , and they are reputed to handle them slowly and poorly today . Even basic elements of business organization – like limiting public shareholders obligation ’ for corporate
debts – are said by Brazilian legal experts , such as Bruno Salama , to remain an open question , with all shareholders potentially exposed , especially in labor and tax lawsuits . Elsewhere , supply constraints
are not the problem . Instead , policymakers must find ways to strengthen the incentives for parents to send their daughters to school . Further east , their contemporaries have also grown up in a post-Soviet
world . Xenophobes , as well as leftist multi-cultural ideologues , regarded these new Europeans as utterly different from the native born , albeit for different reasons . What if , say , Taiwan and China
were to face off ? Would Europe and America be on the same side ? Savings could remain high , even as current consumption grows slowly , while the trade balance would be held in check by higher demand for
imported capital goods . No matter what criterion one uses , Japan 's economy remains the most closed among OECD countries and one of the most closed in the world . Could they expect to see US troops and
bases along the Chinese border on the Yalu River , or perhaps a string of listening posts to gather intelligence ? The European Union s policy ’ in the Middle East is the litmus test of its common foreign
and security policy . Does this matter , though ? Markets and economic power rest upon political frameworks , which in turn depend not only upon norms , institutions , and relationships , but also upon the
management of coercive power . A well-ordered modern state is one that holds a monopoly on the legitimate use of force , and that allows domestic markets to operate . There is no guarantee that Santos s
strategy ’ will succeed . But Colombians have earned a genuine opportunity to end their country ’ s conflict . Second , Franco-German cooperation has shown itself all the more indispensable in the enlarged
Union . The security sector may , it seems , emerge from this crisis as the only winner . It will enforce the rule of law , but only for a price . But the needs of growing medium-size enterprises cannot
be met by microfinance institutions . Fidel s appearance ’ at the Party s ’ congress – an event full of political significance , because he has only rarely participated in public events since becoming sick
in 2006 – seemed to confirm his support for this outcome . But these spasms will not revive the corpse . NEW YORK If George Orwell – were alive today , he would be irritated , and then shocked , by the cynical
way in which every lobby with an axe to grind and money to burn has hitched its wagon to the alluring phrase “ sustainable development . ” In fact , the United Nations Rio + 20 Conference ’ on Sustainable
Development is about pet projects of all and sundry many – of them tangential to the major environmental issues , such as climate change , that were the principal legacy of the original Rio Earth Summit
. Liberalization could have reinvigorated the rural sector by reversing the collapse in cashew tree planting . The NAM played an important role during the Cold War . The defaults of that time were not confined
to one country , but swept across the globe in a contagious panic that destroyed financial systems in lending as well as borrowing countries . Finally , there is a long history of underground lending and
borrowing in some of China ’ s east coast region , especially in Wenzhou . Whenever monetary tightening causes bank credit to shrink , small and medium-size private enterprises are prepared to borrow at
suicidally high interest rates from relatives or loan sharks . Even so , scaling-up multilateral support will require a massive overhaul of international finance . PARIS Mali – is a landlocked West African
country of 15 million people , covering 1,240,000 square kilometers ( 478,800 square miles ) , three-quarters of it desert . In the fourteenth century , the powerful Mali Empire included parts of modern-day
Senegal , Guinea , and Niger . They fervently believed that he was on their side , and voted overwhelmingly for him up to the end , even when they knew that he was dying of cancer . It is a noble set of
goals , but it sometimes appears to be distant from the region 's political realities . Yet the desire to hold assets that avoid the medium-term risks associated with the business cycle has overwhelmed
this long-run fundamental risk factor . There were many occasions when South Africa s fate appeared touch and go ’ . The G-8 was no longer an appropriate vehicle for global economic governance , given the
need to stabilize financial markets around the world . The Pope believed that he could either condemn both totalitarian powers or condemn neither of them . Instead , displaced families should quickly be
given vouchers so that they can obtain an appropriate home without delay . On the preventive front , countless lives can be saved by simple actions such as flood-proofing coastlines , or strengthening earthquake
codes for hospitals and schools . Countries like Bangladesh and Mozambique have proven that disaster risk reduction and preparedness can be a life-saving investment . In other words , the current pause
“ for reflection ” is not the time to change the draft s text ’ ( although the intergovernmental conference could move the third part , which harmonizes the earlier treaties , to an annex ) . Rather ,
the task is to alter the political and socio-psychological context of the ratification process by addressing key questions . With the upcoming withdrawal of the US and NATO from Afghanistan , the potential
for turmoil in the region between North Africa and the Hindu Kush will increase significantly on its eastern edge . The justification offered for these new impositions is that overseas banks have moved
beyond their traditional lending business to engage in substantial and often complex capital-market activities . Among residents of the Iranian capital , the share of “ nationalists ” soared from 38 % in
2000 to 59 % in 2005 . Such a convoluted command system will make it difficult to react to any rapidly developing crisis or threat . These pegged rates were not immutable . If public opinion polls are to
be believed , on May 29 the French will reject the European Union s draft constitutional treaty ’ . Abe has demanded that the Bank of Japan pursue a quantitative-easing strategy that will deliver an inflation
rate of 2-3 % and weaken the yen . He will soon appoint a new BOJ governor and two deputy governors , who will , one presumes , be committed to this goal . The ability to organize via the Web is mind boggling
. In Italy , Silvio Berlusconi s government ’ also appears tainted with right-wing populism and xenophobia . He , like William Hague and George W Bush , is promising to slash taxes . It is an oasis of peace
, if not dynamism . The zone promises to kick-start a new round of liberalizing reforms and help China s economy ’ adapt to the latest demands of globalization . It is not surprising that questions about
genetic tests should receive special attention in Germany , given the national imperative of avoiding any repetition of the crimes of the Nazi era . But , in their laudable desire to distance themselves
as much as possible from those atrocities , Germany ’ s legislators have enacted a law that makes it a crime to use modern science to avoid undoubted human tragedies . Here , clearly , was an elected leader
with the backing of Haiti 's poor , who constituted the bulk of the population . By “ better , ” I mean better ethically , not materially . This will ensure that poorer nations ’ views receive a more sympathetic
hearing in the future . The US could provide leadership by committing to spending 0.05 % of its GDP exploring non-carbon-emitting energy technologies – wind , wave , or solar power or capturing CO2 emissions
– from power plants . It would then have the moral authority to demand that other nations do the same . By focusing more on research and development , and less in carbon cuts , both candidates could embrace
a solution that encourages the best of the American innovative spirit and leaves the best possible legacy to future generations : a high-income , low-carbon energy world . Meanwhile , the US share of global
output has declined . When it comes to migration , we are all in the same boat – and that boat is leaking . Starting in 2012 , countries should redouble their efforts to fix it . Dani Rodrik ’ s 2011 book
The Globalization Paradox criticizes globalization enthusiasts for wanting full liberalization of foreign trade and capital movements ; he argues that when democratically established social arrangements
clash with the demands of globalization , national priorities should take precedence . But the sheikhs are sitting on fixed stocks of oil . If they do not extract it today , they will have to do it in the
future if they want to make a profit . Given the current level of official resources at the disposal of the International Monetary Fund and the European Union , Spain now seems too big to fail yet too big
to be bailed out . In order to separate the problem of the overall housing deficit from the problem of families with inadequate housing , policymakers need to address both supply and demand . On the supply
side , urban land – with all its physical and social infrastructure – must expand quickly enough . But most lack the funds , equipment , and qualified personnel needed to provide basic care for cancer patients
. None of this happened . Even the informational value of television turned out to be a dream : individuals and communities that watch TV often know much less about what is happening in the world than comparable
audiences that do not . For then we are simply saying that God meets God s standards ’ . Those pulling the IRGC s chain ’ are themselves committed to a revolutionary agenda , and doubtless want a nuclear
weapon as badly as the Pasdaran commanders . Several other obstacles must nonetheless be surmounted in order to boost consumption . The restructuring of economies away from finance will necessarily take
some time . Stagnation rather than growth will be the name of the game . South Korea has impressive soft-power potential . But this is unlikely without major legal and administrative reforms , and , more
generally , good governance and ironclad application of the rule of law . For example , the UN High Commission for Refugees helps to alleviate the problems of displaced persons , the World Food Program
provides assistance to malnourished children , and the World Health Organization supports the public health information systems that are crucial for dealing with threats from pandemics like avian flu . Chinese
have long since used the deaths of defrocked leaders as occasions to let out sentiments that can find no expression through the normal political process . During the winter of 1976 , when Premier Zhou
Enlai ( viewed as a relative liberal in the Maoist hierarchy ) died , tens of thousands of people spontaneously flooded Tiananmen Square , giving the Party a tremendous fright . But we can accelerate the
process by strengthening regional cooperation and integration . Sexual impropriety – of whatever flavor – is not among the most important things in the world ; the loss of freedom is . The market for Shinkansen
technology is growing not only in China , but also in the US ( where the state of California wants to build such a system ) and in emerging-market countries such as Brazil . With demand extremely large
, international competition to construct high-speed railway networks is becoming intense , as the lobbying for the California contract demonstrates . Nuclear power is an antiquated technology that requires
billions of euros in subsidies ; so far , German taxpayers have contributed € 196 billion for this purpose . A German government study has estimated that , between 2010 and 2050 , Germany could save more
than 700 billion € by relying on non-nuclear renewable energy instead of nuclear power or imported fossil fuels such as coal , gas , and oil . Another group saw a screensaver with various denominations
of money . The London Whale trades , for example , were from early 2012 ; had they occurred in 2008 , when the financial system was fragile , JPM , it is said , would have gotten a legal pass . There is
another reason to be circumspect on the pace of change in Europe . Unlike the United States , Northern Europe has a culture not of entrepreneurship , experimentation , risk taking and deal making . This
is by no means a tactical position or an expression of political naiveté . In this war , which has been going on for nearly a century , it is important to keep one principle in mind : the Palestinians are
Israel s neighbors ’ and will live side by side with Israelis forever . Because of this simple fact , the military considerations are very different from those in a conflict between countries that are
distant from each other . It is no secret that sovereign bonds carry significantly higher borrowing costs than concessional debt does . Students from “ Old Europe ” were energized by the idealism and confidence
emanating from their Polish , Czech , Estonian , and other compatriots . PRINCETON President Barack Obama s administration – ’ spent much of 2009 preoccupied domestically with the political fight over extending
health insurance to the tens of millions of Americans who have none . People living in other industrialized countries find this difficult to understand . The good news is that President Barack Obama has
vowed to veto CISPA . The result is a massive budget deficit , which will expand to gargantuan proportions in the coming year ( perhaps $ 1 trillion ) under the added weight of recession , bank bailouts
, and short-term fiscal stimulus measures . It is in Israel s best interest ’ to reach a settlement with the man who has constantly repudiated his predecessors tactics ’ of armed conflict . But few financial
professionals have been fooled . So , yes , there are plenty of vaguely plausible reasons why the euro , despite its drawn-out crisis , has remained so firm against the dollar so far . Why not , then , quickly
introduce new instruments such as Eurobonds , or create an EU mechanism comparable to the IMF ? We also do not know whether Iran s divided leadership ’ has decided to develop nuclear weapons , or to stop
just short , calculating that the country could derive many of the benefits of possessing nuclear weapons without running the risks or incurring the costs of actually doing so . The best a government plan
can do is to prevent the worst . It is hazardous , therefore , for politicians simply to rely on opinion polls and focus groups to discover what will truly enhance people ’ s happiness . How green America
will actually become remains to be seen , of course , but , as an ecological avant-garde , the US might even regain its lost influence in the world . Those who disdain environmental concerns have been
ousted at the polls in large numbers , companies invest huge amounts in environmental technologies , states are suing car producers for their climate-adverse policies , and the requirements of the Kyoto
Protocol have long been surpassed by some states – a lesson for German and European cities and municipalities . Mexicans responded accordingly , punishing the PAN for overseeing an economy that has grown
only 1.5 % per year on average over the last 12 years , as well as for a level of insecurity that Mexico has not witnessed since its revolution 100 years ago . Suppose , for the sake of argument , that
stabilizing prices came at the cost of a 30 % unemployment rate . But perhaps they will prefer bilateral , ad hoc relations that allow them to extract greater advantage in their transactions with individual
countries . Countries with per capita incomes close to the current Russian level sustain democracy for 15-20 years on average . Russian democracy , born in 1991 , may be nearing its expiration date . Foreign
correspondents accredited in Moscow complained that nothing was happening in Putin s Russia ’ . Like their counterparts in the north , they would still be socially committed , but mindful of their stock
options , as they bored their children with stories of the " I was at Woodstock " variety . It was this flaw in Hayek s reasoning ’ that caused most economists to desert the Hayekian camp and embrace Keynesian
stimulus policies “ ” . As the economist Lionel Robbins recalled : “ Confronted with the freezing deflation of those days , the idea that the prime essential was the writing down of mistaken investments
and … fostering the disposition to save was … as unsuitable as denying blankets and stimulus to a drunk who has fallen into an icy pond , on the ground that his original trouble was overheating . ” Two
more positive notes for 2011 : America seems finally to have awakened to the yawning gap between the rich and the rest – between the top 1 % and everyone else . So is employing young men , educating young
women , and addressing values of liberty and justice , which means ameliorating the sense of indignity in the region that stems from issues like the Israel-Palestine conflict . Under the nuclear Non-Proliferation
Treaty ( NPT ) of which Iran is still a member , countries are entitled to engage in enriching uranium for civilian purposes , and Iran claims that this is all it wants . Saudi terrorists were described
as al fi ’ a al dhallah ( “ the group that has gone astray ) ” . This situation resembles that of declining organizations , as described in Albert O. Hirschman s seminal treatise Exit ’ , Voice , and Loyalty
. GENEVA – Ask most people to name the two biggest causes of death among children , and they will most likely say malaria and HIV . In fact , it is pneumonia and diarrhea – the forgotten killers “ ” – that
are responsible for the highest death toll , claiming more than two million of the most vulnerable lives every year . They progressively lose their predictive value as we all accept and begin to bet on
them . But there can be no real predictive science for a system that may change its behavior if we publish a model of it . Favorable demographic realities are in the mind of policy makers . Prevention is
better than repression . It is likely that the Guardian Council , which can veto legislation and bar candidates from standing in elections , will use its power to shift the balance in favor of Ahmadinejad
s conservative critics ’ . The anti-Ahmadinejad camp s leaders ’ , the brothers Ali and Sadeq Larijani , who head the parliament and judiciary , respectively , will help Khamenei to push the president
from the center of power . In the short term , China s government ’ should discourage further anti-Japanese demonstrations . Economists call these cyclical fiscal boosts ``automatic stabilizers.'' When private
incomes fall, so do public revenues. There is thus little reason to believe that a more explicitly assertive stance is necessary for dealing with the splittist government “ ” in Taipei . He has denounced
and warned Israel , recalled Egypt s ambassador ’ to Tel Aviv , and sent his prime minister to Gaza . But , so far , he has not crossed a single red line . In the strongest of the three economies , the
Fed is willingly risking inflation by pre-announcing its intention to keep the federal funds rate at exceptionally low levels “ at least through mid-2015 . ” In the weakest of the three , by contrast ,
the ECB has no intention of boosting growth through quantitative easing or interest-rate pre-commitments . That is certainly the challenge for China in the long run . She cautioned her colleagues against
loose talk about a Grexit Greece s exit “ ” – ’ from the eurozone – and assured visiting Greek Prime Minister Antonis Samaras that Germany remained committed to his country s membership ’ of the eurozone
. In any case , on March 11 , when Michelle Bachelet crosses the presidential sash over her chest , a new Chile will set itself in motion . The first truly post-Pinochet-era government will have begun . Meanwhile
, China s shadow-banking system ’ has expanded at an unprecedented rate . But here , too , mounting risks have been largely ignored , owing partly to the collateralization of real property , which is believed
to retain its value permanently , and partly to the system of implicit government guarantees that backs loans to local governments and SOEs . Ironically , today ’ s pain stems from one of the great successes
that emerging economies have achieved : the reduction of foreign-currency funding in favor of local-currency debt . As emerging-market central banks leaned against heavy capital inflows in order to mitigate
exchange-rate appreciation , their currencies became less volatile . During the past half-century , genetic engineers , using increasingly powerful and precise tools and resources , have achieved breakthroughs
that are opening up new opportunities in a broad array of fields . The Venter lab ’ s achievement builds on similar work that began decades ago.amp # 160 ; In 1967 , a research group from Stanford Medical
School and Caltech demonstrated the infectiousness of the genome of a bacterial virus called ΦΧ174 , whose DNA had been synthesized with an enzyme using the intact viral DNA as a template , or blueprint
. BERLIN : Like old battle horses feeling young as the bugle sounds , Cold War strategists are feeling the adrenalin mount as missile defense becomes front page news . I wanted to sit with him for a beer
and a cigarette to talk about his love for chess or his favorite books . The French have not yet been able to obtain agreement from the other G-20 members on measures aimed at regulating commodity speculators
, such as limits on the size of their investment positions . But the need for spending cuts also raises the prospect that the US might be unable to finance a military shift toward the Asia-Pacific region
– or , worse , that it will be forced to retrench there . The same is true of tests for the genes that strongly predispose women to breast cancer . As genetics advances , more such late-onset conditions
will become detectable prenatally . Their design for constitutional democracy ensured , in James Madison s words ’ , that ambition would counter ambition and “ the interests of the man ” would be connected
“ to the constitutional rights of the place . ” • Markets work , but require a solid legal framework to function Of course , extinguishing these hot spots will not erode the fanaticism of diehard and suicidal
activists ; nor will it rid us of the avidity and hatred that is so evident among the leaders of Islamic rage . Indeed , five of the 10 leading causes of death worldwide are related to diet and physical
activity : high blood pressure , high cholesterol , low intake of fruit and vegetables , high body mass index , and insufficient exercise . PRINCETON – The euro crisis and Queen Elizabeth s recent Jubilee
’ seem to have nothing in common . They chose to ignore any losses that banks will suffer on loans that will mature after 2010 . Thus , the tests did not take into account a big part of the economic damage
that the crisis imposed on banks . At the euro s planning stage ’ , most observers fell into two camps . But almost no serious intellectual can continue to doubt the common ancestry of all living things
. Yukos Now , Russia \ u0027s Economy Later What caused this change ? The rationale for national health insurance is as clear now as it was to Bismarck 130 years ago . A country ’ s success – whether measured
by the glory of its Kaiser , the expansion of its territory , the security of its borders , or the well-being of its population rests – on the health of its people . But the problem now in Europe is the
opposite : banks are “ national in life , but European in death . ” But there is nothing uniquely Nordic “ ” about this change . The sooner the guns are silenced in Lebanon the better . The result ? Rights
brought home one day ; detention for a month without charge the next . The dominant Arab-Muslim narrative stresses that the coming war has nothing to do with fighting terror . Rather , it is intended to
settle old scores and make Washington the arbiter of Arab destiny and resources , particularly oil . After conventional plant breeding led to the development of rapeseed varieties with low concentrations
of erucic acid , canola oil became the most commonly consumed oil in Canada . They expanded a system of workhouses and poor relief for the destitute , built up municipal water and sewage systems , municipalized
police forces , and oversaw public investment in landmarks that are still with us , such as the Thames Embankment and the Victoria and Albert Museum . The import boom in the United States was much smaller
than that on the EU periphery , but the recent downward revision of US GDP can be seen through the same lens . Their puritanical religious style sets forth an ideal morality with clear-cut rules that are
similar to the constraints of an engineering project . Even in the most difficult circumstances , Africa is indeed on the move . Over the next decade , growth in this kind of developing-country demand will
help offset the slow growth of demand in industrial countries . Yet , increasingly , the South China Sea seems set to become a Lake Beijing “ , ” which analysts say will be to China what the Sea of Okhotsk
was to Soviet Russia : a sea deep enough for the People s Liberation Army s navy ’ ’ to base their nuclear-powered attack submarines , capable of launching missiles with nuclear warheads . In its current
form , India ’ s parliamentary system can produce only non-performing , corrupt governments . It rewards ambition , promotes office-at-any-cost politics , and devalues merit . Others argued that Doha was
dead as negotiated . The US is seen by many Iraqis as a colonial occupier , and is therefore the target of attack not only by loyalists of Saddam Hussein , but by Iraqi nationalists of various sorts , as
well as by Arab fighters from neighboring countries . The result could be more severe variations in climate , with too much water in some regions and not enough in others . After the start of the Asian crisis
, and with the fall in commodities prices , markets began to anticipate currency devaluations in the region . Here in our offices in Johannesburg , we have two Zimbabwean lawyers who fled their country
after receiving death threats for their work defending human rights . Should this happen , growth will collapse , many borrowers will default , and financial chaos could ensue . The US is not a secular society
; it is a religiously pluralistic one with secular legal and political structures . Thanks to a coordinated effort by all major players under the Vienna Initiative , these banks large-scale withdrawal ’
– with potentially far-reaching consequences for the region – was averted in 2009 . But the region s financial sector ’ remains under stress , and a protracted adjustment process still lies ahead in response
to rising levels of non-performing loans and banks recapitalization needs ’ . These principles are reiterated in the Preamble to the Government Program . No one questions the generosity of this mutation
, but it is far from clear that the nearly 15 million families receiving Bolsa Familia will maintain their current income level when the stipend disappears , or that it can be sustained indefinitely .
Bolsa Familia has been a stunning electoral success , and undoubtedly increased bottom-of-the-pyramid consumption in Brazil . Moreover , we found that the CEO s pay slice ’ is related to many aspects of
firms performance and behavior ’ . Changes in education levels , unionization , and productivity are part of the explanation for this instability . But neither Khrushchev , nor Mikhail Gorbachev , nor Boris
Yeltsin were able to uproot Russia s stubborn culture ’ of indifference and subordination , precisely because they insisted on top-down change and expected that the Russian people would simply acquiesce
en masse . The 1990 s ’ may have been a lost decade , but Japan s economy ’ has begun to recover , now growing at more than 2 % a year and boasting several firms that are truly global and hugely successful
. A century later , another American president , Barack Obama , immersed in two hopeless wars in the Middle East , received his Nobel Peace Prize with an apology for “ just wars . ” Other EU countries ,
led by France and Germany , can provide foreign aid . Some point to a shift in the quality “ of life ” : we live longer , have less physically stressful occupations , and have easier access to more food
. As new forms of money reduce these costs , the richness and complexity of our economy will be increased . First , America and the world were victims of their own success . Rapid productivity increases
in manufacturing had outpaced growth in demand , which meant that manufacturing employment decreased . Far more Muslims are still being murdered by fellow Muslims than by Israelis , or indeed by Americans
. But Obama will have to define a clearer US policy , addressing China ’ s rapid rise under an authoritarian regime that aggressively pursues border claims and whips up nationalism at home . Some still do
. The deployment of human capital has become an important factor in explaining why some countries remain stuck in a middle-income trap “ ” and why others cannot break out of low-income status . If it were
todisplace national governments , its burden would be weightless in comparison to what exists today . Presently , diminishing Uyghur activism and decreasing political protests suggest a shift toward withdrawal
. Popular images of past disasters are part of our folklore , often buried in the dim reaches of our memory , but re-emerging to trouble us from time to time . “ I can t even tell ’ you about the way my
clients were tortured or I will be prosecuted , ” he says . Yet control is not creation . Iran has established excellent relations with post-Taliban Afghanistan and post-Saddam Iraq , and the most senior
officials of both countries consistently reject US allegations of Iranian interference . These accusations are designed to portray Iran as a threat to regional stability and frighten other countries into
creating an anti-Iran coalition , with the aim of diverting attention from the consequences of failed US policies not only in Iraq , but also in Lebanon and with respect to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict
. This wealth of experience all points in one direction : Keynes 's teachings are still very much alive , and Argentina today would be in far better shape if his lessons had been taken to heart . Rabin s
murder ’ was a catastrophe from which the peace process has never recovered . No Israeli leader since has shown anything like his far-sighted vision , commitment , and capacity to deliver a negotiated
two-state solution . Each region , therefore , will have to secure its own future . If Golubchuk s children ’ can convince the court that their father is not suffering , the court might reasonably order
the hospital to grant them custody of their father . Some are already up and running . Today , it is the Arab world that tends to use Turkey the way that Europe did in the past . As a result , Turkey is entering
uncharted waters . The retired generals would be tanning beside the Adriatic . Overwhelming proof of Croatia s complicity ’ with Serbia in the dismemberment of Bosnia – something the media have also ignored
– would never have emerged . But this brilliant scientist is still a human being . In some manufacturing sectors , the gaps could be dauntingly large . Profit expectations are falling to earth , as company
after company announces disappointing sales and profits . Our reason may tell us what is best to do , he thought , but in a particular moment our reason may be overwhelmed by emotion or desire . Almost all
of this happens automatically , without long , contentious negotiations among state governors and federal officials , assistance from the IMF , or calling into question the existence of the United States
as a unified political-economic entity . While there was a business cycle , no perceptible tendency toward chronic demand weakness appeared . Furthermore , instead of pouring hundreds of millions of dollars
into technical assistance and short-term capacity-building programs , the London conference should strive to help meet the Afghan government s benchmark ’ for equipping young people with the skills and
education necessary to lead their nation to a future of peace and prosperity . As a result , rather than trying to induce immunity , researchers must develop prefabricated anti-prion antibodies that can
be delivered directly to patients . Elite corruption and incompetence , a population vulnerable to demagogic manipulation , and the ruthlessness of French neo-colonialism have combined to plunge francophone
Africa into a deadly cycle of violence , humiliation , and hopelessness . Some argue that the choice between spending money on carbon cuts and on direct policies is unfair . This saves resources , but it
also implies a considerable loss of meaning . Thus far , we have been half-forgiven for doing so . Speculative investment behavior was hardly an issue in those rare instances in which home prices were discussed
. The US is a magnet , and many people can envisage themselves as Americans , in part because so many successful Americans look like them . Moreover , connections between immigrants and their families and
friends back home help to convey accurate and positive information about the US . Hollande s victory ’ has already sharply redefined European politics . Almost all European governments are counting on him
to change the balance of power . Confronting Fear Most local forecasters now put Brazil s growth ’ rates well below potential output . In 2003 , a bipartisan advisory group reported that the US was spending
only $ 150 million on public diplomacy in Muslim countries , an amount it called grossly inadequate . New York Switzerland – has four mosques with minarets and a population of 350.000 nominal Muslims ,
mostly Europeans from Bosnia and Kosovo , of which about 13 % regularly go to prayer . Similar changes are taking place in all walks of Indian life , including politics , the arts , sports , and social
development . Mosque or Modernity ? This is an impossible and foolish task . Thus , he solicited commitments from China and Japan on denuclearization and realization of the 2005 agreement on North Korea reached
by the six-party talks ( involving the United States , China , Russia , Japan , North Korea , and South Korea ) . The recently established “ Group of Friends ( ” Argentina , Brazil , and Colombia ) is trying
to promote confidence-building and conflict-prevention measures . Pension , investment , and hedge funds have taken the lead in this revolution . That is how we train musicians , barbers , doctors , and
scientists . This march of so-called progress resulting in the loss of forests was documented by John Perlin in his 1989 book A Forest Journey . Yet , amid too many continuing conflicts and failing peace
processes around the world , a success story deserves to be recognized and supported . In February , however , the opposite happened : political support for the IMF program broke down when President and
Prime Minister had a shouting match . They oppose anything that smacks of European political integration . But the rule of law , even Singapore-style , is far harder to implement than capitalism , and its
absence represents the major obstacle to the establishment of an Asian community based on the EU model . Twenty years ago , one of the main obstacles to creating an Asian Union was Japan – Asia ’ s most
advanced and successful country , but one that did not feel Asian . MOSCOW Rapid changes – in the global economy and international politics are raising , once more , an eternal issue in Russia : the country
’ s relations with Europe , and with the Euro-Atlantic region as a whole . Thailand rejects the map , which contravenes a Franco-Siamese agreement in 1904 stipulating a demarcation along a watershed line
separating the two countries . Moreover , the French mapping effort took place just a decade after Siam ceded a clutch of territories much – of today ’ s western Cambodia – to France , which was then perched
above Indochina as the colonial master At that time , a vulnerable Siam was compelled to sign a host of unequal treaties with European powers in exchange for maintaining its independence . America ’ s military
withdrawal from Iraq will indeed be a gift to Iran . Yet it is impossible even to conceive of falling incomes bringing about greater justice in the world . America ’ s military spending still nearly equals
that of the rest of the world combined , two decades after the end of the Cold War . In fact , enlargement fatigue has been the dominant feature of EU relations with the western Balkan states and explains
why the accession process has been flat-lining along a path of frozen negotiations and mutual mistrust toward an increasingly uncertain destination . I expect that Dimon , who has steered Morgan through
the crisis without the need for public support , would say “ amen . ” Moreover , the Federal Reserve has viewed trade deficits as a helpful brake on inflation , while politicians now view them as a way
to buy off consumers afflicted by wage stagnation . The irony , of course , was that most of the 15 old member states had refused to give the new members full and immediate access to the Western job markets
. The Middle East is the crucial current case . Maybe , just maybe , Obama s recent address ’ marks not only the end of this destructive agenda , but also the start of a new era . The various departments
, programs , organs , and agencies within the UN system address a broad spectrum of issues , from peace and security between and within states to human rights , health , education , poverty alleviation
, disaster relief , refugee protection , trafficking of people and drugs , heritage protection , climate change and the environment , and much else . What is least appreciated of all is how cost-effectively
these agencies – for all their limitations – perform overall , in both absolute and comparative terms . Expansion will also create a better Europe because enlargement widens the territory in which countries
are committed to NATO 's political values , including individual rights as well as the rights of minorities . By extending the Kyoto Protocol – which limits some developed countries greenhouse-gas emissions
’ – for another eight years , the Doha agreement preserves the vital framework of international law and retains hard-won accounting rules for emissions allowances and trading between countries . His 1991
paper on monetary policy is widely cited as among the first to make the case for avoiding very low inflation targets , in part to give the central bank more room to lower interest rates . What in the past
would have been a straightforward palace coup spilled out onto the pages of newspapers and into the corridors of Parliament . The occupation tax should also include action aimed at ending the virtual impunity
enjoyed by the Israel Defense Force . For example , in preparation for its next congress , the French Socialist Party has succumbed to this reality . Some of the latter can come through carbon market . Not
all democracies were as strict as France in their formal secularism but all were secular : the law is made by the sovereign people and not by some superhuman being or agency . In France and Spain there
are small but effective ( and sometimes violent ) regional movements . The Europeans don 't even seem to care very much about the job . Recently , a desire for greater political respect has spurred Islamic
nations to invest in technology , which is most visible in Pakistani and Iranian nuclear ambitions . But while such weapons carry political weight , the science behind them is mundane and old . Indeed ,
the no-bailout clause in Article 103 of the EU Treaty – according to which neither the European Central Bank , the EU , nor national governments “ shall [ … ] amp # 160 ; be liable for or assume the commitments
” for other national governments – has lost its credibility . In this respect , nuclear energy s advantages ’ , particularly its reliability and predictable costs , stand out . The Commission was originally
created as a technocratic body relatively independent of either national or supranational control - correctly so , given its mandate . The disruption caused by emerging communications technologies consists
in the fact that the best pens may not be on the staffs of newspapers , and that policies need not be formulated only in the corridors of government . The first litmus test on European leadership concerns
the practical problem of access to harbors . Here the Finns , who chair the EU right now , have taken an initiative to implement a pragmatic solution that takes into consideration both sides in the conflict
. Other countries ( like Spain ) have their own real estate crises . But that is a mistake . Our reluctance to engage morally contested questions in politics has left us ill-equipped to deliberate about
one of the most important issues of our time : Where do markets serve the public good , and where do they not belong ? Each evening , it gets turned off as if it were a garden fountain . This part of China
s southwest ’ , known for its abundant rainfall , mountains , underground rivers and caves , and tropical flora , has recently been gripped by a drought that many say is the worst since the Ming Dynasty
. Even the US Department of Justice has stated categorically that most of the FSA adhere to Al Qaeda ’ s ideology . The longer they cling to a belief in magic formulas , the longer the euro crisis will be
with us . I believe that few wealthy people would refuse to contribute a small portion of their huge wealth for the chance to save the lives of millions of people each year and help the poorest countries
get the first foot on the ladder of economic development . But the political response has been too little , too late , to say the least . The most likely scenario is more of the same : austerity , weaker
economies , more unemployment , and continuing deficits , with European leaders doing the minimum to fend off crisis for the moment . Despite massive evidence to the contrary , many people – not least theologians
– fear that we live in a secular age . But , far from being characterized by secularization , our age has witnessed vast eruptions of religious passion . It comes as a surprise to see religious symbols
and statements at the entrance of public buildings , on money , inside the courtroom . So why is China being so severe ? One possible explanation is that China is a little drunk on its new great-power status
. Indeed , Kris will live on much more effectively – and more accessibly to all her friends . For example , Walmart has teamed up with the Environmental Defense Fund to devise a strategy to eliminate 20
million tons of embedded carbon in the products on its shelves . Likewise , the European Union , the International Labor Organization , and the government of Bangladesh have cooperated with global companies
on a pact to improve conditions for Bangladeshi garment workers . While China s ’ rulers aspire to shape a Sino-centric Asia , their efforts to intimidate smaller neighbors hardly make China a credible
candidate for Asian leadership . Last October , the CPJ reported that there were 76 journalists imprisoned in Turkey , including 61 who were in jail for their journalistic work . Most economists , central
bankers , and regulators not only failed to foresee the crisis , but also believed that financial stability was assured so long as inflation was low and stable . There is also a related risk that private
accounts would cause a further drop in the personal saving rate . But , even as they propose new measures to court foreign investors , many members of Congress in both parties harbor deep concerns about
FDI from China , on both national-security and economic grounds . The depreciation that followed the crisis helped accelerate recovery by boosting exports . Malaria can be controlled through newly designed
long-lasting mosquito nets and a new generation of effective medicines . Other tropical diseases also can be controlled , and practical technologies for safe drinking water can dramatically reduce diarrheal
diseases . “ Under this order , everything the detainee says is classified , ” unless the Department of Defense Privilege Team “ ” decides otherwise . Dr. Folkman had a theory that the progression of tumors
could be arrested by cutting off their source of nourishment . Granted , few people expect the U.S. government to try and emulate such crude dictatorships--or American citizens Officials shouldn ’ t urge
people to wash their hands where clean water isn t available ’ . Bush 's failed Mid-East policy is only part of the problem . The run-up to Taiwan 's presidential election on March 20th is one current source
of tension . This elevates these uninhabited rocks to the same level of importance as Taiwan or Tibet for the official “ one China doctrine . ” It was wrong then , and it is wrong now . The dire lessons of
the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan will shape future debate about America s international role ’ in the twenty-first century . But the sad truth is that probably only about a quarter of those pushed out of
their plants ever received assistance . For those who have , however , this policy has nipped discontent in the bud . The problem with these exercises is that they are regularly relegated to the duly “
noted ” bin : governments receive them , file them away , and go back to doing what they were doing before . At the same time , expanded access to credit has supported a building boom to meet vast untapped
demand . “ [ military and intelligence ] operations outside the country are taking place without the government s knowledge or orders ’ .... Only after an airplane is hijacked are we made aware of it . This
strategy should include significant investments in human capital : education , training , and basic scientific research . The most likely form of the fiscal compact now seems to be a very mild agreement
requiring each country to balance “ its budgets over the business cycle . ” Although failure to comply would in principle lead to automatic financial penalties , it is difficult to imagine how such failure
could be determined in a country like Spain . PARIS – Elections stolen in Iran , disputed in Afghanistan , and caricatured in Gabon : recent ballots in these and many other countries do not so much mark
the global advance of democracy as demonstrate the absence of the rule of law . Then came the Great Depression , Franklin Roosevelt s New Deal ’ , and another 30 years of progressive politics , from the
1930 s ’ to the 1960 s ’ . The emphasis on pure self-interest increases this threat . Beyond ordinary dissatisfaction with economic problems , the failed referendum in May 2005 expressed the rejection by
an important part of the French electorate of the discipline imposed by EU policies ensuring free movement of people , goods , and capital – and thus of the primacy of economic competition . However difficult
or sad to admit , the moment is not ripe for more than this . The IMF owns a lot of gold more than 100 million ounces – – and it is on the books at historical cost . There will be several ways to gauge the
election ’ s relative success . Simultaneously , incentives to enter illegal markets are becoming stronger : roughly 20 % of the world market in coltan – a precious metal used in mobile communications –
is illegally traded . Obama ’ s Cairo speech , delivered on one of his first foreign trips , promised a new US-Arab beginning , and certainly invigorated Arab democrats . Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice
declared in 2005 that “ the fundamental character of regimes matters more today than the international distribution of power , ” and Senator John McCain , a US presidential candidate , has urged removing
Russia from the Group of Eight advanced countries . It is as if Mexico and Canada sought an alliance with China to balance US power in North America . This has happened before . The Gulf War led to the Madrid
Peace Conference in 1991 and the subsequent Oslo accords between the PLO and Israel in 1993 . As output and consumption become more stable , investors do not demand as large a risk premium . The lower the
price of risk , the higher the price of risky assets . My father is a teacher and owns a children s clothing shop ’ . As a result , the Fed responds aggressively when it perceives even a limited risk of
another depression . Russia encouraged and supported separatist movements in both entities , then used the separatist tensions to justify sending ampquot ; Russian peacekeepersampquot ; into the regions
. Moreover , it granted Russian citizenship to Abkhaz and South Ossetian residents , and then justified its recent invasion of Georgia on the grounds that it had an obligation to protect Russian citizens
. East and West no longer have a monopoly on nuclear folly ; the South has joined in . This caused a credit crunch and prolonged deflation in the late 1990 s ’ , as the central government tried to clean
up the mess . Indeed , the only viable long-term strategy to adopt , therefore , is to stop trying to isolate Iran and instead nudge Iranians into engaging more with modern Asia . But are these really the
proper terms on which this debate should be held ? We won 't know for a few months which alternative will prevail . The surge “ ” also opens , perhaps for the first time , a serious possibility of pouring
water on the insurgent fires in Anbar province , the heartland of the Sunni insurgency . The US has achieved relative successes in the province through alliances with Sunni tribes . Mandatory laboratory
reporting of HbA1c results ( along with basic demographic data ) for a defined population ( New York City residents ) allowed New York s Department ’ of Health to monitor trends in diabetes prevalence
, assess testing coverage , and examine health-care use and glycemic control of residents living with diabetes . The irrational , obsessive promises made by scientists and physicians in the past few decades
have , in a way , institutionalized the denial of death . Representatives of 16 countries--Austria , Ireland , Portugal , the three Scandinavian countries , and the ten states that will join the EU in May
2004--submitted a proposal , in the form of a declaration , that calls for preserving the EU 's current delicate institutional balance . Likewise , with household consumption and business investment collapsing
, governments will soon become the spenders of first and only resort , stimulating demand and rescuing banks , firms , and households . Argentina 's exchange rate system survived , but at a heavy price
- the onset of double-digit unemployment . The 1907 panic started in the United States , owing to a rise in interest rates as farmers in the West were paid for their crops and financial scandals in New
York that seemed to implicate a large financial institution , the Knickerbocker trust . Avanti Dilettanti ! Forty-one percent of the world 's population live in areas where malaria is transmitted , with
350-500 million cases each year . Before Darwin , philosophical speculation shaped our psychological understanding . Liberia s post-conflict recovery ’ is not unprecedented , but it provides a clear illustration
of how coordinated and sustained multilateral support can help national leaders deliver impressive results . According to the World Bank , a building permit in Egypt costs three times the average annual
income , 11 different steps are needed to register a property transaction in Algeria , and Morocco is ranked 154th out of 183 countries for protection of shareholders against abuse of power by management
. The finance industry , regulators , and political leaders need to create a shared sense of collective responsibility for the system as a whole and its impact on the rest of the economy . Non-banking financial
institutions such as foreign exchange bureaus , post offices , and micro-finance lenders are not admitted , even when they are financially sound and sustainable . It is time for Latin America s leaders
’ to stand up for citizens who mean so much for their countries economies ’ . As a deft manoeuvrer of the old school of communist politics , the gibe is tempting to apply to Yeltsin . Austrian Archduke Franz
Ferdinand was assassinated in Sarajevo on June 28 , but the subsequent diplomatic discussions dragged out for weeks . Germany ’ s top officials ostensibly went on vacation in order to create the impression
that the tensions could easily be resolved . Its aim is qualitative disarmament , placing modest limits on technical improvements of nuclear arms . Unfortunately , the past ten years have witnessed a painful
setback in many areas . Individuals and peoples are capable of enduring difficulties if there is a sense that the future will be better and conflicts resolved . In particular , member states will need to
think much more radically about developing a strong EU foreign and security policy , for two reasons . A number of the Democratic lawmakers who control the new Congress disagree with this approach . HONG
KONG Joseph Yam – , the head of the Hong Kong Monetary Authority ( HKMA ) and a career civil servant , is retiring . Ordinarily , that should not be a newsworthy event , yet it is , and for good reasons
. China still has a long way to go before it will be perceived as a responsible stakeholder in the world . I doubt that a mandatory disclosure rule alone could fix the problem . While we have become familiar
with China s ardent interest ’ in natural resources such as oil , coal , steel , copper , and soybeans , we are far less acquainted with other kinds of Chinese investments , including outright acquisitions
of foreign companies . Further eastward expansion of NATO , however , will be possible only against fierce Russian resistance . Nor will this kind of policy in any way create more security , because it
entails making promises that won ’ t be kept in an emergency – as we now see in Georgia . Finally , with more than $ 3.3 trillion in foreign-exchange reserves , China is a particularly attractive target
for international speculators . The article claimed that the change raised costs by forcing British construction workers to perform more of their jobs in relative darkness . And persistent , widening inequality
might cause social crises that could interrupt growth and damage competitiveness . The United States and France , which have taken the West s lead ’ on Lebanon , have both confirmed the democratic and constitutional
nature “ ” of the Siniora government . This is true , but only up to a point , for Lebanon s confessional-based political system ’ assigns the Shi a ’ , who make up close to 40 % of the population , only
21 % of parliamentary seats . And yet , how many public figures of McNamara s importance ’ have ever expressed any regret for their mistakes and follies and crimes ? Indeed , this is the largest population
displacement in the Middle East since 1948 . Kamerhe had antagonized Kabila by criticizing his secret deal with President Paul Kagame of Rwanda that resulted in joint military operations earlier in the
year against a Rwandan rebel force operating in the DRC . Against the optimism of that " Japan scenario , " pessimists argued that a " Somalia scenario " was more likely . There can be no real democracy
when we have a massive concentration of capital and power in the hands of the few ; when multinational corporations challenge the power of democratically elected representatives ; when organized criminals
can buy off police officers , judges , and politicians ; when monopolization of the media erodes fundamental freedoms . In present-day Babylon in Chinatown , in Little Italy , in Russian Brighton Beach
, and in the alleys and byways of New York , all the world s languages ’ are spoken . The builders of the twin towers , whatever their native tongues , wanted to be Americans , citizens of the New World
, the towers they built symbolizing the stature of freedom . One doctor told Armstrong s ’ mother that her son would die . If you follow Nobel Prize-winner James Buchanan 's utilitarian principle that you
should evaluate a society 's social welfare by imagining that you have an equal chance of being poor and rich , it is easy to judge that the more equal society has a better set of social and economic arrangements
. From there it is easy to make the leap to the position that - so long as redistributive taxes don 't slow economic growth - when inequality rises , it is the government 's duty to tax the rich and transfer
money to the poor to offset the rise . Other defects may be subtler and , perhaps , insignificant for farm animals . Schröder did not seem to grasp the enormous symbolic relevance his partner attached to
the issue . Hezbollah has drawn Lebanon into the Syrian conflict , setting up a showdown between Shia and Sunni at home . Indeed , the ECB s own forecast ’ has inflation falling in the second half of 2012
and again in 2013 , suggesting that it has monetary room for maneuver . Although independent of government , the FSA can be called to account by government and parliament , and recognises the interests
of all of its stakeholders . It must publish an annual report describing how it has met its statutory objectives and carried out its functions . All were young women . Why are neuroscientists , molecular
biologists , geneticists , and developmental biologists men and women – whose discoveries have forever changed the way we understand ourselves – so uneasy about their futures ? One indicator to watch for
: the length of that ceasefire . The first concerns the so-called right “ to water . ” Its activism is noteworthy , given the benighted approach to migrants typical in other Gulf countries , such as Saudi
Arabia . The declaration was unequivocal : “ I ’ m black , and I ’ m proud of it . ” That said , the leaders of March 14 , which controls a parliamentary majority , will block any step that revives Syrian
domination . The ADB meeting took place in the Pudong District , Shanghai s ’ most remarkable development site . Furthermore , the government effort to portray independent journalists as vicious enemies
unfairly condemns the many Ethiopian reporters and editors who take their responsibilities seriously . Critics of the scheme view it as symptomatic of big government run amok and ask why it is necessary
for any government to feed schoolchildren . Оно проявляется не только в нехватке иностранных портфельных инвестиций , , . , но и в утечке внутреннего капитала а также ставит отечественные компании в периферийных
странах в заведомо невыгодное положение относительно многонациональных корпораций Собрав вместе ссуды на жилищное строительство портфельные инвестиции и частные кредитные потоки , можно сделать вывод о
существовании чистой утечки капитала из стран с развивающейся экономикой начиная с 1997 года , превратившейся из положительной размером в 81.7 1996 104.7 2000 , миллиардов долларов в году в отрицательную
размером в миллиардов долларов в году компенсируемой лишь слегка увеличившимися притоками прямых иностранных инвестиций и государственным финансированием . The imbalances were reduced temporarily as the
global financial crisis caused private demand to drop in the US , the UK , and elsewhere . But continuing opposition by EU institutions has led most candidate countries to abandon the idea of adopting the
Euro unilaterally or as quickly as possible after entering the Union . Unfortunately , the stubbornness of the ECB and the European Commission is now providing ammunition to populist governments in accession
countries that are counting on currency appreciation to escape the fiscal discipline that adopting the Euro would imply . Thus the challenges posed to America by Europe s common and defense policy ’ are
primarily psychological . NATO allies could make a similar statement . Similarly , super-sovereigns cannot continue to bail out distressed sovereigns that are insolvent rather than illiquid . The revision
of the constitution must include public debate , and the resulting text must gain the support of a supermajority in a popular referendum . The two things that get people most excited in cultural conflicts
are religion and sex , specifically the way that men treat women . Such measures are difficult to get worked up about – both for Catholics who do not take them seriously and for “ the simple faithful .
” They have feel-good value , but little else . Many , indeed , tried to present to the outside world their own version of the Tibet story , rebutting the orthodox narrative be it – Chinese or Western and
posting comments – and footage on YouTube and the BBC 's bulletin board . Moreover , due to their repeated queries for explanation , a few Western media outlets eventually owned up to their mistakes . Translating
CO2 into an illogical and inefficient measure of forest cover seems intended mainly to ensure that an alarming message results . In the scientific literature , a leading modeler acknowledges that most
modelers regard this method as “ hard to defend . ” The case of Khaled el-Masri , a German citizen of Lebanese descent , appears to be another of these errors . Seized by the CIA in Macedonia , he was taken
to Afghanistan and interrogated for five months before being released without charge . The other half are elected directly in so _ called majority constituencies . They must operate within tight legal constraints
, and with rigorous accountability frameworks , involving the government and the legislature . Meanwhile , China ’ s outward FDI will continue to encounter challenges , as various short- and long-term factors
– from weak international demand to an aging population – cause its trade surplus to decline , diminishing its ability to export capital . China s investment ’ in US government securities and other sovereign
debt will continue to yield extremely low returns . By pursuing an aggressive , yet flexible , agenda for domestic development , facilitated by international cooperation and rules that guarantee the appropriate
policy space “ ” for developing countries , we can reduce global income inequality . But how else can the US , the EU , and the United Nations make clear that the international community “ ” means what
it says ? Moreover , fast-paced but ill-distributed economic growth can be accompanied by programs that focus on those who are left behind , thereby mitigating grievances . This was because they had less
leverage to be unwound and less footloose capital that could leave in the event of a global financial squeeze . Given all of these large and small risks , businesses , consumers , and investors have a strong
incentive to wait and do little . Although trade is an effective lubricant of good relations , these sorts of talks are for the sherpas “ , ” not Obama and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , to handle . Roberto
Calderoli , a prominent official in Lega Nord , the third-largest government party , provoked riots in Libya by wearing a t-shirt printed with the infamous cartoons of the Prophet Mohammad . I certainly
don ’ t feel safe as an economics professor ! This column draws on a Bruegel report co-authored with André Sapir and Guntram Wolff . Article 23 of the West German Basic Law permitted this , but neither West
Germany ’ s government nor its Parliament had been consulted ! And Turkey and Qatar , for their part , will have to pass the same message to the Muslim Brotherhood . Such an outcome might satisfy some parts
of Lebanese society , particularly Hezbollah . In the UK , the share fell four percentage points in 1980-1990 ( the Margaret Thatcher revolution ) , and fell further until 2000 . Financial market deregulation
in an un-named country sets off a credit boom and an explosion in equity and real estate prices . Painful concessions will be required from both sides if the Geneva conference is even to convene , let alone
reach agreement on a cease-fire and transitional administration . It is encouraging that the US , following talks between Secretary of State John Kerry and Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov , seems prepared
to accept a role for senior Assad regime members in any settlement , and that constructive proposals are starting to emerge from at least some opposition quarters . Households are certainly much more able
to borrow , thanks to home-equity loans , credit-card balances , and payday loans . So where do we go from here ? It ’ s like nuclear proliferation , only far easier . ” The US Federal Reserve can cut 100
basis points from the federal funds rate and not lose control over US inflationary expectations . We can only hope that it does not catch on . If it is intended to be a negotiation that takes place in the
context of broader treaty talks , it may not happen in the foreseeable future . They would sell dollars in anticipation of its decline . Those currency sales would indeed lead to a collapse of the currency
. He doesn ’ t want to be pigeon-holed , after all , as “ the president of Africa . ” But , in choosing restraint over intervention , he has disappointed ordinary Africans and international activists alike
. But here is the remarkable thing : whether one listens to the Republicans , the Democrats , or the middle-ground observers , one gets the impression that economic statistics show no discernible improvement
around the time that Obama took office . Just as women outside the family home women – who stake a claim to public space , working and living among men – are seen as dangerous temptresses , men who love
men are often regarded as predators , ready to pounce on society s children ’ . A Civilization in Crisis But those responsible for a global product on the scale of football surely must act boldly to minimize
the most egregious and avoidable errors , and thereby preserve the game s integrity ’ . Disclosure of ' is becoming as mandatory in the world of science as in politics and law. But the more sex is repressed
and people are made to fear it the greater the chance of sexual violence , because anyone who might possibly stir our sexual desires , man or woman , becomes a potential target of our rage . The IMF , indeed
, is behind the decision to let interest rates go sky high as well as its decision to put one doubtful bank into receivership . Interest rates climbed thousands of percentage points , but within days money
came back to Turkey . The electorate focused almost entirely on the question of electoral districts . I don ’ t deny my responsibility for supporting Putin . Moreover , weaker economic conditions , in the
region and globally , will limit the scope for crowd-pleasing spending plans . After nearly a decade of rapid , export-led expansion , fueled by high commodity prices and foreign investment , average GDP
growth in the region fell from more than 5 % annually during the boom years to 3.6 % in 2012 . A shameful legacy of President Menem 's government in the 1990s was that it prevented the investigation and
prosecution of serious improprieties , corruption , illegal arms sales , and major terrorist acts . Over the same period , China s foreign-exchange reserves ’ swelled by $ 128 billion , to $ 3.4 trillion
– the largest quarterly increase since 2011 and equal to the total rise in 2012 . They are eager for change and have no interest in perpetuating the old culture of corruption . Their future is both our
hope and our responsibility . The United Nations is too large to serve this purpose , and the most obvious candidate for the group , the G-20 , is not representative . But the stakes are especially high
in Nigeria , where Yar Adua ’ embodies the country ’ s delicate political balance . This month , in short , has been a fitting prelude to the happy occasion on December 13 th when UN Secretary General Kofi
Annan and the United Nations organization itself share this year 's Nobel Peace Prize in Oslo , Norway . Even so , the international community still has options . But this argument no longer seems convincing
. Europe would take common action related to foreign affairs only on unanimous grounds . Set in Albuquerque , New Mexico , a few hundred miles from the border , the series chronicles the rise and fall of
Walter White , a high school chemistry teacher who becomes a methamphetamine tycoon . At the same time , native Europeans must learn to accept that Islam may offer new vantage points on such moral issues
as euthanasia , abortion , individuality , and solidarity . Was Bush right to boast of America s role ’ in giving these countries their freedom ? After the US , Germany is the principal donor of both economic
and military aid to Israel . “ I had gone to villages and slums , saw the depth of problems in these places and assumed they could not be fixed . A majority of public opinion polls taken in the last four
years show that the views of Americans about Islam continue to be a casualty of the attacks of September 11 , 2001.Washington Post / ABC News polls from 2006 , for example , found that nearly half of Americans
regard Islam “ unfavorably , ” while one in four admits to prejudicial feelings against Muslims . In 2003 , Bush chose as his Treasury secretary John W. Snow , a railroad president who , as Barron s columnist
Alan Abelson ’ put it , “ may not be the sharpest knife in the cabinet . ” Snow obliged the president and gave unquestioning support to his policies until leaving office in 2006 , just before the crisis
erupted . Today , Erdoğan s government ’ looks much more like the governments against which young Arabs rose , targeting journalists and accusing a high-interest-rate lobby “ ” of speculators of seeking
to harm the Turkish economy . He has also taken a page from Syrian President Bashar al-Assad s book ’ , not only demonizing the demonstrators , but also going after the medical personnel who care for them
and the hoteliers who shelter them . Clearly , Chinese factories can no longer offer dirt-cheap prices . The IAEA traces its lineage to the early dark days of the Cold War . In his December 1953 UN General
Assembly Atoms “ for Peace address ” , US President Dwight Eisenhower sought to relax atomic weapons competition with the Soviet Union by calling for the creation of an international nuclear fuel bank
stocked with superpower fissile material . But for how long ? The boom in the world s housing markets ’ and stock markets between 2003 and 2006 was caused by this faulty idea , and the idea that investments
in homes and equities are a sure route to wealth . It had become an article of faith that the value of both types of assets only goes up in the long run , and that it is foolish to try to time “ the market
. ” In many of the troubled emerging economies , however , monetary policy has shouldered the burden of controlling inflation , managing the local currency s value ’ , and supporting growth . I said that
America and Europe had too many illusions about democracy in Russia in the 1990 s ’ , and were now going through a stage of disillusionment . The fact that there is even a small liquidity crunch for banks
implies larger liquidity crunches for less intensively regulated financial institutions , and even greater liquidity crunches for manufacturing and real-estate companies . Religious education constitutes
up to 50 % of students curriculum ’ . As a result , Wahhabi dogma penetrates every home in the country . True , his democratic Russia was permitted some role in global diplomacy . But , in the absence of
international consensus on some key points , reform will be greatly weakened , if not aborted . But just because Russia 's troops will remain in Chechnya during any peace talks does not mean that they should
conduct the talks . Indeed , with US defense spending finally set to decline after a decade of debt-financed war in Iraq and Afghanistan , America has little fiscal room for an unforeseen military entanglement
. The Lisbon Treaty was the compromise agreed by EU leaders in the aftermath of the rejection of the Constitutional Treaty in popular referendums in France and the Netherlands in 2005 . Indeed , the suggestion
that Gates should have more votes sounds outrageous . In such circumstances , small countries seemingly have no choice : financial markets ’ Diktat on austerity , lest they be punished by withdrawal of
financing . Together , we account for nearly a third of humanity and two-thirds of the world economy . The scientific evidence does not support such arguments . Urgent action is needed both to adapt to the
climate change that is inevitable and to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases , especially CO2 , to prevent further damage as far as possible . All that they usually require is a reduction in interest rates
or a bit of reflation . This month , I will ask UN ambassadors how they would spend $ 50 billion to reduce suffering . They will repeat the same exercise that some of the world s best economists ’ tackled
in a 2004 project called the Copenhagen Consensus “ ” : weighing up solutions to the great challenges facing the world , and deciding what should be done first . Today ’ s Russia , which thinks of itself
as a great energy state “ , ” laughs at its previous meager desire to catch up with little Portugal in terms of living standards . Developing countries , once they enter rapid-growth mode , generate growth
from capital deepening via investment , in a sense making up for past underinvestment . Lucky are those countries that have both , and that nurture and protect them ! As was true for Germany and the Deutsche
Mark and remains true for Japan and the yen , a strong dollar has not historically caused weak US growth . Indeed , many highly indebted countries in Latin America conducted similar debt buybacks in the
late 1980 s ’ . Similarly , in global terms , the energy in hurricanes during the last four years ( including Sandy ) has been lower than at any point since the 1970 s ’ . Third , the new stimulus package
is mainly aimed at infrastructure , equipment renovation , and industrial upgrading , which have suffered serious under-investment in the past , especially in China s central and western regions ’ . Unemployment
remained high , at 7.8 % at the end of 2012 , and there has been almost no real wage growth over the last few years . Meanwhile financial fragmentation within the eurozone continues ; Spain , and to a lesser
extent Italy , suffers a seemingly irresistible rise in borrowing costs ; and political strains grow more visible . The reason why the Federal Reserve is studying the electric dynamo is , obviously , not
the Fed 's interest in history . Each of these pillars is needed if Europe is to overcome its existential crisis . Just three days later , India launched the aircraft carrier INS Vikrant . Indeed , a US defense
department report last year on the national-security implications of China s holdings ’ of US debt concluded that “ attempting to use US Treasury securities as a coercive tool would have limited effect
and likely would do more harm to China than to the [ US ] . ” John McCain , the US senator and 2008 presidential candidate , always leads a large congressional delegation to Munich . The US administration
also typically sends the Secretary of Defense or the Secretary of State to deliver a ritual speech reassuring the Europeans of the strength of the transatlantic alliance . To ask these questions and many
more – – is to answer them : only a strong , substantially more integrated EU can manage all this . The potential in these numbers will remain untapped unless African countries put the right policies in
place to help agriculture to develop and flourish . Inflation is the most straightforward to explain : the government prints up lots of banknotes , and spends them . The China-EU dispute parallels a similar
one between China and the United States . In fact , there is no simple relationship between the size of a government s deficit ’ or debt and the interest rate that it must pay . In both cases , it takes
a lot of blind faith to go from one to the other . Although Obama has endorsed the goal of abolishing nuclear weapons , he has described this as a long-term effort , and offered no concrete time-line for
achieving it . No date has been set when Obama will ask the Senate to reconsider the CTBT . Dying to save your home , family , or country may be rational . In this respect , the Chinese have good reason
to be optimistic , for their country has defied predictions of economic demise repeatedly over the past three decades . Money was stolen , not merely “ mismanaged . ” NEW DELHI – In just one decade , the
United States has intervened militarily in three Muslim-majority countries and overthrown their governments . Now the same coalition of American liberal interventionists and neoconservatives that promoted
those wars is pushing for punitive airstrikes in Syria without reflecting on how US policy has ended up strengthening Islamists and fostering anti-Americanism . Private businesses are providing their workers
with less and less in the form of defined-benefit pensions , health insurance , and other forms of insurance against life s economic risks ’ . Of course , individual developing countries may be spared . Not
the least of these challenges is to extrapolate future radiocesium distributions reliably , which is essential to the development of effective monitoring procedures and the formulation of optimal cleanup
plans . It looks increasingly likely that , as under Leonid Brezhnev , we will see the same names in the news for decades to come . Islamist extremism is a handy revolutionary creed for vulnerable young
people to latch onto , to gain a sense of power and belonging . Hindus , Christians , or Buddhists lack such a cause , which is why political terrorism is largely confined to Muslims . Yet the government
is obviously worried by the upsurge of xenophobia and neo-Nazi violence . Further reforms could yield additional benefits , but much of the handicap imposed on African farmers by post-colonial governments
has now been removed . Consequently , innovation at the frontier depends on funding sources that are decoupled from concern for economic value ; thus , it cannot be reduced to the optimal allocation of
resources . Now with Medvedev showing what appears to be a backbone , the presidential election campaign is officially on the way . Among the best-known examples is UNITAID , a UN-sponsored international
drug-purchase facility funded largely through a small fee added to airline tickets , which has raised $ 1.5 billion since 2007 . This reliable funding source has spearheaded the fight on the three health-related
MDGs : treating and fighting life-threatening diseases like HIV / AIDS , malaria , and tuberculosis ; reducing childhood mortality ; and improving maternal health . Markelov , a lawyer , routinely tackled
the human rights cases that no one else was willing to take on . NATO , moreover , not only enlarged its membership , but also transformed itself from an anti-Communist defensive alliance into an offensive
grouping ( with operations in Yugoslavia , Iraq and Afghanistan ) . NATO s expansion ’ towards Russia s own borders ’ , and the membership of countries whose elites have historical complexes in regard
to Russia , increased anti-Russian sentiment inside the alliance . Consequently Brussels is no government to be , but a regulatory authority – and this often to the benefit of European consumers . Yet ,
such statements do contain grains of truth . Finally , as they maneuver around the shoals of regional and international affairs , the Lebanese must also consider domestic American politics . “ A truce would
weaken Palestinian President Abu Mazen , ” officials claimed , as if the construction of new Israeli settlements in East Jerusalem and the refusal to dismantle previous illegal ones had not already weakened
him . Similarly , 22 million Americans who would like a full-time job cannot find one . While taxing the return on capital at the national level could discourage investment , taxing companies in exchange
for location advantages might not . The United States has experienced steady de-industrialization in recent decades , partly due to global competition and partly due to technological changes . If the consumption
share of GDP nonetheless declines , simple arithmetic tells us that investment and exports need to be higher to maintain total demand . Experts can debate whether this was in conformity with UN rules and
procedures . “ Systems biology ” is biology that recognizes that what remains the same is the design of the boat – that which determines the relationships between the planks . Sub-Saharan Africa ’ s demographic
prospects look particularly bleak , as mushrooming populations of young people move into labor markets that cannot accommodate them . Migration from Africa and other developing regions to Europe is already
increasing ; as populations in poor countries grow , the number of would-be migrants will multiply . It is very hard to make legislators understand these delicate distinctions . After the Enlightenment ,
the rationalists easily adopted religious universalism . We also know , however , that this led Europe to a future that was anything but serene . But it is also true that the Syrian state is not centralized
in the presidency , as was Egypt under former President Hosni Mubarak . Even if Putin s provocation thesis ’ “ ” is dismissed , it is possible that the chemical attacks were unleashed by rogue elements
in the Syrian army , whose culpability Assad had to deny to preserve his own position . High levels of emotional arousal often result in the victim s attention ’ being drawn to the central features of the
event at the expense of other features . Just a year ago , former Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda attempted , despite a deep recession , to raise the consumption tax without monetary easing – a strategy that
could have brought only continued economic stagnation . Abe must not make the same mistake . In the case of Brazil , the answer appears ambiguous , at least at first glance . The result will be even more
support than was seen in last April s presidential election ’ for extremist political parties that reject both Europe and competitive market capitalism . But more than silence about Kuchma 's actions results
. Protectionist Myths All the post-Cold War certainties in Europe melted away , and with them went Putin ’ s reputation as a reliable manager of Russia s economy ’ . I reply emphatically that it is not . NEW
YORK – The crime seems incomprehensible . Indeed , in many ways , the article is a litmus test of where individual countries are in their own evolution toward full equality for men and women . First , we
need to reverse the worrying trends of growing inequality . On the other hand , the UN is more a bully pulpit for the promulgation of the high ideals of human rights , equality , and personal and economic
freedom than it is a way station on the road to world government ( no matter what some conservative extremists in the United States imagine ) . Indeed , at its institutional core , the UN is an inter-governmental
body whose officials , from the most junior staffer to the Secretary General , serve at the pleasure of its member states – above all , its powerful member states . This belief system did not , of course
, exclude the possibility of market intervention . The completion of this $ 1 billion landmark project is expected to transform Africa ’ s shipping and port capacity dramatically . So Pakistanis grimly learned
to accept military rule as their destiny . A new agreement for the eurozone , negotiated in a calmer atmosphere , should not only codify the practices established during the emergency , but also lay the
groundwork for an economic-growth strategy . Mainstream economists believe that the global economy should function as a balanced mechanical arrangement in which external surpluses and deficits are smoothed
out over time . But periods of global economic expansion have virtually always been characterized by symbiotic imbalances . But with China s rapid ascent and ever-closer integration ’ with the outside world
, this doctrine has become increasingly anachronistic . Universities around the world are home to legions of students and faculty intent on solving practical problems in their communities and countries
. Pain emerges into awareness only after sensory , emotional , and cognitive processes have combined to form a coherent , integrated pattern of experience . Skeptics might add that China s cost advantage
’ also includes circumventing environmental and social regulations . As a result , local police forces have been reduced from 20,000 to 11,000 , while the national riot police ( CRS ) have been reinforced
. The final source of rights is nature . They owned everything from paper mills to department stores and supermarket chains . This policy has long been a burden , both on EU consumers , because it has kept
food prices high , and on EU taxpayers , because the subsidy to farmers ' incomes costs the Union some e ( Euro ) 41bn every year ( about $ 40bn ) , or around half of the total EU budget . He found that
, owing to capital flight and political pressure for delay , the results were often disappointing . Studies that show an association between a factor and a health effect should be regarded as no more than
a preliminary result that points researchers toward further research and analysis . But even professional regulators , who should know better , sometimes get sidetracked by this sort of misapprehension
, and overreact . Although many people seem amazed that India has maintained rapid growth for so long – even in the face of the global downturn surprise – is unwarranted . Understanding how pornography affects
the brain and wreaks havoc on male virility permits people to make better-informed choices – rather than engage in pointless self-loathing or reactive collective judgments – in a world that has become
more and more addictively hardcore . Refugees languish helplessly in welfare nets , or are suspected of being cheats . Both men were faced with a serious breakdown of law and order in their respective domains
, involving violence and rioting against Muslims . But Patel ’ s conduct during the violence that accompanied Partition stands in stark contrast to Modi s behavior ’ in office . So much , then , for a single
market in financial services , or for harmonizing regulation and removing trade barriers behind the border . Free trade in goods and free movement of capital and labor would not survive the euro s collapse
’ , these diehard Europhiles warn . But , given that the strengths and weaknesses of most of the actors are highly contingent , the regional balance of power remains highly fluid . By the time the dust settled
, more than 1,500 people had been killed and over 400,000 displaced , following an election that observers dismissed as rigged . Likewise , in his second inaugural address , US President Barack Obama discussed
climate change more than any other issue , saying , “ We cannot cede to other nations the technology that will power new jobs and new industries . ” At the World Economic Forum in Davos , International
Monetary Fund Managing Director Christine Lagarde and World Bank President Jim Yong Kim surprised business and government leaders with their warnings that genuine economic recovery would be impossible
without serious action on climate change . The unavoidable implication of this argument is that when we calculate what the tax rate for the superrich will be , we should not consider the effect of changing
their tax rate on their happiness , for we know that it is zero . Rather , the key question must be the effect of changing their tax rate on the well-being of the rest of us . It is also becoming increasingly
clear that Hu will continue to rely on a variety of politically retrograde propaganda tactics . Not long ago , the IMF pushed hard for countries rich or poor – – to open up to foreign finance . But governments
can go beyond such methods , demanding that financial institutions maintain or increase their holdings of government debt , as the UK s Financial Service Authority ’ did in 2009 . The Indians agreed to
resume the suspended dialogue with Pakistan , despite the failure fully to resolve the Mumbai attacks legally , as well as Pakistan s inability or unwillingness ’ to move against the two domestically-based
terrorist groups that India had accused of having masterminded those and several other attacks on its territory . In other words , the rich today are more likely to be working than idle . India s growth
pattern ’ is remarkable because it contradicts a seemingly iron law of development that has held true for almost 200 years , since the start of the Industrial Revolution . Within a mobile and open Europe
, there can be no fencing off of foreign cultures ; contact cannot be avoided . It also lacks the means to compel others to follow its lead . Even Sub-Saharan Africa , with its wars and famines , has enjoyed
more rapid growth in the past few years . Unfortunately , child survival programs in the developing world have focused primarily on pneumonia , diarrhea , malaria , and vaccine-preventable causes of deaths
after the first month of life , while safe motherhood programs have focused primarily on the mother . If the Holocaust did not happen , or if it has no meaning , then how is the rest of modern European
history to be understood ? Other low-income countries should follow suit . Europe Radiation at these levels poses a minimal threat to human health for anyone outside the immediate area of the nuclear-power
station itself . This happened in part because the renminbi was tracking the US dollar , which had fallen dramatically against the euro in 2002-2004 . Ukraine has its own potentially separatist region in
Crimea , and the country ’ s Russian minority numbers some 8.3 million ( the largest minority in Europe ) . Yet , instead of urging schools and teachers to compete with each other on behalf of students
( tomorrow s workers ’ ) , many insist on defending teachers ’ monopoly over access to education – that is , access to investments in income-boosting human capital . Second , currencies played an important
role as an escape valve in the early days of Asia s ’ post-crisis adjustment process . Our nation s unity ’ is not artificial . Although about one million people were incarcerated there , there is only one
heartbreaking plaque on a shed , which reads , " The children 's barrack of the Solovki Camp . " Indeed , the hybrid presidential / parliamentary system that Ukraine established as part of the settlement
which brought a peaceful end to our revolution is being hollowed out in order to concentrate all political power in the hands of a supposedly democratically elected president . This reasoning proved wrong
: the Socialists members ’ and voters know that there is no alternative to Europe and accepted the Treaty as a means of going further , despite its imperfections . Third parties are justified in rejecting
the risks that would be imposed upon them . In October 2008 , the Kingdom held mediation talks between the Taliban and the Afghan government following Karzai s request ’ to King Abdullah , whom Karzai describes
as “ the leader of the Muslim world . ” The Taliban could not spurn an invitation to negotiate in Mecca . China may regard the nineteenth-century experience of a windswept island off the northwest coast
of Europe as an odd source of inspiration . Notwithstanding sharp reductions in debt service traceable to the Fed s zero-interest rate subsidy ’ , the stock of debt is still about 116 % of disposable personal
income , well above the 43 % average in the final three decades of the twentieth century . Once the institutions of the Palestinian state are in place , the will of the people , coupled with world support
, will nonviolently overcome all efforts at denying Palestinians their right to self-determination . This summer , friends who live a few kilometers from us in rural Montana in the western US had to interrupt
their dinner when a black bear suddenly came out of the trees . More worrying still , much of this will translate into long-term unemployment . Foreign Minister Mukherjee was treated rudely on his recent
visit , with Premier Wen Jiabao cancelling a previously-scheduled appointment and the Governor of Sichuan Province failing to show up to receive a donation of Indian humanitarian aid for China s earthquake
victims ’ . The Annapolis-inspired peace process received 81 % support . He may lower oil prices for someone close to him , like Belarus dictator Alexander Lukashenko ’ , and insist on a market price for
someone else , but that ’ s basically all he can do . This simple fact creates a fundamental contradiction for the internal devaluation strategy : the more that countries reduce wages and costs , the heavier
their inherited debt loads become . And , as debt burdens become heavier , public spending must be cut further and taxes increased to service the government s debt ’ and that of its wards , like the banks
. The more the eurozone s ineffective governance ’ is criticized , the greater becomes the euro s importance ’ as a non-political currency that represents a secure store of value . In a stable world of
confident markets , small countries can rest easy with their own monetary regimes . Neither Iran nor Turkey has reached that point . This is not surprising , given the slowdown in consumption growth ( car
sales , for example , are suffering a prolonged decline ) . Yet it did not want to repeat the experience of the Zacharias Moussaoui trial , in which , after many propagandistic appeals from the dock , the
alleged twentieth September 11 , 2001 , hijacker was finally convicted and sentenced to life imprisonment . Behind the phenomenon , the nagging question remains : why is terrorism different , why does it
require a special definition , why are we more afraid of this form of violence than other criminal acts ? If we really want a sustainable future for all of humanity and our planet , we shouldn ’ t plunge
ourselves back into darkness . They plotted kinship relationships over multiple generations , believing that primates must have a complex family life , just like us . In the Middle East , this exacerbates
the problem of creating jobs for ballooning populations of young adults . Thus , in periods after large new gold discoveries – for example , following the California Gold Rush of 1849 , and again in the
1890 s ’ , when new mining techniques opened up South African , Alaskan , and Australian reserves – the classical gold standard had a mild inflationary bias . In an era of paper money , however , the link
to a physical stock of some precious metal or – , indeed , some other commodity – does not exist , and there should be no reason why a central bank cannot aim at an overall inflation rate . But if corruption
were reduced and social trust strengthened , such inhibitions would become irrelevant , and investor confidence would rise . It is overly optimistic to pretend that today 's EU institutions can implement
such principles , because they do not represent the prevailing power realities . The effects may be equally sobering . The Chinese people are no longer satisfied with rule by law and are demanding an end
to systemic corruption , inadequate land rights , discrimination against migrant workers , state-owned enterprises ’ privileged position , and weak protection of intellectual property . Indeed , Public
Citizen , a US consumer advocacy group , has calculated that , in the US alone , the pharmaceutical industry has paid out billions of dollars as a result of court judgments and financial settlements between
pharmaceutical manufacturers and federal and state governments . If you follow most East Europeans , the United Kingdom and the Bush administration , the answer is “ strategic adversary . ” Now that the
booms have been reversed , a decline in confidence could engulf the world economy , throwing it into recession . And free mid-day meals at school are a powerful incentive to children from poor families
to attend school and stay there . The flavor of the week in Rio is “ sustainability indexing ” for corporations , by way of corporate social responsibility ( CSR ) . But there is hope . They are for it because
they believe it will defang Moqtada al-Sadr , the rogue Shi ’ a cleric whose power has mushroomed over the past three years – to the point that he now dominates much of Baghdad and holds the allegiance
of countless angry young Shi ’ a men . Indeed , populism moves in cycles . Others suggest broadening the scope of stock options to include more employees . When voters in France and the Netherlands turned
down the proposal for a Constitution for the European Union , the world knew that the European project was in deep trouble . Parliamentarians , United Nations representatives , and the International Energy
Agency ( IEA ) alike agreed that ending dependency on fossil fuels is one of the most urgent steps needed to combat it effectively . There , the populist Freedom Party splintered , as some opted to moderate
their views in order to succeed in government . But the EU s decision ’ to impose a form of diplomatic limbo on Austria for Schüssel s decision ’ to include the Freedom Party in his governing coalition
may discourage other conservatives from going this route . In each case , we see obsessive people arrogating to themselves the right to decide others fate ’ , and using modern technology for their harmful
purposes . Certainly , Gates and Buffett claim nothing of the sort . Elsewhere , change proved far more complicated . There is still a need for huge relative wage adjustments between Europe s periphery ’
and its core . US aid underwrote the imports of coal and investments in hydroelectric power needed to get industry running again . After the global financial crisis erupted in 2008 , interest rates plummeted
, fueling private-sector credit booms in many of the largest emerging markets , including Brazil , India , Indonesia , and Turkey . Given that an Israeli offensive would need to be coordinated with the
US , while an American assault would not require Israeli military support , Iran would consider both to be American attacks . To maintain price competitiveness , the gap between Greek wage growth and the
rise in Greek productivity i.e. – , output per employee hour – must not be greater than the gap in other eurozone countries . Why set specific reduction targets in these areas , and yet remain vague on
our desire to achieve “ decent employment ” ? Indeed , the army 's honor is now so firmly tied to finding Budanov both guiltyand insane that Russia finds itself on the brink of issuing a nakedly political
verdict . But their tolerance inevitably fades - and fast . Far from providing immunity against evolutionary pressures , culture often creates new ones . Then again , part of our unease probably has to do
with what we perceive as an unequal exchange . But , instead of accepting China s olive branch ’ , Koizumi implemented a more nationalistic agenda , including annual visits to the Yasukuni Shine , which
is regarded as a symbol of Japanese militarism by Japan s neighbors ’ . One clear difference , though , is that Liikanen , unlike the UK proposals , allows securities underwriting in deposit banks . This
contrasts with the US , even after the 1999 repeal of the Glass-Steagall Act ’ s ban on affiliation between banks and companies engaged principally in underwriting securities . That war is well and truly
lost . To be sure , World War II reduced the unemployment rate in the United States dramatically , from 15 % in 1940 to 1 % in 1944 , and had a similar effect in other countries . For example , it could
be that highly stressed people with Type A personality who think that bacon cheeseburgers and creamy sauces are staple foods , and who already have an increased , long-term risk of heart disease , also
tend to work longer hours . Two economic surprises prolonged the good times in 2005 . First , while the US Federal Reserve continued hiking short-term interest rates , long-terms rates did not increase
in tandem , which allowed housing prices to continue rising . Uribe was re-elected just over a year ago by a landslide , a tribute to the popularity and effectiveness of his democratic security policy “
” of combating both the guerrillas and the country ’ s generalized violence . A second issue likely to blow the G-2 apart before it has actually taken shape is the impact of China s ’ authoritarianism on
the free movement of information . It would be hard to identify any poor country whose development prospects are seriously blocked by restrictions on market access abroad . Nevertheless , developing countries
have been falling over each other to establish export zones and subsidize assembly operations of multinational enterprises . The lesson is clear : export-led growth is the way to go . She was also the most
divisive British prime minister of modern times , admired and reviled in equal measure , owing as much to the self-righteous way she pursued her policies as to the policies themselves . She rightly described
herself as a conviction politician “ . ” The financial side of the economy will also be a source of concern . One extreme is the simplistic Keynesian remedy that assumes that government deficits don t matter
’ when the economy is in deep recession ; indeed , the bigger the better . At the opposite extreme are the debt-ceiling absolutists who want governments to start balancing their budgets tomorrow ( if not
yesterday ) . Still , the style of Russian politics has changed from cooperation to confrontation . Silence , and even collusion , is also typical of sex crimes within a family . They are wrong , but such
suspicions can feed a climate of enmity . The only hopeful aspect in Iliescu s looming victory ’ is that his opponents succeeded - just in time - in promoting growth and this may encourage the postcommunist
to keep looking ahead . To be sure , in the 1990 ’ s the US and Russia reduced their nuclear arsenals from 65,000 to approximately 26,000 weapons . But this number is still almost unimaginable and beyond
any rational level needed for deterrence . Thirteen days later , she died from her wounds . Their failure would have dire consequences for the entire region . The Syria-Iran-Hamas-Hezbollah axis would be
emboldened in its challenge to American leadership in the region , and , with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas humbled and defeated , a third Intifada would be a likely scenario . But fear is a bad counselor
. But that may not be a bad thing : Prior to the earthquake , Japan had a demand-supply gap of approximately 5 % of GDP . In the D-Mark s Shadow ’ In opposition Blair showed there was life after Thatcherism
for the Left . Over half of the dead will be aged 30 to 69 , losing about 25 years of life expectancy . In the 1920 s ’ , the world economy was reconstructed around a fixed exchange rate regime in which
many countries held their reserves not in gold ( as was the practice before the First World War ) but in foreign exchange , especially in British pounds sterling . During the course of the 1920 s ’ , some
of the official holders of pounds grew nervous about Britain s weak foreign trade performance ’ , which suggested that , like today ’ s dollar , the currency was over-valued and would inevitably decline
. In fact , Pecora examined only one commercial bank , National City Bank , prior to the enactment of Glass-Steagall . To achieve this shared identity , all citizens have to speak the one official language
and be educated according to a common curriculum . Either choice would have far-reaching consequences . That suggests that the problem may not be with US citizens attitudes ’ , but rather that , at the federal
level , the US political system allows industries with large campaign chests too much power to thwart the wishes of popular majorities . In short , there is a vacuum of global leadership just at the moment
when it is badly needed . Apart from accounting for the global divergence in savings rates , tight credit constraints in China might explain the country s high , ’ and rising , savings rate – especially
as the large rise in national savings is attributable mostly to household savings . This would mean that China s much-publicized effort ’ to boost domestic consumption might in fact call for appropriate
credit-market reforms . He also has invested in non-traditional asset classes , including real estate , oil , timber , private equity , and venture capital and buyout firms . This decentralized delivery
of goods relies on employees working for two weeks before receiving a paycheck , companies offering each other lines of credit , and banks offering bridge loans . Nation building comes at a price--in time
, money , and effort . As a practical matter , Putin certainly does not seem to be suffering any adverse domestic political consequences from his bashing in the US . More broadly , America ’ s supply of
moralistic – and even churlish advice – to the rest of the world has greatly exceeded international demand for it . Even in Washington , there is not much to be said for being partisan , unpopular , and
wrong . There is no more room for amateur central banks trying to exploit what they perceive as a residual domestic money illusion . More than half of today ’ s conflicts in the world today have a predominantly
religious dimension . Any dictator , from Saddam Hussein to Robert Mugabe , could take pride in this abuse of power . Like the European Union , the UN should possess mechanisms to suspend or even expel members
that fail to respect democratic norms . Yet activists claimed that there was a moral obligation to cut carbon-dioxide emissions , and were cheered on by businesses that stood to gain . China , for example
, seeks markets for its products and further energy resources , while Russia aims to use the SCO to promote its anti-Western agenda . What we are witnessing today is a reversal of the debates of the 1980
s ’ . Bush s prior announcements ’ of increased development assistance and stronger efforts to combat HIV / AIDS in Africa were not only moral imperatives , but also important investments in American soft
power . It is time for Europeans to make the difficult longer-term choices that are critical to sustaining and enhancing their historical regional project . The average life expectancy of Russian men , slightly
below 60 , is more African than European ( or even Asian , for the most part ) . On the other hand , perhaps banks reluctance ’ to lend reflects a fear of being short of funds if investment opportunities
get even better . Social exclusion is not only morally and legally repugnant ; it also defies economic sense . Another unspoken consideration may have been at work in the Guantanamo Bay case , which has
garnered considerable international attention . If Abdullah ( aged 83 ) can perhaps skip a generation and appoint a more open-minded younger figure , there may be hope . It would last only eight months ,
like the two previous recessions of 1990-1991 and 2001 , and the world would decouple from the US contraction . Given America ’ s looming departure , such a solution is becoming increasingly urgent . The
accumulation of large surpluses , especially in emerging Asian economies and oil-exporting countries , enabled the US to finance its current-account deficit . It also lowered long-term interest rates in
the US and made monetary conditions there more expansionary . True , the terrorist attacks on America and the Iraq war hit the economy hard . The next step in the escalation of terrorism will have profound
effects on the nature of our urban civilizations . Palestine s War ’ of Generations The British government , preoccupied with finding ways to stimulate growth as the next election approaches , will no doubt
think hard before making any changes that might drive business offshore . But the government is caught between a rock and a hard place , hemmed in by a parliament that , strongly backed by a bank-hostile
press and public opinion , is eager to enact reforms , and by EU directives to implement a tougher regime . Xtify s challenge ’ will be to get distribution ; users will need to add the app to their cell
phone in order to be targeted by anyone from a manicurist to an airport massage booth . Minutes before the helicopter took off , Elena told the General , who was wearing a fake plaster cast around his leg
: “ Dearest Victor , look after my children ! ” Admittedly , the impact of natural disasters is less systemic ; but if a calamity takes out key components of networks that lack redundancy and backup , the
effects are similar . But there were other policies that would have provided far more stimulus at far less cost . The IMF is tragically ignoring this logic in Argentina . So the ICB concluded that its reform
package for the UK would achieve the main aims of full separation at a lower cost , and without creating the risk to financial stability that could come from having undiversified , correlated , stand-alone
domestic retail banking . To be sure , the success of this approach depends on the fence staying strong . The bilateral relationship has been rocky ever since , alternating between periods of friction and
conciliation . Central bankers in Europe have always resented the narrow monetary-policy mandate given to the ECB under the Maastricht Treaty . Banking supervision was not included among the ECB s objectives
’ , though one article of the treaty gives the system of European central banks as a whole the task of contributing to effective supervision . As a result , the CDO market did not so much spread risk as
it shifted and hid it . A process of competitive economic liberalization will sweep across Asia , further guaranteeing the region s continued resurgence ’ . The alignment of incentives lies at the heart
of modern financial theory . These latest verdicts are the first death sentences meted out by Chinese courts to those who took part in protests that swept Lhasa and other Tibetan cities in the spring of
2008 . Germany has also drawn up a plan to protect its industries that is modeled on US regulation . It is a very dangerous expedient , one that undermines standards of value , renders economic calculation
virtually impossible , and redistributes wealth at random . This narrative has the potential to gain a great deal of support , particularly in the Republican-controlled House of Representatives and in the
run-up to the 2012 presidential election . In Spain and Ireland , construction investment has increased to a level ( 18-20 % of GDP ) far above that of the US and not seen in any other OECD country except
Japan before its bubble burst in 1989 . In these two countries , lower housing prices are likely to be associated with a sharp and prolonged drop in domestic demand , which should be stronger even than
what can be expected in the US . Anti-Semites often cite a passage in Matthew in which a Jewish crowd cheers for Christ 's execution and voluntarily accepts permanent guilt : " His blood be on us and on
our children . " That was also the logic of the Barcelona Process in the late 1990 s ’ , whereby the European Union worked to promote the development and democratization of the countries of the Maghreb
as the best way to stem the uncontrolled tide of illegal immigration into Europe . But , unlike the EU , the Dominican Republic is not an economic giant that can assume exclusive responsibility for extracting
Haiti from its Biblical destitution . In the 1930 s ’ , countries could not act together because they could not agree on a diagnosis of the problem . Yet the Universal Declaration marked a giant step forward
, as the world s governments ’ – with abstentions from the Soviet bloc states , Saudi Arabia , and apartheid South Africa , but with no votes in opposition – agreed that rights should take precedence over
state power . More broadly , the US must accept that times have changed and that Mexico cannot be simply classified as either an historic antagonist that has to be bought off or an unconditional ally that
can be taken for granted . Let ’ s be clear , the very existence of these weapons aggravates three global nuclear threats – from existing arsenals ( accidents , miscalculations , unauthorized use , or willful
use ) , from their proliferation to additional states , and from their acquisition by terrorists . But who provides security , and how ? Central Asia ’ s Perfect Storm Of course , domestic considerations
are not absent from Sarkozy s thinking ’ . Surveys of attitudes toward the evolving global economic system show a widening divergence among countries as well as subgroups within countries . Among the numerous
issues of fairness and equality , it is about the rich giving back to a system that has brought them unimaginable wealth . For opposing him , I have been demonized by the Bush campaign . Ben Bernanke , the
US Federal Reserve chairman , once famously pinned the whole US current account deficit on a global savings glut “ . ” Most commentators tended to assume that , if that 's what Tony Blair wants , then sooner
or later that is what will happen , because , after all , he is the Prime Minister . One focuses on the importance of the two superpowers relative stakes ’ in the crisis : the US not only had a greater
stake in neighboring Cuba than the Soviets did , but could also bring conventional forces to bear . But Israel has every reason to be concerned , for a nuclear Iran would undermine the promise of Zionism
to secure a Jewish refuge – the core rationale of Israel ’ s own strategy of “ nuclear ambiguity ” – and would embolden its enemies throughout the region . In fact , it is likely that the helicopter pilot
will hover over friends and relatives when dropping the money . The Libya Option In Iran For a monk to involve himself in politics or to hold a political post is contrary to the ethical code of Theravada
Buddhism . But in Burma today , this spiritual philosophy , rooted in compassion and non-violence , has assumed unexpected dimensions of defiance and recalcitrance , as monks challenge the hegemony of
the military junta that rules our country . During the recent court fights over AIDS drugs in South Africa , patents received a black eye . Will there be contagion to vulnerable countries in Europe and elsewhere
? Not just yet . As a result , no domestic retreat by SWFs can be expected to persist . Americans may not want their soldiers and military hardware in dozens , if not hundreds , of places around the world
, but they accept a president who offers simple often martial certainties – – . The thoughts people think in times of crisis and depression are not false . In the 1860 s ’ , James Clerk Maxwell assembled
the equations for electricity and magnetism , as they were then known , and discovered an inconsistency . The Indians want faster liberalization of the textile and clothing trades ; the EU wants better
enforcement of intellectual- property protection . I have also emphasized that Lebanon must develop its comparative advantages , particularly in education , banking , and services . Bill Clinton promised
on the eve of the bombing of Serbia that “ I cannot emphasize too strongly that the United States has no quarrel with the Serbian people . ” Whereas the standard story – the one that motivated the drive
to liberalize capital flows – is that developing countries are saving-constrained , the fact that capital is moving outward rather than inward in the most successful developing countries suggests that
the constraint lies elsewhere . Most likely , the real constraint lies on the investment side . Germany , Japan , and the US , among others , remain far below this commitment . A eurozone government , by
contrast , is always in a precarious situation : it has only very long-term assets ( its taxing power ) and shorter-term liabilities , namely government debt , much of which has to be rolled over annually
. The common courts and Supreme Court now have their own independent institutional basis in law . In these circumstances , privatization will have profound consequences for China s economy ’ . China 's current
leadership , one year after coming to power , has criticized " the single-minded pursuit of GDP growth " over the past decade and unveiled a new approach to modernization characterized as " balanced ,
human-centered , and environmentally friendly . " The change in priorities - and outsiders ' tendency to overlook it - is not difficult to understand . Given this , it is likely that world population will
peak at nine billion in the 2050 s ’ , a half-century sooner than generally anticipated , followed by a sharp decline . One could argue that this is a good thing , in view of the planet ’ s limited carrying
capacity . We must explain to citizens Europe s contribution ’ to public ethics , and the democratic virtues of fair competition in economic , political , and social life . The second source of rights -
the essentially positivist view that whatever a society declares by some constitutional means to be a right becomes one - likewise provides no guarantee for liberalizing tendencies , for it leads to cultural
relativism . If , as Huntington implies , the rights that we claim in the West emerged uniquely from the political crisis of European Christianity after the Protestant Reformation , what is to stop other
societies from appealing to their own local traditions to deny these rights ? So Europe should promote much more than it has so far an outsourcing model in the most labor-intensive segments of the value
chain , as Germany has done with great success ( particularly in Eastern Europe ) , which partly explains its bounce-back to export dominance in global markets . Of course , a great leader must always have
a sense of history . But , as the French philosopher Paul Valéry put it , history , “ the science of things which are not repeated , ” is also “ the most dangerous product which the chemistry of the intellect
has ever evolved , ” especially when manipulated by politicians . BEIJING Hope and danger – collided at the recently concluded National People s Congress ’ in Beijing . The current stockpile of nuclear weapons
represents more than a million times the explosive power of the bomb whose destruction of Hiroshima so grieved him . But it must also behave in a modern , rather than a neo-colonial , way in many places
in its former African empire . The Greek statistical office has already been severed from the government , and Eurostat will have the right to oversee Greece s official statistics ’ directly . What about
today ? The most recent EU members , Bulgaria and Romania , are both in the Balkans and both are examples of countries with special needs . The Truth and Reconciliation process may or may not work to heal
South Africa 's wounds , but if corporations are to be provided with incentives to do the right thing , they must now pay the price for the profits that they reaped from that abhorrent system . Many species
of parasites , for example , need to live inside two or more species to complete their life cycle . Cell phones seem as ubiquitous in Shanghai as in Helsinki , with dot com firms as common as in San Francisco
. Don t ’ cite something you thought or talked about later ) . ” The response rate was 38 % , and no reason was repeated by more than three respondents , except the stock-market drop itself . Some academic
economists consult for banks or rating agencies , give speeches to investor conferences , serve as expert witnesses , and carry out sponsored research . It would be natural to suspect us of bias . The breakthrough
came in late 1978 , and was carefully timed by Carter to follow the mid-term congressional elections . With Sonia Gandhi in ill health , Rahul unable to connect to the electorate even in his historically
safe constituency “ ” , and the Nehru-Gandhi brand name having lost its appeal , the prospects for the Congress in 2014 look bleak . Only the outcome will tell whether it can survive . So the nuclear relationship
has been hardened , not disrupted , by sanctions . How Europe ’ s leaders respond to these new political challengers will determine whether the monetary union stabilizes or fractures . Another major challenge
facing the new Fatah leadership will be how it deals with the duality of holding party posts while also holding ministerial positions within the Palestinian Authority . The statement summarizes the Libyan
regime s extremely repressive response ’ to the popular uprising against Qaddafi s 42-year dictatorship ’ . Of course , developing new energy technologies is not America ’ s responsibility alone . The prospect
of a truly global community of nations working together to achieve the greater good for all is indeed exciting . But , although America has been far from perfect over the last six decades , the end of
thepax Americanahas the potential to create a dangerous void in international affairs . For the past 200 years , with the exception of the Great Depression , major financial crises originated in poor and
unstable countries , which then needed major policy adjustments . Today ’ s crisis started in rich industrial countries – not only with sub-prime mortgages in the United States , but also with mismanagement
of banks and public debt in Europe . Hammurabi , Raamses II , Solon , Confucius , and Pericles were among the first great figures to embark on this effort . In both his first and second terms as Israel s
prime minister ’ , Binyamin Netanyahu refused to follow the US script on the Israeli-Palestinian peace process . The sensible guess is that these two factors cancel each other out . Many Asian countries
joined the TPP to keep “ the US in the region ” in the face of Chinese heavy-handedness . These capital flows created a boom – and a loss of long-term competitiveness – in some regions , which was followed
by an all-too-predictable bust . I am one of several dozen of the Guantánamo who cannot return to our native countries because we would likely be tortured and abused . Europe ’ s linguistic variety is immense
. But the economics profession will also become more diverse and dynamic – and our children s economics ’ will be healthier as a result . In these circumstances , we badly need strong and wise leadership
. But , according to US Treasury data , China s holdings ’ of US government securities totaled $ 1.16 trillion at the end of 2010 , accounting for roughly 60 % of the overall increase in foreign official
holdings of US government debt . It featured two clips of Obama saying , “ I ’ ve worked with Republican Senator Dick Lugar to pass a law , ” and , “ What I did was reach out to Senator Dick Lugar . ” Iran
s Revolutionary Echoes ’ Resources come first . What it needs is to institutionalize that freedom by building a modern state to replace the antiquated tsarist system . It also needs a modern civil society
to consolidate its multi-ethnic post-imperial population . These differences matter . If the challenge is met , by the time Turkey and the Union reach a final decision , both parties will have changed profoundly
. But taxing basic foods and household items can have a disproportionate impact on lower-income families , whose limited disposable incomes are already stretched thin , and thus can exacerbate existing
inequalities . The problem is that the UK has a strong interest in retaining full access to the EU market – the eurozone accounts for half of its exports of goods and services – but seems unwilling to submit
to any obligation . And there is a moral perspective “ ” , which focuses on the nature of debt and on the long-term economic consequences of failing to honor it . When I asked what the right economic policy
for Egypt should be , they simply said that all would be fine , because now they had democracy ; and any economic ideas that they did have were well to the old left of anything that had a remote chance
of working . But any finance professional will tell you that some know more than others , and they earn more , too . This required the use of torture to identify and locate the leaders , followed by their
capture or assassination . Trouble seems more likely to come from growing concern in the West over climate change . Iran claims that its nuclear program is aimed solely at peaceful uses , and that it has
the right to develop uranium enrichment and other technologies as a signatory of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty ( NPT ) . But it spent 18 years deceiving inspectors from the watchdog International
Atomic Energy Agency , leading some countries to argue that Iran destroyed its credibility and forfeited its rights to enrichment on its own soil . The ten countries Algeria – , Angola , Egypt , Ghana ,
Kenya , Morocco , Nigeria , South Africa , Sudan , and Tunisia – accounted for 81 % of Africa ’ s private consumption in 2011 . And , while popular demonstrations have diminished – largely as a result of
draconian new anti-protest laws – the more conflict accumulates beneath the surface , the more devastating the eventual explosion will be . To begin with , there is a moral element . There is something
wrong in looking the other way when one s fellow human being ’ is being slaughtered . But if the exit looks comfortably large , the public will be much more likely to remain calm , even if parts of the
room are already filling with smoke . As a recent story by Agence France Presse put it , Ahtisaari s most notable achievement ’ “ was overseeing the 2005 reconciliation of the Indonesian government and
the Free Aceh Movement rebels , bringing an end to a three-decade-old conflict that killed some 15,000 people . ” For Mikhail Gorbachev in the 1980 s ’ , the catalyst for his perestroika was the USSR s
growing economic paralysis ’ . Yet in the wake of September 11 , the focus of the debate has suddenly shifted , and it now revolves around the extent to which it may be justified to suspend or restrict
certain rights - starting with immigration rights and the rights to due process , freedom of expression and privacy - so as to fight the so-called " War on Terror " more effectively . You can argue that
Greenspan s policies ’ in the early 2000 s ’ were wrong . But you cannot argue that he aggressively pushed the interest rate below its natural level . Though China ’ s policies have brought about Pinochet-style
economic growth , if on the scale of a country that is almost a continent unto itself , they have also ensured that there is in no freedom for anyone , including the Han majority . This , in turn , means
that , while Kazakhstan and Ukraine are independent , Tibet and Xinjiang alternate between phases of violent agitation and bloody repression . Overly dependent on external demand from crisis-battered developed
economies , China has adopted the pro-consumption 12th Five-Year Plan , which lays out a powerful rebalancing strategy that should drive development for decades . With strong majorities in both houses ,
he should be able to secure whatever reform legislation he needs – that is , provided that he can maintain the LDP s internal discipline ’ ( his enormous popularity will help him ) . PRINCETON – The purpose
of creating a common currency has been largely and surprisingly forgotten in crisis-torn Europe . Strengthening and tightening United Nations Security Council Resolution 1718 , crafted in the wake of North
Korea ’ s first nuclear test in October 2006 , should be the immediate task . Right now , solar panels are so expensive – about 10 times more than fossil fuels in terms of cost per unit of energy output
– that only well-heeled , well-meaning ( and , usually , well-subsidized ) Westerners can afford to install them . But think where we ’ d be if we could improve the efficiency of solar cells by a factor
of ten – in other words , if we could make them cheaper than fossil fuels . Sweden 's government wanted the country to join , because it was afraid of the consequences of staying outside . To appreciate
what needs to be done in the short run , we must understand what dampened the Indian success story . Yes , a building boom and speculative excesses have occurred . In de-regulating financial markets worldwide
, the Thatcher-Reagan revolution brought about the corruption of money , without improving on the previous growth of wealth – except for the very wealthy . ( Obviously , given the damage caused by the BP
spill in the Gulf of Mexico , there is still some work to be done on that particular organism . ) A notorious example is postwar macroeconomic policymaking under the radical Keynesians . The radicals relied
on Keynes s untested theory ’ that unemployment depended on “ effective demand ” in relation to the money wage “ , ” but their policy ignored the part about wages and sought to stabilize demand at a high
enough level to ensure “ full employment ” . Half of this volume is concentrated in developing Asia , but Latin America and Africa have also been amassing international assets at a remarkable pace . This
pool of reserves surpasses developing countries immediate liquidity ’ needs , leading to their increased creation and expansion of sovereign wealth funds , which have an additional level of assets of more
than $ 3 trillion . No alternative – and certainly not the statusquo – will work . The need for highly effective government in the era of globalization is the key message of my new book , The Price of Civilization
. To be sure , income inequality and social injustice are a concomitant of capitalist culture throughout the West . But challengers like China and India are in no position to preach . Indeed , the real (
inflation-corrected ) federal funds rate was negative for 31 months , from October 2002 to April 2005 . The only precedent for this since 1950 was the 37-month period from September 1974 to September 1977
, which launched the worst inflation the US has seen in the last century . To recover the confidence of the international business community and the world s mining giants ’ , who were enraged in recent
years by forced renegotiations of existing deals by governments in Congo , Mongolia and Guinea , Camara was also wise to retreat from his threat to renegotiate existing mining concessions . This strategy
– which worked well for decades – always carried the risk that at some point America ’ s resources might be tied up elsewhere , leaving Europe under-protected . The Euro on the Mend Not so in the West . As
a child , mastering the cruel art of elé belé was important . There was little of the rampant jingoism , get-them-at-all-costs bloodlust , constant speechifying , and flag-waving that followed the 2001
attacks . Records of the printed receipts are automatically transmitted to the tax authorities and are used to calculate taxes . Data remain scarce . There are hundreds of global public-private partnerships
working on various global ills – but few have been examined to see what good they do . Whatever the benefits of the war , skeptics argue , they are too meager to justify the costs : more than 150,000 Iraqis
and 4,488 American service members killed , and an estimated cost of nearly $ 1 trillion ( not including long-term health and disability costs for some 32,000 wounded US soldiers . ) Annan prepared a six-point
plan for ending the violence and launching political negotiations . He dispatched a group of monitors to Syria in order to supervise the plan ’ s implementation , and the UN is about to beef up that mission
. Egypt has amended its constitution to allow it presidential election to be contested . CCP rule may not last , but the alternative state failure – and civil chaos – could be far worse than the status quo
. That element of the story , incidentally , remains valid . Australia and Japan have launched the International Commission on Nuclear Non-Proliferation and Disarmament . Statistical analysis reveals that
roughly 80 cents on every dollar borrowed by African countries flowed back as capital flight in the same year . Otherwise , Treasury bond yields would be far higher , thwarting monetary expansion by the
Fed . China views Russia as its strategic rear – and perhaps a base – in its escalating rivalry with the US ( though not yet as an ally ) . The court , according to this view , provides the coordinating
mechanism , eliminating free riders and forcing all parties to an outcome that makes everybody better off . Thus , individual decisions , though extracted under pressure , become , when assessing the outcome
, truly voluntary . Critics also cite the diversion of infrastructure funds and Louisiana National Guard troops to Iraq as contributing causes to the emergency . These factors clearly played a role , but
, overall , if a body of scientifically inclined people from the inner city had been involved in flood control and evacuation planning , the consequences of hurricane Katrina would certainly have been
managed more effectively . By contrast , Iceland s debt ’ has become so large that it is likely to constrain future growth . These decisions have become more alarming over time as the need for “ more Europe
” has become progressively more obvious . But the agreement actually does nothing to fix that problem . Why else is Europe suffering a deeper recession than America , they complain , when everyone agrees
that the US was the epicenter of the global financial meltdown ? In at least one area , liquidity management , many investors learned painful lessons from the crisis . It is not absurd to speak of a cosmopolitan
Sharia . In Islamic tradition , reform of Sharia results from anIjtijad , a creative and intellectual effort to apply Islamic law to new circumstances . The Beginning of the End for Guantánamo Lebanon now
limps forward carrying the contradictions of internal and regional politics with it . The Middle East conference to be held in Annapolis , Maryland should be a forum for final status negotiations between
the parties , dealing above all with the establishment of a Palestinian state and its borders ( those of June 1967 , with some negotiated exchanges of territory ) , its capital ( Jerusalem ) , Israeli
settlements , and the right of return for Palestinian refugees . It should also address questions of security , the termination of the decades-long state of war , and recognition of Israel by the Arab
states . Without the drama of that night at the Wall , with all its inspiring visuals , would the Velvet Revolution in Prague have come one week later ? Would Romanians have found the courage to rise against
Nicolae Ceausescu a month later ? If we make today ’ s problems the excuse for failure to save the environment , we will simply pile up much bigger and potentially catastrophic problems – – tomorrow . Certainly
, not all of these services are as good as they might be , nor held in equal regard by everyone ; but people mostly pay their taxes , and if the way that money is spent offends some , a lively public debate
ensues , and regular elections allow people to change priorities . Finally , the eurozone needs policies to restart economic growth on its periphery . Napolitano s move ’ was crucial , filling Italy ’ s
need to replace the inefficient and scandal-ridden Silvio Berlusconi , in whom fellow leaders and global markets had lost all confidence , with an internationally respected figure . And , by involving ourselves
militarily in the conflict , even if only by supplying the rebels , we might give a propaganda boost to terrorist groups that are already willing to strike in the West . More important , long-lasting economic
growth does not depend on the type of exchange rate - whether flexible or fixed ( EMU ) - while early accession will speed up crucial reforms . As Bruce Riedel , an ex-CIA analyst and former National Security
Council member , recently noted , “ Ironically , [ Saudi intelligence chief Prince ] Bandar was crucial to the transition in Syria from Hafez Assad to Bashar back in 2000 , assuring key Alawite generals
, then in the regime , that Bashar was up to the job and had Saudi support . ” Now the same Prince Bandar “ is trying to get arms to the Sunni rebels to oust Bashar . ” He killed similar numbers of his
own people . After all , Rome wasn ’ t built in a day , and the EU – rooted in the post-war European Coal and Steel Community – began with similar small steps toward integration . Fixing institutional failures
is the most important – and the most difficult step – . Third , to restore credit growth , eurozone banks and banking systems that are under-capitalized should be strengthened with public financing in a
European Union-wide program . Europe needs fiscal consolidation , reductions in carbon emissions , and a strategy for economic growth . The democratic process has lost its aura and its thrust , not least
because democratization seems to lead to the rise of political movements the West finds unacceptable . But they must also recognize that political backlashes and setbacks are inevitable – and thus that
the road from vision to reality may be longer than expected . Fortunately , the US has the Congressional Budget Office , which scores legislation in terms of its budgetary impact , assesses official budget
proposals , and formulates its own economic projections . In the process , Burma has become more dependent than ever on China . Accurately assessing maritime operations success ’ requires time and care ,
because naval capabilities cannot be built up quickly . That warning made sense 10 or 15 years ago ; not any longer . India is now impossible to ignore , much less forget , owing not only to its rapid economic
growth , but also to the country ’ s increasing geopolitical stature . What if no fog prevented the safe landing at Smolensk airport ? After all , narcissistic publicity stunts and facelifts – which worked
well for his friend Silvio Berlusconi in Italy ( until they didn ’ t ) – don ’ t inspire fear , or even respect , among Russians , where an iron-fisted ruler is always the preferred choice . Labor in a
World of Financial Capitalism Instead , just the opposite has occurred . Since the new rules on controlling mergers will come in the form of a regulation , not a directive , they will take effect immediately
, most likely before this summer , and will not need to be ratified by national parliaments . These are memories in the sense that they cause your body to respond in a particular way as a result of past
experiences . Not only has he watched close regional allies , Egypt s President Hosni Mubarak and Yemen s Ali Abdullah Saleh ’ ’ , be toppled , but fellow crowned heads in Bahrain , Morocco , and Jordan
have also felt their thrones quake from public protest . Erdoğan has also misused the legal system to stifle the media and repress citizens ’ freedom of expression . So long as we are not doing any harm
, no one may kill us just because it would be useful to do so . TOKYO Japan – ’ s prolonged political anni horribiles spanning – more than half a decade – has ended . But the nationalist genie , once released
, is not easily controlled . 17 . So I remember my shock when I learned about the Soviet invasion of Czechoslovakia in August , and the trauma that lingered long after . Whenever the top leadership in Beijing
uttered such slogans , they became the rallying cry of the bureaucracy . The party s massive propaganda machine ’ went into overdrive and blanketed the country with a publicity blitz that would make the
most extravagant Madison Avenue advertising campaign look like child s play ’ . We all know the answer : money . The longer this takes , the greater the incentives at the national level to capture a share
of global demand via protectionist measures . There is no clearer case for its application than in Libya today . Completing the right preparatory courses is no guarantee of receiving a share of the software
jackpot . Breaking the taboo of never mentioning corruption , in 1996 the Bank ’ s then president , James Wolfensohn , identified the cancer “ of corruption ” as a major burden for the poor in developing
countries . But business thrives on change . MUNICH – With pain and misgiving , the United States Congress bailed out Wall Street in order to prevent a meltdown of America s financial system ’ . But the
$ 700 billion to be used may flow into a leaky bucket , and so may the billions provided by governments throughout the world . The question now is whether this determination can bring about the type of
surprising breakthrough to peace that Sadat s newfound prestige ’ in 1973 yielded . And the United Nations , which best embodies the principles of international order , is as divided and impotent as ever
. If , for example , a pathogen is transmitted by an insect that lives in the tops of trees , susceptible hosts will not be infected if they never leave the ground . The OED etymology ignores the non-English
origins of the term , which can be found in the inventive linguistic terminology of continental European student radicalism . In a major policy reorientation , he announced last August that there is " one
state on each side of the Taiwan Strait . " Sharon will then turn to the leader of the opposition , 80-year-old former prime minister Shimon Peres , to form a national unity government . Almost 40 countries
had introduced single regulators , merging all types of oversight into a single all-powerful entity . Kasem Wattanachai quit as education minister after confronting resistance from the education bureaucracy
. So far , only a few registered financial institutions , primarily offshoots of Western commercial banks , have access to such payment-system facilities . What is now required is that EU leaders stop pretending
that Europe ’ s demographic ageing can be solved by more internal labor mobility . Ai s arrest and disappearance ’ , along with the severe prison sentence imposed on the Noble Peace Prize winner Liu Xiaobo
, are driven by the same motivation : to dam the potential for political unrest and purge independent intellectuals . As a result , many of them rely on exports of primary commodities with little change
in the composition of exports or their methods of production year after year , or even decade after decade . Thus , many tropical countries continue to live off of the same mix of coffee , tea , cacao
, bananas , or mining products that they did a generation ago . For the moment , things are moving in the wrong direction . A year later , at a Cairo conference that negotiated borders in the region , he
changed to a British officer s uniform ’ as he engaged in hard transactional bargaining . Or , to take a contemporary example , the British entrepreneur Richard Branson overcame dyslexia and poor academic
performance by using events and public stunts to promote his Virgin brands . As for the rest , the amounts that are not already committed to the peripheral countries could be used to support borrowing that
can be lent onward to Italy and Spain . Achieving economies of scale and lessening environmental impacts simply are not priorities . It could be placed inside the Asian Development Bank in Manila . Americans
will continue to pile up debt because Asians want them to do that . That was not a phrase that had been readily used to describe Poland s Communist leaders ’ over the previous four decades . After the Labor
leaders Shimon Peres , Yitzhak Rabin , and Ehud Barak embraced the two-state concept , there came the first tentative movements in that direction from Likud members : Tzipi Livni , Ehud Olmert , and Ariel
Sharon . Now , from the very bastion of the right , came Benjamin Netanyahu . And , unlike Yugoslavia s successor states ’ , which could look to Europe , the lack of a legitimate Arab democratic role model
makes crafting a democratic order even more difficult . But the French have an older word for Putinism : étatisme , which holds that the state commands society rather than serves it . In mid-2005 , voters
in France and the Netherlands rejected the EU s draft constitutional treaty ’ , partly motivated by fear that enlargement was going too fast and too far . The more we pay , the more we seem to owe and the
less we have . What those forecasting the eurozone s collapse overlooked ’ was the commitment of elected officials and their constituents to the European project . From Mississippi to Maine , and from New
York to New Orleans , America ’ s written language is the same and the spoken language is understandable to all . This seemed necessary because some ( still quite rare ) children presented with more or
less normal language development , but with grave social and behavioral difficulties . But the current firestorm , like other recent diplomatic crises for the United States , reflects a more fundamental
problem : the lack of strategic vision in American foreign policy . Other countries ’ lack of male escape fantasies in their popular culture may be no less historically rooted : less transient , more traditional
societies will not warmly welcome homegrown films and pop songs about local young men taking off and fleeing their responsibilities . One reason is that Africa ’ s recent growth rates , while high by international
standards , remain too low to have a substantial impact on poverty . Today ’ s uncertainty concerns whether this preference may be overridden by pressing considerations of national politics , or resentment
at the slow pace of reform in certain eurozone countries . The resulting savings are proposed to modernize military hardware and equip the forces for future tasks . Moreover , the new federal bonds very
long maturities ’ meant that there was no rollover risk . An interesting issue would arise if some countries wanted to act , but others did not . So far , the main target of its campaign is the communists
, whom Kremlin political operatives hope to destroy in the way they destroyed Moscow Mayor Yuri Luzhkov and former Prime Minister Yevgeny Primakov , head of the Fatherland party , who were the leading
non-communist challengers during Putin 's first presidential campaign . If the opposition defeats Wade , Senegal s most vital democratic institutions ’ could be rapidly reinvigorated . The US has applied
tremendous diplomatic pressure on Iraq s Arab neighbors ’ to get them to accept another Maliki term . How does this answer compare to the way employment protection is currently designed ? They often add
that , since fusion burns hydrogen , which can be found in seawater , it is an infinite source of energy . A 2009 G-20 agreement to refrain from protectionism in the aftermath of the global financial crisis
helped to fend off protectionism . For three decades , the rich world has talked about curbing its addiction to imported oil . The great nineteenth- and early twentieth-century financiers , men like J.P.
Morgan , Henry Frick , and Andrew Mellon , spent a large part of their fortunes on art . Images of 1929 – of financiers leaping from buildings , unemployed men sleeping on park benches , long lines at soup
kitchens , and impoverished boys selling apples on the street – are not on our minds now . The 1929 crash just does not seem relevant to most people today , probably because we survived the 1987 and 2000
crashes with few ill effects , while 1929 seems not only the distant past , but another world . Given his temperament , however , that hardly seems likely . In 2003 , Libya s renunciation ’ of its secret
weapons revealed how another country had hoodwinked the Agency . And , only recently , the IAEA discovered that Egypt conducted non-safeguarded nuclear experiments decades ago . By design , the euro was
an incomplete currency at its launch . Thus , the US urgently needs to begin making four serious changes . Such is the deep pessimism in Europe about the economy that the better the economy does today ,
the worse people think it will do tomorrow . Those who had the chance migrated , first to their homeland s centers ’ of economic progress , then abroad , to countries and places where the new world could
be found immediately . - drug prices in rich countries must remain higher through patent protection to preserve incentives for innovation ; But will Pakistan s military ’ once more inject itself directly
into the political arena , as it has done four times in the six decades since independence ? Or will the country ’ s civilian leaders mend their ways ? Some emerging economies did not let their currencies
float but , instead , continued to peg them at undervalued exchange rates in order to promote their exports and build up reserves as a form of insurance in case of crisis . According to estimates published
in the Financial Times on June 1st , at least $ 854 billion ( € 702.6 billion ) have been siphoned from Africa since 1970 in cumulative capital flight . Some commentators suggest that Obama made a bad mistake
. They have succeeded in making global warming a central moral test of our time . Because of this , I never worried that my status as a citizen would ever be in doubt . Decisions taken behind opaque walls
are more likely to be diverted to their interests . Take the WTO . This may well look like structural unemployment in three years . In three years , we may well see labor shortages , rising wages , and
increasing prices in expanding sectors , accompanied by high unemployment elsewhere in the economy . Some conductors , not wanting to carry a tin cup as they wave their batons , have rejected important
posts in the US for this reason , feeling that it would interfere with their art . Daniel Barenboim is rumored to have left the Chicago Symphony Orchestra in part because he objected to the fundraising
demands that were being made of him . The worst mistake would be to follow the opposite policy an – inevitably futile effort to appease the extremists or seek to moderate them . Such a campaign actually
disheartens the relative moderates who , feeling sold out , will try to cut their own deal with Tehran . Reforming Japan s Constitution ’ The decisions that we will make both individually and collectively
in the foreseeable future will determine whether twenty-first century science yields benign or devastating outcomes . No longer is e-mail confined to a desktop computer at the office ; the advent of smart
phones has allowed people to check their e-mail wherever they are . Foreign investors hope to use large mechanized farms to produce output for export , leaving little or nothing for the local populations
. WASHINGTON , DC – The negotiations to create a Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership between the European Union and the United States are being widely welcomed . What is urgently required now
are genuine statesmen and stateswomen . LONDON Speaking – in the happier economic times of 2005 , Mervyn King – then , as now , Governor of the Bank of England – stressed the importance of entrenching public
expectations of stable , low inflation . A unique opportunity to strengthen the world s financial infrastructure ’ and increase economic efficiency for many years to come could be slipping away . To be sure
, there has been only limited progress in establishing the single supervisor – and no progress on the resolution mechanism . Moreover , as a young institution , the Court still has much work to do in effectively
investigating and prosecuting the crimes over which it already exercises jurisdiction . So is Berlusconi himself , who favored a weak euro to compensate for Italy s economic inefficiency ’ and the complete
lack of reform during his years in office . Recent US elections rarely spared China , which found itself a frequent target of populist demagoguery . Its exchange-rate regime , which pegs the Renminbi to
the US dollar , was blamed for the mounting US trade deficit . These people were largely left in peace until a few years ago , when Jews began to lay claim on properties lost in 1948 . This seeming double
standard can be explained partly by a sense of guilt : the West has , for the most part , embraced Kosovo s independence ’ in an effort to assuage its own culpability for not preventing Slobodan Milosevic
s campaign ’ of ethnic cleansing there . These institutions are often deprived of political backing , underfinanced , and then blamed by the G-8 when global problems aren ’ t solved . Employees have suffered
wage cuts , but prices have not declined accordingly , so their loss of purchasing power is higher than it should be . Controlling China s Currency ’ It has also provided the courage to open accession negotiations
with Turkey . Those Israelis who believe that a two-state solution cannot be achieved feel vindicated ; those who simply do not want two states to coexist are equally well served . But burdensome regulations
are the biggest barrier . No one yet thinks that Chad is that country . Europe s potentially most effective instrument ’ to help Russian modernization is gradual abolition of the visa regime with Russia
. The total cost of this agenda , remarkably , would be much less than 1 % of the annual income of rich countries . These officers dismiss and mistrust the requirements of universal justice , as embodied
in the Nuremberg rulings . When the war was over , peace was made in Dayton , Ohio , not at the UN . Just do it ! " And it was done by the morning . Today ’ s leaders must come to Copenhagen and say , "
We want this done ! " TEL AVIV Syria s crisis – ’ is now a year old , with close to 10,000 people , mostly civilians , dead and no end in sight . Migrants used to pay a fee of almost 15 % on average to send
money back home ; this has fallen to less than 9 % , and in some cases nearly to zero , which should be the universal goal . But some amount of paternalism is necessary in civilized societies . One camp
Katcha Ghari – is already closed and in 2008 , only the biggest of the remaining camps Jalozai – , which once had 110,000 inhabitants – would be closed . How can we scale entrepreneurship to the point that
it has a measurable and meaningful impact on the economy ? In the case of Greece and Portugal , for example , the tourism industry might absorb some unemployed retailers . The movements of these men were
sexually suggestive , and at times they touched , even held hands . First , resorting to force is simply not realistic . You have to work the phones , cajole world leaders to do this or that . Despite Communists
' self-proclaimed ``divine right'' to a monopoly on power, other systems have proven far more vulnerable to monarchist seizures. Until the Aliyev's came along, only North Korea's utterly loony Kim Il Sung
managed to anoint his son atop a red throne. Among the success stories were India and East Asia , which invested heavily not just in primary education , but also in secondary and tertiary education , and
especially in technology and science . This represented a major change in the Bank s approach ’ to education , which previously focused on primary schooling . Both books apply to the past the lens that
Argentines are accustomed to using when they look at the present : the lens of the press . Bin Laden wants these people to feel like sinners . Poetically , he attacks Muslim men s masculinity and sense
’ of honor for not defending Islam . Round up the usual suspects . And French is still a global language . A century later , millions of people are taking Nietzsche 's advice to heart . Unrecognized by almost
everyone , Czech society has moved beyond Havel and Klaus . Worse , these numbers are just the latest in what has now been a four-and-a-half-year-old trend . From the first quarter of 2008 through the second
quarter of 2012 , annualized growth in real consumption spending has averaged a mere 0.7 % – all the more extraordinary when compared with the pre-crisis trend of 3.6 % in the decade ending in 2007 . Now
that America 's recovery is underway - and it arises from a slump not a recession - the current account deficit will widen even further and in no time discussions about the unsustainable high-flying dollar
will become fashionable again . But society and the market have their own rights and sovereignties that are not granted by the state . These programs were fine , the argument goes , for the industrial economy
of the Great Depression and the post-World War II generation , but they have become obsolete in today s high-tech ’ , networked , post-industrial economy . This anthropocentric vision is carried by the
Christian tradition in the message that man is made in the image of God and that the Son of God sacrificed himself for man . Similarly , there will still be wars , fought with ever more brutal and destructive
weapons . But we have good reason to hope that there will be fewer of them . Moreover , people with a higher socioeconomic position tend to adopt new behaviors first , and to abandon more readily behaviors
that are found to damage health , such as smoking and high-fat diets . The economist Richard Easterlin famously observed that surveys of “ happiness show surprisingly little evolution ” in the decades after
World War II , despite significant trend income growth . The irony here is that the proliferation of such preferential trade agreements ( PTAs ) is usually justified by pointing to the lack of progress
in concluding the Doha talks . As proof of this new realism , the government has been trumpeting its response to the set of policy recommendations that an expert panel led by the business executive Louis
Gallois presented two weeks before the downgrade . The response is centered on a payroll-tax cut , which will be offset by spending cuts and a higher value-added tax . But what if I forget my umbrella at
Z 's house ? It is not necessary to please 100 % of the voters , only enough to win . The fiscal card is critical in choosing which groups of voters to buy . Should We Affirm Affirmative Action ? Nanny never
said : “ Eat what is on your plate . ” She never said : “ You must share with others , ” or “ don 't be greedy . ” In a few days , India will host a meeting in Hyderabad of the United Nations Convention
on Biological Diversity . The assembled countries will consider how to raise the resources necessary to achieve the ambitious Aichi Biodiversity Targets , adopted two years ago at the last such meeting
in Japan . Perhaps most importantly , the days of borrowing to build a large state security apparatus would be gone for good worldwide – . The expression of this desire is especially important now that the
world is gripped by a terrifying economic crisis . Musharraf went to Ferozeshah Kotala cricket ground in Delhi and saw his team win the match . For every worker and firm affected adversely by import competition
, there is one or more worker and firm expecting to reap the benefits of access to markets abroad . From one perspective , it is good that the euro zone 's finance ministers are eager to keep their national
debts low in the long term : it is a sign that the victories over inflation won in the 1970 's will not be casually thrown away . Working long days might be only a marker for being at higher risk of heart
disease . For example , it could be that highly stressed people with Type A personality who think that bacon cheeseburgers and creamy sauces are staple foods , and who already have an increased , long-term
risk of heart disease , also tend to work longer hours . Carson drew on scientific findings , but also voiced fundamental misgivings about consumer capitalism and a postmaterialistic belief “ ” in the primacy
of the quality of life over economic growth . Trade . This appears to be the case , for example , in Peru , where sound fiscal policies have kept deficits and inflation under control . It is also true in
Colombia , where strong budget revenues could allow for a temporary spending boost to counter external risks . But , far from being characterized by secularization , our age has witnessed vast eruptions
of religious passion . Merkel s style ’ has exacerbated this confusion : she prefers to lead from behind and seems incapable of the stateswoman-like speech that would bring people to accept bolder measures
. So why can 't this progress be emulated in other Arab societies ? Thailand ’ s universally loved and respected King has not taken a public stand on the occupation of the airports nor on any other recent
public demonstrations . As Johnson pointed out in his Congressional testimony , “ solutions that depend on smarter , better regulatory supervision and corrective action ignore the political constraint on
regulation and the political power of big banks . ” After China \ u0027s Party The Deer Hunter conceives of Vietnam as a metaphor for insanity , the arbitrary click of a gun in a game of Russian roulette
signaling the difference between life and death for American GIs addicted to the madness of war and hell in a very small place . China , however , rejects such sentimentality about self-determination . In
the longer run , a system of good incentives must be created to change people 's expectations of economic success and increase their opportunities to " learn by doing . " Perhaps even more compelling ,
services share ’ of total global employment reached 42.7 % in 2007 , well ahead of agriculture ( 34.9 % ) and industry ( 22.4 % ) . Many service-sector jobs are low-paying , precarious , and not covered
by formal mechanisms of social protection . Violence is the other currency being traded in Latin America . Europe is a confluence of different traditions and histories , of independent sovereign states . LONDON
– The economic situation in the countries of the so-called Arab Awakenings is deteriorating quickly . The analogy is misleading . • More seats on the IMF executive board for emerging market countries , made
possible by consolidation of some European seats ; As a result , the biggest asset and credit bubble in human history is now going bust , with overall credit losses likely to be close to a staggering $
2 trillion . In fact , as Acemoglu points out , the powerful private-sector players consistently tried to marginalize Fannie and Freddie and exclude them from rapidly expanding market segments . These jobs
will play a vital role in reducing the environmental footprint of economies and promoting sustainable production and consumption patterns . In a rapidly greening labor market , those jobs lost to environmental
unsustainability will have to be replaced by just transitions involving the promotion of social security , economic diversification and retraining . Later , the eurozone ’ s “ no bail-out principle ” was
abandoned . Liberal democracy is only a recent invention . In any resource-rich and undemocratic country , the political class and the business interests that surround it have little or no incentive to support
stronger property rights , the rule of law , and competition . Saddam was attempting regularly to kill American and British aircrews enforcing the no-fly zones . Duke Energy , America s largest utility ,
’ has shelved plans to build two reactors in Florida , after having spent $ 1 billion on the project . Now is the time for Georgian , Russian , Abkazian , and Ossetian civilians who are bearing the brunt
of the conflict to come together to stop imperial chess games that kill thousands of people and leave thousands more displaced and emotionally wounded . International competition for investors is brutal
, so waiting for them to fall from the sky is not an option . Nor were the protesters actions peaceful ’ . They threatened property and undermined political order from the outset . But the Convention 's
outcome is unpredictable . Many contend that the agenda is being driven by knuckle-dragging climate-change deniers . 1 . Accept a limited renegotiation of the Greek program . Reduced debt-service costs would
mean that the debt / GDP ratio would start to fall , and government spending on infrastructure , education , healthcare , and redistribution could rise . More generally , the national debt of any country
grows by the size of its budget deficit or declines by the size of its budget surplus . LONDON – On April 25 , 1953 , Francis Crick and James Watson published a one-page paper that many believed would revolutionize
biological research . Building on the work of Rosalind Franklin and Maurice Wilkins , they had discovered DNA s double-helix structure ’ , providing the first glimpse into how organisms inherit and store
biological information . Why not issue more ? Why not develop markets in which they can be traded ? Isn ’ t this a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to move away from a world where the US Federal Reserve and
the European Central Bank hold the supply of international liquidity in thrall ? WARSAW – It was two decades ago this summer that communist rule began to implode from Tallinn in the Baltic to Tirana in
the Adriatic , ushering in free elections , market reforms , and expanded civil liberties . Late last year a publishing ban was imposed on ten leading intellectuals . Several were fired from state-sponsored
jobs . The difference between Chinese and US saving rates has been growing for decades . First , given that countries make international commitments only when their citizens are ready to do so , increasing
domestic pressure for emissions reduction is crucial . Every major economy must recognize that investment in “ green growth ” can create jobs and bolster economic development . The ``war on terrorism''
has come to serve as a handy substitute. For tens of thousands of student protesters , many with their parents in tow , the potential death of an honest education was too much to bear . The agents traditionally
used to speed up excretion of inorganic metals from poisoned patients turned out to make symptoms of methyl mercury poisoning worse rather than milder . It is ironic that the United States , which portrays
itself as a friend of democracy and impoverished countries , gives the smallest share of its GNP in aid among the rich countries , and also refuses to participate in global efforts to reduce greenhouse
gas emissions . With interethnic tensions already on the rise , Yugoslavia was the first country to dissolve into conflict . Soon after , war broke out between Armenia and Azerbaijan , followed by fighting
in Transdniestria and Chechnya . In the end , it will squander human lives--such as the brave and dedicated workers of the UN--not to mention hundreds of billions of dollars . If you get aroused by having
your adult partner dress up as a schoolchild before you have sex , and he or she is happy to enter into that fantasy , your behavior may be abhorrent to most people , but as long as it is done in private
, few would think that it makes you a criminal . Sometimes the real value of a conference , however , lies in the conferring . This does not mean that the world s powers ’ will not inflict damage of their
own . Today , these governments are more likely to use drones and special forces to strike at their perceived enemies . After the fall of the Berlin Wall , its leaders realized that German reunification
was possible only in the context of a united Europe , and they were willing to make some sacrifices to secure European acceptance . Its base comprises the mass of well-established knowledge – no longer
controversial and seldom discussed outside academia . An example of successful waste management is the reprocessing of PET bottles ( made of polyethylene terephthalate ) into polyester fibers . Would it
be a great disaster if Iran had nuclear weapons ? It will heighten the difficulty of meeting the convergence criteria for euro adoption . But it will also heighten the will to succeed . According to the
agency ’ s forecast , uranium demand in Europe will fall from 21,747 tons in 2010 to 17,378 tons by 2018 and roughly 16,000 tons by 2024 . The global market does not impose Westernization . But Putin 's
interventions in the UN Security Council over Iraq have been far more moderate than , say , those of France and Germany , two of America 's historic allies . In fact , it would take at least a generation
, during which much of the effort of modern life would have to be made , while the fruits of this effort would remain elusive . Moreover , any viable solution in Iraq requires political agreement among
Iraqis , which in turn will depend on their willingness to compromise . Policymakers are damned if they do and damned if they don ’ t . Toledo later claimed that he was wrong to trust Almeyda , but few believed
that the president had not known what Almeyda , a trusted confidante , had done . The Wisdom of Crisis Prevention Turkey is now , finally , negotiating with the European Commission the terms of its possible
membership in the European Union . I am talking , of course , about cheap trendy fashion . Moreover , rejecting Europe ’ s arguments out of hand , owing to a suspected protectionist agenda , is not without
risk . Its early history began while much of Europe was rebuilding itself after WWII . But it is only a matter of time until they fall , too . As a result , the minimal consensus needed to establish rules
for regulating these countries political transitions ’ has failed to emerge . National assertion is a way of combating impersonal forces and remote authorities . While the government has begun many projects
, with few exceptions , including tax breaks for the wealthy , most are still in the making . Although those who stopped using cannabis partially improved over those continued using cannabis , they were
below the level of controls , and this impairment was related to the duration of use . BERKELEY Broadly speaking – , for at least 115 years ( and possibly longer ) – that is , at least since the publication
of the Swedish economist Knut Wicksell s Geldzins und Güterpreis ’ ( Interest and Prices ) in 1898 economists – have split into two camps with respect to what a central bank is and the purposes it should
serve . Propaganda and indoctrination are time consuming and inefficient . But their exclusive , rigid ideology was poorly suited to governing such a large and diverse country . Overall , Kuwait has always
had a lively political life , with freedom of expression and less political repression than is common in neighboring countries . Consumption demand for luxury goods is unlikely to solve the problem . By
contrast , Spain s external deficit ’ is still above 4 % of GDP , while Portugal and Greece recently recorded astronomical figures of around 10 % . Nevertheless , the extent of US cooperation with the ICC
has exceeded even the constructive role that the Obama administration had proposed . Of course , none of us knew the precise moment when catastrophe struck at Chernobyl 25 years ago . We haven ’ t yet come
across a large enough group of twins with such data . Not only did it produce world-straddling alliances , but either side could have used intercontinental missiles to destroy the other within 30 minutes
. The European Central Bank , with its often criticized monetary pillar , may have a head start . As the obstacles created by previous government policies and past population growth are gradually removed
, adopting successful innovations will yield increasingly large payoffs and faster per-capita growth over time . No generation should be forced to accept unnecessary economic risks imposed by another generation
. The stakes are much clearer than they usually are in these types of battles . Of course , the slow , tortuous process of international justice is often frustrating to the victims . A story is constructed
, which rationalizes one s discomfort ’ as reflecting an awareness of some general evil . What about the villages exterminated to set an example ? A few NGO s ’ and some brave Russian and Western reporters
have witnessed countless crimes . The trouble is that there is no shortage of suspects . Hekmatyar and Al-Qaida expect their task to be easier since the enemy is likely to have its attention focused on Iraq
. It is most often lauded for supplying new jobs . This danger is heightened as policymakers in 22 developing countries consider health-care reforms and those in 47 developing countries discuss pension reforms
. In addition , some member governments , like those of Germany and Austria , have demonstrated serious anxiety that EU enlargement will incite a flood of job-seekers from Central and Eastern Europe , and
made clear that they will demand a long delay in granting free movement of labour to any new member state . In practice , however , the construction of legal foundations could weaken the Chinese government
s operational flexibility ’ when responding to a Taiwanese move toward independence . Precisely for this reason , many of the changes in Europe have occurred despite German opposition . In the end , the
German government has had to resort to the art of the political U-turn , with the result that Germany , though economically strong , has grown institutionally weaker – a dynamic exemplified by its reduced
influence in the ECB s Governing Council ’ . Without an independent judiciary , secure property rights , and a check on corruption , Putin s modernization ’ will mimic Brezhnev s ’ . It is the job of regulators
to ensure that no one is ever granted such a license . If you want to join the UK Conservative Party or the German Christian Democrats or America s Democratic Party ’ , you can do so easily , and they will
welcome you with open arms . Indeed , before joining the monetary union , the new member countries will need to make more progress toward the convergence criteria for interest rates , inflation , and public
finances . Then they received a diagnosis of dystonia , a rare neurological disorder . Certainly , merely returning to big government will not resolve anything , because it is inefficient and generates the
opposite but equivalent imbalance . The euro s rise ’ will soon cause massive pain to the PIIGS , whose recessions will deepen , causing their sovereign risk to rise . For starters , affluent northern Europeans
have to be convinced that it is in their interest to strengthen the EU , as it certainly is . Christian religions certainly helped to shape European civilization . But not all European citizens are practicing
Christians . This was an investigation that had to be conducted , and those found to have the highest level of responsibility for the crimes had to be indicted . We , the Europeans , have one specific task
. It is now more , not less , able to deal with terrorism . If PepsiCo and ABF want us to regard them as ethical producers , they need to follow the lead of Nestlé and now Coca-Cola , and accept responsibility
for their suppliers ’ conduct toward some of the world s poorest ’ and most powerless people . It requires a lot of time , continuous effort , uncompromising integrity , appropriate funding and material
support , and unwavering commitment . Proposed scientific advances require careful validation and replication by independent scientists . Homes are the most local of investments , rooted to a particular
place like a tree , and thus thriving or withering in response to local economic conditions . Likewise , commercial fishing frequently depends on gill nets walls – of fine netting in which fish become snared
, often by the gills . Securing Nuclear Material Russia reverted to a neo-authoritarian system . NEW HAVEN – On April 2 , the G-20 will hold a summit in London to discuss what we may hope will be an internationally
coordinated plan to address the world economic crisis . But the trend towards increasing sophistication and breadth of our financial markets suggests that we can expect to see much further growth in cat
bonds . While the Orange Revolution made ordinary Ukrainians more conscious of their rights than ever before , this alone cannot guarantee that they are certain to see those rights vindicated in the coming
weeks . Small loans empower women by giving them more control over household assets and resources , more autonomy and decision-making power , and greater access to participation in public life . Women are
more likely than men to meet regular repayments and to spend their earnings on children ’ s health and education . From here , then , all that is required to become a nuclear power are a few small technical
steps and political leaders ’ decision to take them . And Iran s nuclear quest ’ remains a reality that must not be ignored during the next key three years , when the Islamic Republic will lead NAM while
itself remaining one of the most serious problems on the international agenda . Moreover , food and beverages , housing , and private transport account for almost 80 % of environmental pressures . SEATTLE
– The lives of the world s poorest people ’ have improved more rapidly in the last 15 years than ever before , yet I am optimistic that we will do even better in the next 15 years . One area where business-method
patents promise to spur innovation is financial markets . Deception is instantly appealing to many individual businesses . As investors fled the country because of fear of devaluation ( in a period in which
the Argentine Government was promising never to devalue the peso , fixed at one-to-one with the US dollar ) , interest rates rose and bank deposits fell . This deepened the recession in 2000 and 2001 and
led to a rising budget deficit because of declining tax revenues . The sooner this happens , the more difficult it will be for the separatists to claim that they alone are the legitimate authors of Chechnya
's fate . Nevertheless , given the large size of China s armed forces ’ , which currently stands at 2.3 million , a rough calculation would indicate that monthly spending per soldier is at most 2,500 yuan
on average too low – to recruit and retain competitive staff . But if China wants to raise the military budget to improve the quality of its army , the conflict with the demands of fiscal stability could
make military transparency important for domestic reasons , and China might no longer view it as being off limits in its relations with the US . While West Germany 's economy was stronger , France was a
nuclear power and a permanent , veto-wielding , member of the UN Security Council . Many African leaders insist that they should retain principal control of any peacekeeping force in Darfur . The Real Mission
for Pope Francis Europe cannot once again remain passive in the face of an issue that is of such crucial importance for the international order , especially one that is in its own neighborhood . In the 1930
s ’ , the Great Depression brought the entire economy to its knees . Having suffered what economists call a sudden stop “ , ” many parts of the US economy were imploding or had ceased to function to extend
– the medical metaphor , even the most vital organs were threatened . Convincing studies of drugs and surgical procedures usually come only from randomized trials , in which patients receive treatment or
don t ’ according to a process analogous to a coin flip . Well-conducted randomized trials incorporate additional safeguards against bias , including use of placebo medication that allows investigators
to blind patients and caregivers to whether patients are , or are not , receiving active treatment . These cuts , along with the tax increases agreed to in January , would knock about 1.25 percentage points
off 2013 GDP growth , consigning the economy to another year of tepid recovery and disappointing job gains . The 550 scenario equates to an increase in global temperature of approximately 3 ° C , while
the 450 scenario implies an increase of around 2 ° C. The value of all ODA in 2006 was $ 126 billion , less than half the value of private remittances , even though it includes assistance from OECD and
non-OECD countries , as well as from China . A company s legal residence and geographic sources ’ of income can be and are manipulated for such purposes , and the incentives and scope for such manipulation
are especially large in sectors where competitive advantage depends on intangible capital and knowledge sectors – that play a major role in the US economy ’ s competitiveness . Those who survive the effects
of malnutrition are less productive ; physical and mental impairment means children benefit less from education . We - the new democracies of Eastern Europe – are becoming more and more like those countries
that provide opportunity only for the rich , leaving everyone else to fend for themselves . Belarus won independence in 1991 , but , since 1994 , President Alexander Lukashenko has shamelessly embraced
communist symbols and methods – – to cling to power . As other Chinese cities become more free and more confident , Hong Kong is submissively abandoning the freedoms it once held with pride . The timing
of the conference is not propitious . George W. Bush , long a skeptic about global warming , and long committed to undermining multilateralism , remains America ’ s president . Rodents , in particular ,
are sensitive to these noises , and studies show that this sensitivity does not diminish with time , as is commonly assumed . Street protest , if it can sustain itself for more than that crucial first week
, has an effect that is both tactical and emotional ; mass protest during the French Revolution made it clear to the courtiers that this rebellion would be too profound to quell in the usual manner ; street
protests in the American colonies , in the face of arrest or worse , made the colonies ungovernable even before George III waged a costly , unpopular war . These days the Chairman of President Bush s Council
’ of Economic Advisers , Ben Bernanke , likes to talk about a global savings glut “ ” that has produced astonishingly low real interest rates around the world . But that is the wrong way to look at it
. The program may stimulate some productive credit intermediation , but it will not make a significant dent in what will remain one of the major obstacles to robust economic recovery . Many rainforest countries
have united in recent years to suggest the establishment of a rainforest conservation fund by the rich countries , to pay impoverished small farmers a small amount of money to preserve the forest . Low
real long-term rates mean that any long-term asset that pays , say , $ 100 a year in real terms would have been worth a real $ 1,429 in 1984 , when it yielded 7 % , but would have to be worth a real $
5,000 now , when it yields just 2 % . A decline in long-term rates of such magnitude would thus appear to imply massive price inflation for real assets , justifying the high prices we are in fact seeing
. It has the potential to promote both prosperity and peace . But , rather than enhancing solidarity within Europe , it is sowing seeds of discord within and between countries . Three things explain this
remarkable resilience : ideas , politics , and institutions . But another aspect of the public health system in nations with limited healthcare resources hospital – � acquired infection – has been largely
ignored by the public , press , and funding agencies . The government ’ s closing of democratic and institutional spaces produces responses of a proportional and equivalent force , which in turn tends to
expand the political conflict toward areas where force and violence prevail . As a consequence of this dilemma , Socialist parties across Europe seem paralyzed . Who Are Tomorrow ’ s Consumers ? Pakistan
did not erupt because Pakistan s elite ’ is focused on modernization . After all , its institutional innovations apply only to the new Novo Mercado-listed companies , and not to the bulk of the Brazilian
economy ’ s big firms , which are listed on the stock exchange s main segment ’ , and thus remain stuck with the old rules , old institutions , and an ineffective court system . The Wars of the Chinese
Succession Ms. Park once pledged to provide loans for working-class families from elementary school to college years , while contending that local universities should be empowered to have more autonomy
. She favors engagement policy and the six-party talks so as to resolve the nuclear troubles . Its goal – to improve the measurement of education quality and learning outcomes – is pertinent to developed
and developing countries alike . With its fearless involvement in Arab politics , it has created a new venue for political freedom , which has culminated in its unreserved support for Arab revolutions . Like
technological innovation , financial innovation is concerned with the perpetual search for greater efficiency – in this case , reducing the cost of transferring funds from savers to investors . Cost reductions
that represent a net benefit to society should be regarded favorably . Just as there is no one size “ fits all policy ” for economic development , there is no such policy for fighting corruption . Financial
deregulation together – with easy money – had contributed to excessive risk-taking . Monetary policy would be relatively ineffective in reviving the economy , even if still-easier money might prevent the
financial system s total collapse ’ . The Russians openly backed Annan s peace initiative ’ . This reflects three developments . Indeed , two recent developments may help anchor Kazakhstan as a Western ally
. The first is the country s election ’ to the annual rotating chairmanship of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe ( OSCE ) in 2010 . The limp debt exchange agreed to in July can be
thrown out and replaced by one that grants the country meaningful debt relief . But converting underwater non-recourse mortgage loans “ ” , where only the house is at risk , into so-called recourse liabilities
“ , ” for which nonpayment would have consequences for all of a borrower s assets ’ , could address this concern , while simultaneously tempering America s culture ’ of leverage with a much greater sense
of responsibility . Of course , there is a prominent example of just that : Kofi Annan , under whose stewardship the UN has undergone a remarkable improvement . Third , the World Bank ’ s primary responsibility
is to fight poverty , which means that when it confronts a poor country plagued with corruption , its challenge is to figure out how to ensure that its own money is not tainted and gets to projects and
people that need it . Our economy has not been adversely affected by staying out . It takes the felling of a sizeable forest to furnish enough paper for 714 million ballots , and every election has at least
one story of officers battling through snow or jungle , or traveling by elephant and camel , to ensure that the democratic wishes of remote constituents are duly recorded . " Become who you are , " wrote
the philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche . With nuclear proliferation , that risk may one day become real . Other things being equal , the right institutions can curbpro-cyclical fiscal policies tax cuts – and
spending hikes during booms and austerity during downturns – in the short run , while helping to deliver debt sustainability in the long run . These institutions include independent fiscal-forecasting
agencies , combined with the cyclically adjusted budget targets that the eurozone s fiscal compact mandates ’ . Nor have the popular trends of recent decades proven to be much better . For me , Europe s
integration ’ of Muslim Turkey into its political union is the same sort of question of peace that Schumann and Monnet successfully confronted . Today , Europe needs peace between cultures as much as it
once needed peace between nations , and it is for this reason that we must welcome Turkey into our midst . The spate of earning reports from America s biggest banks ’ suggests that there are real worries
here . The dilemma is neatly summed-up by the two clear candidates for the top job as “ Mr. Europe . ” On the one hand , there ’ s the safe pair of hands personified by Jean-Claude Juncker , the veteran
prime minister of tiny Luxembourg , who knows the ins and outs of the EU s political machinery ’ and chairs the euro zone s ministerial set-up ’ . In fact , liberal values sometimes contradict each other
. Islam , for example , has historically permitted certain forms of polygamy , but no liberal society is obliged to extend religious freedom in ways that undermine its commitment to gender equality . Of
course , the obligation of the Self-Defense Forces not to engage in offensive combat operations remains unchanged . With its expanded roles , however , the Self-Defense Forces are well prepared to engage
in other military operations , such as shadowing and chasing spy ships , anti-terror activities , and missions to prevent proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and ballistic missiles . Yet this has
been portrayed as “ buying news . ” Even in the habitually Euro-skeptical United Kingdom , Prime Minister David Cameron has sought to boost his international credibility by highlighting his close ties with
Merkel , rather than by emphasizing the UK s special relationship ’ “ ” with the United States . Alternatively , it may be that the SNB mostly wishes to talk the franc down to break the safe-haven effect
. Enter XDR-TB . The World Health Organization estimates that there were 425,000 new MDR-TB cases in 2004 , with China , India , and Russia accounting for just over 60 % . To be sure , such predictions may
well prove accurate ; if they do , the rest of the world will benefit . A strong and dynamic US economy , reinvigorated by cheap shale gas and accelerating innovation , would rejuvenate the global economy
as a whole . His foreign minister , Avigdor Lieberman , had already threatened to crush the PA government on the West Bank if the UN vote went ahead . This is a nightmare that both European and mainstream
Romanian politicians want to avoid . He then joined the Liberal Party , accepting the invitation of the Liberal Association of Northwest Manchester . But the room for fiscal policy is wider , so governments
must do two things urgently . The 5 + 1 , for their part , should indicate that an eventual agreement on the basis of “ minimum enrichment and maximum controls ” is possible . Moreover , China ’ s already
restless Muslim-majority province of Xinjiang , which borders on Afghanistan , might be dangerously affected by a Taliban takeover there , or by the country s dismemberment ’ . Carbon-dioxide levels are
one-third higher now than at any time in the past million years , owing to our industrial emissions . This is not to deny some positive consequences . Almost two years on , financial reform remains incomplete
, as the agenda itself is still evolving . The military-run referendum will not bring democracy to Burma , nor will it help the Burmese people , who now are suffering not only from the authoritarian regime
and poverty , but also from a grave natural disaster and its totally inept handling by the cynical generals . A negotiated land “ for peace solution ” still remains official Western doctrine . As US Secretary
of State Hillary Clinton put it in a recent speech , “ a just , lasting , and comprehensive peace ” has to be based on “ two states for two peoples . ” After moving on to produce car audio equipment , Liu
Jiren , Neusoft 's CEO , began hearing complaints from local hospitals about the high cost of specialized X-ray , MRI , ultrasound , and CT-scanning machines ( such as those made by GE , Philips , Siemens
, and Toshiba ) . Beyond the sub-prime crisis , concerns about the US financial system s stability ’ carry serious implications for the global economy . Moreover , the customs union makes it almost impossible
for Russia to conclude any free-trade agreement with the EU . GDP per head in the United Kingdom in the late 1920 s ’ ( before the 1929 crash ) was roughly £ 5,200 ( $ 8,700 ) in today s value ’ . In the
years following the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , for example , legitimate security concerns led to enormous student-visa delays and bureaucratic hassles for foreigners aspiring to study in
the US . Student numbers have since rebounded , despite intermittent problems , but there remain severe limits on work and residency visas , which should serve as an enticement for the best and brightest
to study in the US . Once the music stopped , the assets plunged in value . The opposition has responded by calling on Nigerians to boycott the conference , arguing that it lacks legitimacy . The opposition
, grouped in the Pro-National Conference Organization ( PRONACO ) , a new umbrella coalition of political parties and human rights groups , has said it would convene an alternative national conference
in June . Recent experience , however , suggests that , far from supplanting national law enforcement , international justice is beginning to spur toward national prosecutions , reinforcing rather than
replacing local efforts . International inaction on Syria is bad news not only for the country ’ s people ; it is also eroding the legitimacy of one of the world s most important multilateral institutions
’ . Given that the issues of Iran and Syria are closely connected , internal division among the Security Council ’ s five permanent members ( the US , China , Britain , France , and Russia ) could be extremely
damaging to the search for a solution to Iran s nuclear-enrichment drive ’ . The European Central Bank and the Bank of England have been the worst offenders . That is no surprise , as European central bankers
are the most conventional in their thinking and have been the most obsessed with inflation . His boldest proposal – eliminating deductions for interest paid on mortgages on second homes – is trivial in
terms of generating revenue . It has coped with the international community s increasingly stifling sanctions ’ , while maintaining its nuclear program and continuing to participate in the diplomatic process
with the P5 + 1 ( the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council , plus Germany ) . The exchange rate of the renminbi against the US dollar rose only about 3 % between June 2010 and the
year s end ’ . According to an analysis used by some American economists and politicians , the low rate of currency appreciation , combined with Chinese export growth of 31 % in 2010 over 2009 , should
have increased China s trade surplus ’ by a wide margin . So far , the bazooka “ ” represented by the ECB ’ s “ outright monetary transactions program has ” had the desired effect – without having to be
used . Eurozone financial markets have stabilized , and the euro has appreciated against the dollar and the yen . Recent data on consumer spending in the United States have been terrible . Growth in inflation-adjusted
US personal consumption expenditures has just been revised down to 1.5 % in the second quarter of 2012 , and appears to be on track for a similarly anemic increase in the third quarter . The Bank began
to recognize that developing countries differed from more developed countries not just in their lack of resources ; there was also a knowledge gap . This was particularly important as the world moved into
what we call the knowledge economy “ . ” Writing that sentence almost makes me faint with boredom . Perhaps this is one of the reasons why 15 years after the fall of Communism , we again witness political
apathy . There is certainly good reason to be concerned about Maliki s temperament ’ , his small group of advisers , his tendency to exercise personal control in the use of state power , and his reputation
, partly merited , of making empty promises . Japan faces parliamentary elections in the near future , by August 2013 at the latest , but perhaps as early as the start of the year . These are just some of
the better-known examples . Looking at the experience of more than 100 countries , I have found in my research that each 10 % undervaluation adds 0.3 percentage points to growth . So , the ECB will encounter
no problem of inflation being driven ahead by wages . He must also begin the process of withdrawing combat troops from Iraq , a task that he said would be completed in 16 months . But Europe s integration
’ of sovereign states ’ interests by means of common institutions could also be an example for much of the world . But the new president kicked over the narcotics beehive with neither a fumigator nor protective
netting on hand . Interior Minister Palaniappan Chidambaram , a tough reformer , has this problem in his sights , but it cannot be solved by better policing alone . But this presupposes a radical change
of heart , particularly in Germany . The German public still thinks that it has a choice about whether to support the euro . But his successor , Hu Jintao , has focused on the damage that has come from
unrestrained growth . Foreign participation in the financial sector brings expertise needed to provide more efficient savings instruments , risk management , and allocation of capital . But to use that
expertise – the most valuable asset a globally competitive financial institution has – investors need to control the operations of firms in which they have a stake . So counter-intuitive are quantum theory
s ’ predictions that , under the leadership of one of its pioneers , Neils Bohr , a myth grew that there is no underlying reality that explains them . Particles get from A to B without passing through
the intervening space , where they have insufficient energy to exist ; they briefly borrow “ ” the energy , because we are “ uncertain ” about what their energy is . With the military , which had held exclusive
power from 1962 , retaining some 25 % of the seats , there were fears that the election would be a façade . The global nature of the current crisis makes it plain that Europe must be able to decide quickly
and coherently , or suffer adverse consequences . The Council quoted St. Paul : “ I had not known sin , but by the law : for I had not known lust , except the law had said . ” But this argument is clearly
losing the battle for hearts and minds . Even the tiny state of Qatar has the rabble-rouser Al-Jazeera television channel , which is watched by more viewers in Saudi Arabia than in any other Arab country
. Messages by their dissident compatriot Osama Bin Laden are periodically beamed from that channel , inciting Saudis against the royal family . In the face of an immense tragedy , working class families
around the world opened their wallets to the disaster s victims ’ . Former US President Bill Clinton called this response a democratization “ of development assistance , ” in which individuals lend their
help not only through their governments but also through their own efforts . When people have the freedom to assemble , to speak , and to publish their views , society benefits not only by increasing the
range of ideas that are debated , but also by keeping corruption in check . PITTSBURGH – On a recent visit to Greece , French President François Hollande declared that Europe s decline ’ was over , and
urged French companies to invest in Greece . There is significant potential domestic demand for coal briquettes to replace wood for cooking and domestic and industrial heating . Rather than becoming an ally
, India is more likely to become one of the Asian countries that will tend to balance China s strategic rise ’ . So fiscal consolidation is the royal road to economic recovery . This , by itself , will not
be enough to draw a line under the eurozone s crisis ’ . Sometimes it is : a good deal of the relationship comes from countries where interest rates are higher and the stock market is lower , and where
a higher debt / GDP ratio does indeed mean slower growth . It can be argued that during the colonial era , France willed the happiness of Algerians , not only the greatness of France . Those who expected
major reforms in the global financial architecture may well be sorely disappointed by what has happened in the past six years . Of course , when born these future generations will have rights . So , at least
for now , China will focus on another great wave of economic reform , whereas political reform will mostly be limited to reorganization of government agencies to boost efficiency and strengthen efforts
to reduce corruption . Indeed , the parallels with the role of coal and steel in forging the European Union are clear enough that , over the past month , Joschka Fischer , Germany ’ s former foreign minister
, has called for such a union . Remember that Adam Smith called his great work An Inquiry into the Nature and Causes of the Wealth of Nations . We were doomed , because too many people would consume too
much . Consider the simple fact that the American economy is now more than $ 600 billion in debt . Would you like your customized car seat in leather or cloth , sir ? Japanese households hold savings of about
¥ 1.1 trillion in net monetary assets . In the US in the 1980 s ’ , Democrats excoriated President Ronald Reagan on deficits ; Republicans now excoriate President Obama on his much larger deficits and debt
. Moreover , several senior members of President Asif Ali Zardari s government ’ have concluded that the developments in Tunisia and Egypt could not be replicated in Pakistan . Information is king . This
has dispelled hopes that Asia economic activity could develop separately from that of the US , thereby offsetting European exporters losses ’ in America . The prospect of a threat to the stability of the
greater Middle East and to the flow of oil should give China an incentive to support robust sanctions against Iran . But it is not clear whether China s leaders ’ will recognize this and act in their country
’ s own long-term self interest . Each time in the last hundred years that a shift of this magnitude has occurred in beliefs about state-market relations , a major political-economic upheaval has ensued
. Efforts to portray local cultures as unchanging often reflect reactionary political strategies rather than descriptions of reality . As the Peruvian writer Mario Vargas Llosa has put it , those who argue
in favor of cultural identity and against globalization , betray a stagnant attitude towards culture that is not borne out by historical fact . For example , House Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman Tom
Lantos has introduced legislation that would extend the extra-territorial reach of US law to foreign governments ’ export credit agencies , financial institutions , insurers , underwriters , and guarantors
. It would bar foreign subsidiaries of US companies from investing more than $ 20 million in Iran s energy sector ’ , and would eliminate the president s authority ’ to waive these penalties . About a quarter
of all greenhouse gas emissions are from land-use change , mainly deforestation , an amount comparable to US emissions from burning fossil fuels ( the US is the single largest contributor to greenhouse
gas emissions . ) Women , of course , are not alone in their opposition to Berlusconi , but they made the difference in Milan . They are the incarnation of modernity , animated by a yearning for simple
dignity and respect . Now , ordinary Lusakans want to cook similar meals in their own homes , driving demand for farmers who produce such delicacies as dried pumpkin , “ black jack leaves ” , and fresh
Okra . As more companies do so , laggards will be at a growing competitive disadvantage . To avoid this fate , China needs to save less , reduce fixed investment , cut net exports as a share of GDP , and
boost the share of consumption . Among the suspended projects was the first dam across the Nu / Salween . But , because publicly traded companies usually have a large amount of capital in place , lax rules
would enable insiders to use this capital to their advantage . Hope has not , after all , become a redundant virtue in the twenty-first century . But , looking around us today , there do not seem to be
many reasons for optimism elsewhere . The findings are clear . In order to enhance their livelihoods stability ’ and profitability further , pastoralists need to be integrated into the formal economy . Turkey
’ s constructive engagement with the EU creates a sense of trust in the West – among Western leaders at least , if not yet the general population -- for its regional initiatives . Yet Turkey is also succeeding
in keeping an equal distance between both the EU and the US . But as French President Nicolas Sarkozy and German Chancellor Angela Merkel meet Russian President Dmitri Medvedev in Deauville , it would be
wise to recognize that the Kremlin appears to be changing the terms of this nascent relationship . And , given the determination of both the Israeli and Iranian governments to use each other s intransigence
’ as an excuse for their own , Europe must also be prepared to use its economic muscle on Iran if and when the mullahs reject Obama s ’ extended hand . Mladic and Karadzic had already been indicted as war
criminals by the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia . ( Milosevic was not to be indicted until 1999 . ) Sometimes leaders think that vision can solve most of their problems , but
the wrong vision – or an overly ambitious vision – can do damage . George H.W. Bush was faulted ( and faulted himself ) for not having what he called “ the vision thing . ” Latin America and the New Financial
Architecture One way to enforce the rules may be to say that parties that do not comply with the legislation in a district should not be able to run candidates there . Note that the terrorist leaders are
not the poor and uneducated , and that the usual suspects among countries that sponsor terrorism are not the poorest Arab states . If EDI would supply additional troops to allow the US Army to withdraw
its 4,600 soldiers , that would suit America very well because there are many other demands on US forces around the world , Hungary and Poland reached agreement on the rules for peaceful transformation
through a series of negotiations between the ruling communist parties and the opposition organizations . This bears a similarity to climate conferences where countries – developed , emerging , or poor
– sit down at the same table and try to reach agreement on a common goal : a fair model for reducing CO2 emissions . That is the point of my new book Solutions for the World s Problems ’ , in which 23 eminent
researchers address 23 global challenges . For example , JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon recently testified to the US Senate Banking Committee about the apparent breakdown of risk management that caused
an estimated $ 7 billion trading loss at his firm . OpenSecrets.org estimates that JPMorgan Chase , America ’ s largest bank holding company , spent close to $ 8 million in political contributions in 2011
, and that Dimon and his company donated to most senators on the committee . But nor , on the other hand , is it clear that the existing organs of the Palestinian Authority – especially the security services
at its disposal – will allow a peaceful transfer of power . Public consumption is just as progressive as transfer payments . 1989 was supposed to be a fresh start , the awakening from a nightmare . We know
that around one-third of cancers can be prevented . As it stands , Assad s regime ’ possesses an overwhelming military advantage , with an air force , tanks , missiles , and chemical and biological weapons
. A lot of technical advice falls on deaf ears , with countries listening only long enough to get their hands on Bank money . Ironically instead of weakening Lebanon , one clear winner of this war is the
unity and independent will of Lebanon . - Unemployment is at its lowest level in 30 years ; Russia s unhappy status ’ as a democratizing , but still potentially threatening , former superpower , played a
role , as did its huge energy reserves , which is why China , incomparably more powerful economically but politically beyond the pale , was never invited to join . Indeed , though supposedly grouping the
world s largest economies ’ , the G8 now includes a country with an economy the size of Holland s ’ , even if it is still excluded from deliberations of the other members finance ministers ’ . The massive
reserves notwithstanding , coal is still a finite resource . While the realization that America is not the land of opportunity that it has long claimed to be is as disconcerting to others as it is to Americans
, inequality of opportunity at the global scale is even greater . More generally , they must examine employee ownership programs both sympathetically and analytically , in order to suggest ways to hedge
the risks they create . Savings are , of course , no bad thing . Today , we have entered a new phase . But , as capital becomes more mobile , relatively immobile workers are bearing more of the burden in
the form of lower wages and fewer job opportunities . Such preventive measures are all the more important in view of the Great Inflation s second relevant lesson ’ : fiscal discipline is essential to price
stability . Sustaining a high budget deficit over many years will lead to an unmanageable debt buildup , unless that debt is inflated away or restructured . The return of the state , even when it is the
power of the European Commission to sanction Microsoft , is on everyone s lips ’ . You simply got everything you wanted ( and probably much more ) with the purchase of a computer . Each metal had its different
coinage . -30.923 As in these cases , the collateral damage to Greece of a euro exit will be significant , but it can be contained . Young people account for half of all new HIV infections . At a minimum ,
a market-based approach would require putting a price on carbon and stopping subsidies to some of the old sources of power , both of which are currently out of reach politically . Blair ’ s EU disaster True
enough , some aristocratic heads rolled , but the nobility eventually returned to France . More than half of the Council of Ministers are now online , as is the statistics-dispensing Planning Commission
, and most government offices are establishing a social-media presence . Yet the US and others are wary of being labeled appeasers . For some time I thought that the Twenty-Second Amendment to the United
States Constitution was probably the best way to ensure that political leaders do not overstay their welcome , and , just as importantly , wear out their effectiveness . While movements in macroeconomic
fundamentals may lead bulls to bid the value of a currency further above parity , they simultaneously become more concerned about a counter-movement back to parity and thus capital losses – – which moderates
their desire to increase their long positions . If the US followed its national interests , it would withdraw from Iraq as soon as possible , because the war can no longer be won . Empires contained many
nations , after all . After all , the history of missile defense is a tale of technology constantly disappointing its advocates in and out of government . Egyptian elections will not be free and fair if
they follow a political purge , as in Iran or Russia . Waiting for spring to come is ex-mujahideen commander Gulbuddin Hekmatyar - a former favorite of the CIA and Pakistan 's ISI during the Soviet occupation
of Afghanistan . He is massing his forces and weapons for a determined strike against American forces . But although Russians dislike the powerful , and cherish underdogs and martyrs , a man in jail no
longer looks strong . Rodrik s thesis ’ is that though there is only one economics , there are many recipes for development success . For the first time , the leaders of the world s most powerful nations
’ took notice of a constituency that they have largely ignored – the wild animals , fish , and plants that make up all the millions of living species on the planet besides humans . Might a reawakening of
voter anger be the ticket to rekindling interest in a carbon tax ? The concern for many is not just Europe ’ s historic German problem “ , ” but also that Germany could end up exporting to the rest of Europe
the same ghosts of radical politics and violent nationalism that its economic success has transcended at home . Within the anti-reform coalition , those who favor redistribution , typically young and on
the political left , thus often join retirees and older workers . Poland 's right poses the most difficult case . But they have to be open to cooperation and coordination with others . The EU has more scope
for short-term measures , and should develop a multi-dimensional solidarity strategy as a signal to both Ukraine and Russia . For example , the EU s foreign ministers ’ should invite their Ukrainian counterpart
to give a briefing on Ukraine-Russia relations at their next meeting . Recent history has given us graphic evidence of what would happen if we do . But any solution in Afghanistan depends on eliminating
its opium . On closer scrutiny , what passed as state-of-the-art thinking on economic policy turns out to have been based on some crude rules of thumb . The reasoning is practical , not ideological : private
providers are often available in places lacking public facilities . And that includes new social contracts . At one extreme are domestic policies that create no ( or very few ) spillovers across national
borders . The extent to which the US will capitalize on these opportunities remains to be seen . It is scattered , sporadic and uncoordinated , leaving many areas uncovered . India , with its 150-million
strong Muslim population , has long been a strong supporter of the Palestinian cause and remains staunchly committed to an independent Palestinian state . MILAN – If one looks at the trade patterns of the
global economy ’ s two biggest players , two facts leap out . Moreover , there is a great diversity of narratives on the green economy – and their proliferation is likely to grow . Indeed , a case even can
be made that with the new leadership at the Federal Reserve expected to embrace European-style inflation targeting “ , ” we may be entering a period in which the Fed follows the ECB on critical monetary
matters rather than the other way round . In Africa , for example , road coverage on Google Maps increased from 20 % in 2008 to 75 % last year , while the number of towns and villages for which detailed
maps are available grew by more than 1,000 % . The second reason is historic : the painful and still vivid memories of the Vichy regime of WWII , when citizens ’ “ racial and religious origin ” was stamped
on national identification documents and was used as a key tool in rounding up French Jews for delivery to the death camps . The program pairs refugee and immigrant women in a one-to-one mentoring relationship
with women who are established leaders at all levels of Danish society . The UN must make clear that it will halt the tribunal if it falls short of international standards . But today , Khrushchev is remembered
mostly for his contribution to the demise of Stalinism and – , via Mikhail Gorbachev , whose hero he was , ultimately for helping to bring about communism s demise ’ . - Conserve irrigation water . But ,
for a combination of political and personal reasons , America lost time under the two presidencies of Bill Clinton . Our sound fiscal management has been widely recognized , with all of the major credit
ratings agencies upgrading the Philippines within our government s first year ’ . The limits on redistribution through the market are much tighter : trying to appropriate the rents may lead firms to move
to emerging countries , or else to go bankrupt . Instead , they all should look forward to creating anew the more positive legacies of Sadat , Begin , Rabin , and even Ariel Sharon . If those leaders could
disavow their own violent pasts and take practical steps toward peace in the region , why can ’ t Hamas ? Yet , despite this , it is hard to escape the conclusion that the EU s role ’ in Pakistan bears
all the hallmarks of the pre-Maastricht polity that it no longer wants to be : technocratic , apolitical , and marginalized by the United States . What is at stake is the future of a region critical to
Eurasia s peace ’ . Far from being an occasion for popular condemnation of the coup on its anniversary , the referendum is a mark of the AKP s failure ’ to gain widespread support for its project . This
should not be surprising , since many factors besides international debt flows can cause domestic banks to throw caution to the wind and start lending recklessly . We draw from stocks of non-renewable natural
resources ( for example , oil and metal ores ) , and we deteriorate or modify the quality of other resources ( for example , water and arable land ) by imposing on them a rhythm of exploitation superior
to their capacity for regeneration . In fact , the exploitation of non-renewable resources frees the speed of economic growth from that of ecological renewal , aggravating the deterioration of the biosphere
, including irreversible climate changes . Various veterans ' organizations staged mass rallies against the ``treacherous'' government of Mesic and Racan. As he revived centralized Kremlin control over Russian
politics and public affairs , Vladimir Putin has been concerned primarily with minimizing challenges to state power , which he concentrated in his own hands . To this end , he stripped the political system
of competition , emasculated state institutions , marginalized the opposition , and basically eliminated public participation . The Revolt of the Mullahs Donald Payne , a leading member of the US House Foreign
Affairs Committee , and Ana Gomes , a member of the European Parliament from Portugal and head of the EU s observation team ’ in the 2005 elections , have sought to tie non-humanitarian aid more closely
to Ethiopia s ’ conduct on press freedom and other human rights . Britain and some other European governments responded to the post-election crackdown by temporarily withholding aid . As spontaneous protest
overtakes organized political movements across the Arab world , the leaders of Tunisia , Egypt , and Libya s nascent democracies ’ should heed Le Bon ’ s warning . A debt crisis is not inevitable . The Netherlands
, where I was born , has perhaps been divided by the debate over multiculturalism more than any other country . The current European Commission has made clear its commitment to reducing bureaucratic red
tape by adopting an approach to regulation that keeps the number of laws we propose to an absolute minimum . Yet this is exactly the stance of the European Central Bank , which is treating the euro zone
as if its financial sector was somehow decoupled from the rest of the economy – and running a different monetary policy for each sector at the same time . NEW YORK – At this year ’ s International Monetary
Fund / World Bank spring meetings in Washington , DC , the IMF urged European countries to ease their austerity policies and focus on investment , marking a shift from past rhetoric . But , in the corridors
of those two multilateral institutions , there was talk of double standards . Concerns that some of Hazare s proposals ’ risked creating a large , omnipotent , and unaccountable supra-institution that could
not be challenged , reformed , or abolished were overlooked in the desire to appease him . Although Havel refuses to describe himself in terms of left and right , he is more a communitarian than a classical
liberal , and certainly more leftist than rightist . Yet the cost would be anything but negligible . At times , America will have to go it alone . And this melting , it appears , has already begun . According
to the 12th Five-Year Plan , the minimum wage should grow by 13 % per year . Argentina requires a comprehensive program to demonstrate that , in addition to the ability to generate wealth that it has shown
over the past eight years , it can sustain economic growth and not revert to the volatility of the past . The Kyrgyz Republic became the first country to report under EITI , for a large gold- mining project
. The key point is that France and Germany , and many other European countries – including the Scandinavian countries , with their considerable wind and hydropower potential – are all recognizing that the
world as a whole will have to move away from a fossil-fuel-based energy system . That is the right calculation . However tough things looked in the past , I have never felt such a sense of despair about
Palestine and Israel . The official registration of ten parties , including opposition groups , surpassed any previous election , and the OSCE admitted that voters had " a real choice . " Had systematic
manipulation occurred , one-third of the races would not have gone to runoffs . The structural shift towards exports will be difficult and time-consuming mainly because producing the high-tech goods that
the US should be exporting requires a skilled workforce , which has largely been lost and cannot be re-created overnight . So the lobby of Mumbai s Taj hotel ’ , just across the road from the gateway built
to welcome Britain ’ s King George V and Queen Mary on their visit to India in 1911 , is once again thronged with visitors , many of whom have arrived to see if India is living up to its image as the next
great power . The grand old Taj deserves all the business it is getting , after being the target of a terrorist attack in 2008 . The language was disengaged and technical all – about throw-weights , survivability
, counterforce , and countervalue targets . But it was a dazzling account of the logic of nuclear deterrence and the mechanics of mutually assured destruction , which both the US and Soviet Union applied
throughout the Cold War . Is today ’ s globalizing era also coming to an end ? That is all the more important because a new baby boom is taking place – not in the United States or Europe , but in Sub-Saharan
Africa and Southeast Asia . In India , however , the shift to accelerated growth after reforms that included trade liberalization has pulled nearly 200 million people out of poverty . Like Ukraine s Viktor
Yushchenko ’ , who lost the initial vote in Ukraine , Lopez Obrador demanded that the result be overturned . In terms of big challenges , the conventional wisdom is that few things are left to discover
. Morell , who is preparing to step down from the CIA soon , has little reason to dissemble . The rise in food prices is leading to a land grab , as powerful politicians sell foreign investors massive tracts
of farmland , brushing aside the traditional land rights of poor smallholders . Foreign investors hope to use large mechanized farms to produce output for export , leaving little or nothing for the local
populations . It is easier to use than wind or solar power because it can produce electricity around the clock , without reliance on weather conditions . For unless these changes are made , how can businessmen
know how to ascertain the lawfulness of the actions of Chinese officials , such as imposing fees or penalties , refusing to award contracts , or imposing conditions on contract approvals ? But you cannot
argue that he aggressively pushed the interest rate below its natural level . In these circumstances , gradual confidence building will not work . These risks are real . Andrew Mellon , the United States
Treasury Secretary at the time , talked about liquidating workers , farmers , stocks , and real estate in order “ to purge the rottenness out of the system . ” There is general recognition and consensus
that the path of reform requires profound re-engineering of all four pillars . Who \ u0027s to Blame for Britain \ u0027s Euro Allergy ? United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon has rightly declared
sustainable development to be at the top of the global agenda . But if that is what the term awash “ with liquidity means ” , then its widespread use today is simply a reflection of the high asset prices
that we already have . The children s parents or guardians ’ completed written questionnaires about current symptoms of asthma , rhinitis ( hayfever ) , and eczema , and about several risk factors , including
use of paracetamol for fever in the child ’ s first year of life and frequency of paracetamol use in the past 12 months . Indeed , companies like Tata and Infosys are hiring people whom they do not consider
to be up to par – and spending 6-9 months , sometimes longer , to educate them properly for their jobs . Wars in the Middle East , it should be recalled , have started even when the parties did not really
want them . While the World Bank points to the rise in prices as evidence of the gains that accrued to farmers , its opponents point to the processing plants in urban areas which have been shutdown and
the thousands of workers who remain unemployed . Sanitation and Water In other words , investors are expecting to receive only about half of what they are owed . The hope is that the reduction in borrowing
costs on new loans , plus the austerity programs promised by governments , will enable bond prices to recover to par without the need for the creditor banks to take a hit . We need well-designed systems
of finance , student assessment , professional development and management , quality assurance , and monitoring and evaluation . We need more robust and transparent relationships between central and local
governments , state and private education providers , and households and communities . As citizens start relying on redistribution , productive work is discouraged , and real wealth creation suffers . The
second track is official recognition of the carbon storage of African lands and forests , as well as rewards for “ avoided deforestation . ” Cambridge – In the wake of last year s global financial meltdown
’ , there is now widespread recognition that inadequate investor protection can significantly affect how stock markets and economies develop , as well as how individual firms perform . The increased focus
on improving corporate governance has produced a demand for reliable standards for evaluating governance in publicly traded companies worldwide . And all Europeans not – only those on the left – were truly
shocked and appalled by Katrina s vivid demonstration ’ that there apparently is no bottom for America ’ s poor . Video games are properly subject to legal controls , not when they enable people to do things
that , if real , would be crimes , but when there is evidence on the basis of which we can reasonably conclude that they are likely to increase serious crime in the real world . At present , the evidence
for that is stronger for games involving violence than it is for virtual realities that permit pedophilia . We all breathe the same air . We all cherish our children ’ s future . In exchange for specified
structural reforms in Italy and Spain , the Fund would acquire and hold a significant portion of their outstanding stock of debt . But the opposite of the excessive-consumption model – excessive reliance
on investment to generate aggregate demand – is also a self-limiting growth pattern . A bigger challenge came with the protracted stock market slowdown , the terrorist attacks on the United States in 2001
, and the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq . These events hindered the global economy by thwarting confidence and momentum . This view , propagated since World War II by a quasi-Marxist intelligentsia , is
so ingrained that the French do not even bother to understand how markets operate . Ireland and the Austerity Debate A remarkable observation supports this analogy : viruses behave like individual pieces
of programs , using the cell as the machine needed to make them multiply and subsequently propagate ( often by destroying the machine ) . But proponents have focused too much on government subsidies and
too little on the contribution of international trade , which in recent years has had a highly positive effect on the development of solar power , as the bonanza of Chinese panels held down costs . The
average real long-term government interest rate in 1891-1979 – a period ending just before Volcker oversaw soaring growth in borrowing costs – was a mere 1.25 % , which is very close to the real long-term
interest rate today . Bush likes to insist that terrorists hate Americans for what they are - a freedom loving people - not what they do . But war and occupation create innocent victims . Ideally , additional
issuance of SDRs would be accompanied by further measures to increase their effectiveness . Security assurances and defensive systems could be provided to states that might otherwise feel compelled to develop
their own nuclear programs to counter those of their neighbors . And robust sanctions could be introduced to influence the behavior of would-be nuclear weapon states . The Storm Before the Calm They will
help Russia s transition ’ as a young democracy . ” There is a great personal satisfaction in Ban s own story ’ , one that gives hope for all . It requires more schools and fewer guns ; more universities
and fewer aircraft carriers . This indicates that the renminbi s appreciation ’ was driven mainly by short-term arbitrage by outside funds . Even the armed bandits who waylay relief supplies making – necessary
a guard of soldiers with automatic weapons , standing every few hundred yards cannot destroy – this moment . Yet one can easily see the problems : who judges the eligibility of candidates and how are such
judgements enforced ? The World Cup is drama , excitement , a dream , but it is also a form of “ global escapism . ” That decision – and the speed with which it was reached – reflects the insight that the
euro area s institutional framework ’ will remain incomplete until there are clear rules for handling financial crises . Indeed , Obama himself was reportedly reluctant to accept Petraeus s resignation
’ . From my perspective , however , Petraeus did the right thing : resigning was the only course open to him if he is to have any chance of repairing his reputation . Many developing economies weathered
the crisis at the cost of massive direct state intervention , while their financial sectors lack breadth and access . This is where understanding opportunities at a city level is vital . PALO ALTO Wealthy
Europe – and America , crown jewels of mixed capitalist democracies , are drowning in deficits and debt , owing to bloated welfare states that are now in place ( Europe ) or in the making ( the United
States ) . Europe 's approach was two-pronged . First , it aimed to keep Asia divided insofar as the West was concerned . Thus , the explosion of CDOs in the United States during the housing boom was predicated
upon the shaky assumption that house prices never fall nationwide . He alone seemed to incarnate the combination of reassuring strength and vision to carry the majority of Israelis behind him in a process
of unilateral disengagement . Under regional and international pressure , the Saudi ruling family has constructed a Potemkin village of reform while retaining absolute control over all political developments
. Earlier this year , they staged partial , and tightly regulated municipal elections , with no independent opinion permitted to influence when and how the ballots were held . If there are no suitable female
candidates , it was argued , then the best candidate should prevail , regardless of gender . The claims against Luzhkov were even more monstrous . While the rich got richer , the poor did not get poorer
, but the gap between rich and poor expanded significantly . Individual farmers do not need any bureaucratic directive to decide whether to plant more potatoes : an increase in prices creates an incentive
to plant more potatoes ; a decrease in prices is a signal that they should plant less . True , China has made the kind of economic advances in three decades that required 100 years in Western countries
. But China also has suffered a century s worth ’ of environmental damage in 30 years . Sometimes they simply lose patience with the difficulty of agreeing on changes in negotiations that involve 28 countries
, which seems especially true of financial reform , given that many of these countries are not home to systemically important banks and probably never will be . His wings scorched from Iraq to Guantánamo
, Bush already seems to be yesterday s story ’ ; his minders carefully steer audiences into the front rows at public events , lest the absence of interest in what he is doing and saying becomes too obvious
. The other pathology is " corruption , " where political leaders fail to respect property rights and the rule of law . The ceasefire understanding between Palestinian factions and Israel will need to be
honored through the commitment of both sides and a parallel political process . The international community , especially the US , is giving verbal support to launching serious Palestinian-Israeli talks
, and the Mecca Agreement paves the way for Abbas to negotiate an end to the occupation . For Turkey s friends ’ abroad , it is time for some tough love . After the sound and fury of its recent elections
, Africa ’ s most populous country appears set to face violence and chaos born of deprivation and neglect . It is deeply troubling that the US has allocated $ 185 billion to augment its nuclear stockpile
over the next decade , on top of the ordinary annual nuclear-weapons budget of more than $ 50 billion . While ensuring that their Alawite allies filled key positions in the military and intelligence services
helped the Assads to retain their grip on the country , it was a strategy that widened and reinforced the Sunni-Shia rift among the population . For an inveterate follower of Karl Popper , this is disconcerting
. This also applies to such artifacts of modern humans as personal ornaments , with recently discovered shell beads dated at 75,000 years ago . Finally , turning to Europe , Obama ’ s flippant attitude concerning
alleged US surveillance of the European Union and its member states shows that American exceptionalism is alive and well . Thus , until crisis erupts , and the government defaults on its bonds , the ( excess
) financial costs of government bonds held by pension funds could represent a large portion of the total fiscal deficit and actually help provoke the crisis . Some climate change activists actually acknowledge
this : Australian author Tim Flannery recently told an interviewer that climate change is “ the only issue we should worry about for the next decade . ” Rather , the external deficit has been squeezed by
a collapse in investment activity , while America ’ s overall savings rate has fallen below 13 % of GDP , owing to worsening government finances . There are several reasons for this regulatory failure ,
including the inability to acquire and process all relevant data , the political difficulty of enforcing strict judgments , and the difficulty of modeling tail risks . So though I welcome the advent of
venture capital for internet investments outside America , I worry . While improved relations and diminished prospects for conflict are welcome , relations between India and China are more complex than
they appear at first . This is why the idea of establishing a BRICS development bank has taken on such importance . And the recently conducted feasibility study might spur long-awaited progress . The different
preferences and policy choices among existing members in some areas , especially foreign policy , are very deep and in all likelihood will remain so . That seduction has encouraged America to squander its
savings and live beyond its means for nearly two decades . Nor is Calderón finding it easy to negotiate with the PRI , failing to build a coalition government , which he has repeatedly proclaimed as the
solution to the gridlock that has cursed Mexico since 1997 . It adamantly opposed several important and promising new human rights initiatives , notably the International Criminal Court ( ICC ) , and a
new anti-torture mechanism . Indeed , this year , two countries , Greece and Ireland , were bailed out by the rest of the EU , even though Article 125 of the consolidated EU treaty stipulates that no member
state is to stand in for the debt of another , a guarantee that Germany required as a pre-condition for giving up its beloved Deutschmark . If you don ’ t believe me , just visit the West Bank and see ,
for example , how the proposed suburban Israeli development of East Jerusalem stabs through the heart of Palestinian territory towards the Dead Sea . Many Latin Americans have lost faith in democracy because
it has not benefited them economically . From the point of view of security policy , intercultural communication is intended to immunize those sections of the Muslim community that are deemed to be potentially
receptive to extremist propaganda , with the clear aim being to prevent their radicalization and recruitment to jihad . Budgets are close to balance , with less public expenditure and lower tax rates ,
while economic growth has recovered . The key now is to get our priorities right . Advanced countries , with their adverse demographic trends , need migrants , as do developing countries – not only for migrants
economic contributions ’ , but also for the social and cultural diversity that they bring . Yet when he decided to diversify and focus on India , many criticized him as being reckless , because India was
so unfamiliar to Japanese companies . Indeed , while there are currently more than 19,000 Japanese companies in the Chinese market , there are only about 260 in India . There can be no free market for basic
science in the literal sense of the term . But the benefits of markets can and should be pursued by other means . This autumn , he promoted his hitherto little-seen son , Kim Jong-un , to the rank of general
, and introduced him at a Communist Party conference . AIDS was killing more than two million people each year , and spreading rapidly . Absent a dramatic improvement in the Middle East s grim political
landscape ’ , the failure of deterrence would bring the sum of all the fears of our nuclear age upon us . Elements of the investment portfolio in the public sector and the SOEs are beginning to fail this
test . Indeed , full-fledged society -building “ ” started only after the 1868 Meiji Restoration , which tipped the balance of power definitively in favor of the state . Flipping the switch is _ _ _ _ _
_ . In other words , Greece has exhausted its ability to share part of the burden with the private sector . Next time , Europe s taxpayers ’ will be on the hook . Moreover , Russia has helped other new nations
in Eastern Europe create their own identities . The United Nations member states ’ adopted the Millennium Development Goals in September 2000 . Three of the eight MDGs reductions – in children ’ s deaths
, maternal deaths , and epidemic diseases – focus directly on health . One cannot simply ignore the pleas of those who are suffering . Thus , perestroika took place in a void . Because Chinese internet users
are now more likely to find out about a breaking story in real time and question why the official press hasn 't covered it , China 's conventional media now feel pressure from the public to cover events
that they might otherwise dodge . Other European countries are in a similar situation , which is exacerbated by the fact that Europeans are having fewer children . If Thaksin is sincere , he could serve
Thailand by bringing back a few of his host city ’ s more admirable virtues . To be sure , there are important differences between the oil exporters and the Asian economies . A victory for the March 8 alliance
also would have strengthened Israel s argument ’ that Hezbollah dominates Lebanon , leaving the country more exposed to attack . The proposals contained in China 2030 could provide a framework for Chinese
policymakers as they seek to achieve their goal of sustainable and harmonious growth . With the global economy entering a dangerous phase , China s government ’ will need to respond to new risks , shocks
, and vulnerabilities as they arise . So long as developing countries remain integrated into the global economy – and do not take measures to restrain the impact of international prices on domestic prices
– domestic prices of rice and other grains are bound to rise markedly when international prices do . For many developing countries , high oil and food prices represent a triple threat : not only do importing
countries have to pay more for grain , they have to pay more to bring it to their countries and still more to deliver it to consumers who may live a long distance from ports . While Britain has legalized
therapeutic cloning , they are poised to ban reproductive cloning . In the early 1990 s ’ , the Fed , and many others , thought that the NAIRU was around 6 % -6.2 % . Based on changes in the economy , I
and the staff that worked with me on President Bill Clinton s Council ’ of Economic Advisers argued that the NAIRU was considerably lower . But that description hardly seems appropriate nowadays . Since
turning out to rally in record numbers on the anniversary of the handover to China in 2003 , hundreds of thousands of Hong Kong citizens have taken peacefully to the streets on various occasions to protest
government decisions and demand political reform . The battle lines in this struggle suggest that there is little accord among political elites for any spending , let alone for a long war with far-flung
commitments . We found in our research that countries with competitive currencies were much more likely to experience growth-enhancing structural change . The type of institution that we have in mind should
be a stand-alone organization operating as a registered investment bank and subject to capitalization , regulatory , statutory , and other requirements . That expected inflation rate is consistent with
the difference in interest rates between ordinary US government bonds and Treasury Inflation Protected Securities . “ That ’ s the Earth now , ” Alex says , pointing to a dark shape at the bottom . The WHO
s performance ’ has been widely criticized : the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe , for example , said on January 12 that it plans to debate “ false pandemics , a threat to health ” later
this month . Strikingly , seven of them are clear " overachievers , " because they also have low per capita GDP levels . Instead , it has agreed to establish bailout mechanisms such as the European Financial
Stability Facility and the European Financial Stabilization Mechanism , which can lend up to € 500 billion ( $ 680 billion ) combined , with the International Monetary Fund providing an additional 250
billion € . There are some exceptions to this pattern . To the extent that this sense of decline is grounded in reality , can Japan recover ? “ My fellow Americans , the Founders had the wisdom to guarantee
our freedoms in many ways . They could not guarantee our souls . We must appreciate and encourage those who are making bold decisions . However , this year ’ s planned drilling of three wells in the Chukchi
Sea and two in the Beaufort Sea was first reduced to one well and then postponed until next year after a containment dome – an emergency device for stopping a blowout – was damaged . Rapid urbanization
has increased the number of people living in settlements surrounding the country s major cities ’ , where deprivation is especially stark and government malfeasance is more widely felt . These problems
raise thorny questions : What prevents more young people from attending secondary school ? Is it because they are sometimes close to being illiterate even after primary school , or because it is unaffordable
? These forces will all get into parliament , but the wider their representation , the sooner common sense and justice will prevail here . They waited too long to take action . Parallel with these changes
, European leaders must publicly acknowledge that if the euro collapses , Europe will quickly revert to competitive devaluations , intra-EU protection , and “ beggar-thy-neighbor policies ” , all of which
were evident in the 1970 s ’ and 1980 s ’ . Indeed , there have been disclosed to me reports of at least three alleged sex assaults by faculty or academic staff in the past decade two alleged incidents
– reported by two different women involving the same man . With nationalization , the government can break up these financial monstrosities and sell them to private investors as smaller good banks . Each
had to cohabit “ ” for a time with a hostile parliament . Naturally , regulatory diversity would require cross-border financial controls to ensure that banks do not evade national regulations by operating
from foreign jurisdictions . Italy s growth ’ has been slower than Europe s ’ , with weakening exports , for the past decade , because the country was ill prepared to adjust to the global revolution in
information technology and the changing pattern of world trade . Its infrastructure , both material and intellectual , was poorer , and its economic structure was unfit for the new challenges , owing both
to firm size and their specialization in traditional sectors , as well as low levels of education and R &amp; D. SANTIAGO – The Inter-American Development Bank declared last July that this would be “ Latin
America ’ s Decade . ” How to prevent unnecessary military measures and countermeasures is the most immediate concern for the region s governments ’ . Reaffirming the CD s agenda ’ offers the prospect of
renewed negotiations on disarmament issues . Prior agreement on the scope or outcome should not be a precondition for talks – or an excuse to avoid them – but rather a subject of the negotiations themselves
. Mexican homeowners who install energy-saving systems such as solar water heaters are becoming eligible for lower-rate green mortgages “ . ” Under the pressure of a stock market downturn , the US is abandoning
policies of global free trade in favor of more traditional policies of protectionism . A UN staff protected by US marines simply cannot do that job . A key measure of the viability of any arms-control treaty
is how effectively it can be verified . Ireland ’ s government dropped its territorial claim to Northern Ireland . The principle of consent is accepted , meaning Northern Ireland ' s constitutional status
as a part of the United Kingdom stands unless a majority of its citizens vote to unite with Ireland . Poor regions want to use federal resources to ensure that their residents have a minimum standard of
living ; richer regions want to invest money in industrial development , hoping such development will spark a revival that lifts the entire economy . Their skepticism is hardly groundless : internal documents
obtained in recent lawsuits reveal that drug companies often fail to submit critical safety information to regulatory agencies , as required by law , and fail to communicate such information to physicians
and patients . LONDON – Everyone knows that Greece will default on its external debt . That includes greater freedom of movement , both within the West Bank and between it and Gaza . “ Good , strong people
get cancer , ” he has written , “ and they do all the right things to beat it , and they still die . ” Well-educated Chinese should understand that destroying Japanese cars ( which are made in China ) and
similar behavior are not rational ways to express an opinion about a territorial dispute with Japan . And China s government ’ should work with the Hong Kong authorities to prevent another attempt by Chinese
activists to land on Senkaku / Diaoyu again in October . That is the question the European Union needs to ask itself as it debates whether to resume providing financial aid to the Palestinian Authority
. The EU should make it clear to Hamas that the Union is not going to finance terror and is not going to finance a refusal to make peace . While countries can be compensated for planting forests , they
cannot be compensated for avoiding deforestation . This uncertainty does not weaken liberal capitalism – on the contrary , it is the system ’ s primary source of strength . But the closed-minded have a powerful
gut appeal , and religion plays into it . I ’ m not wise enough to say which side is right , but I certainly know which side I hope is wrong . The framework for a solution to the Palestinian refugee issue
“ will need to be found through the establishment of a Palestinian state , and the settling of Palestinian refugees there , rather than in Israel . ” Yet control of these three diseases inevitably involves
improvement of basic health services community health workers – , local clinics , referral hospitals , emergency transport , drug logistics – that play a fundamental role in achieving MDG 4 ( reduction
of child mortality ) and MDG 5 ( reduction of maternal mortality ) . If the goal is to create jobs , public investment in other areas – such as the health care – generates stronger , faster employment growth
. Revolutionary communism may well have cleared the path for the boom in other ways as well , suggesting that the shift from socialist utopianism to capitalist pragmatism was less a U-turn than a sequential
process of “ creative destruction . ” After all , Mao s Cultural Revolution ’ against “ feudal society ” did raze much of the cultural landscape , denuding it not only of traditional values and institutions
, but also of failed socialist efforts , leaving China ready for the seeds of capitalist development . Other countries enjoyed housing and consumption booms on the back of cheap credit , making them less
competitive . But , where Evita s voice ’ was full of the pathos “ ” of poverty and injustice , of passion and tenderness , Cristina evokes more anger and defiance . Unfortunately , in 2009 , the global
economy will not be a bed of roses . Income in the US and euro-area both appear to have declined at an annualized rate of roughly 6 % in the fourth quarter of 2008 ; Japan ’ s GDP fell at perhaps twice
that rate . There should be clear rules governing disbursement , who is in charge , and how much money is available . There is much that can be done . For starters , food loss and wastage needs to be seen
as a cross-cutting policy issue , rather than a lifestyle choice to be left in the hands of individual consumers and their consciences . As a result , Syrian opposition groups believe that they have been
left to confront Assad s brutal regime ’ alone . But , given a global economic environment that promises scant sustainable growth in the coming years , things could otherwise get very tough very soon . Fundamental
reform of the Common Agricultural Policy should not remain a taboo . Indeed , the CAP is ensuring neither sustainable agriculture nor decent incomes for all farmers . Muslims cannot blame the United States
for their lack of democracy . Still , America does play a large role on the world stage ; and in many parts of the Muslim world , particularly in the Arab world , successive US administrations--Republican
and Democratic alike--have not made democratization a priority . For the past 25 years , the mantra of “ inflation targeting ” ( introduced in my 1985 paper ) has served as a mechanism for containing inflation
expectations by reassuring the public of the central bank ’ s intentions . Most Americans have not yet embraced the idea that the US-China relationship is too big to fail . Last but not least , the international
monetary system requires governance reform , which includes giving a stronger voice to emerging and developing countries . But institutionalized solidarity has become increasingly important in European
consolidation and intra-European redistribution played a key role in the modernization of Ireland , Spain , Portugal , and Greece . Social-democratic governments have been on the defensive against those
who claim that redistributing wealth exacts too high a cost on economic growth , and unable to convince voters to fund yet another massive expansion of higher education . During the Round Table negotiations
that brought about the end of communist rule , a compromise was reached between the reform wing of the communist government and Solidarity . This cleared a path to the peaceful dismantling of communist
dictatorship throughout the entire Soviet bloc . Nevertheless , all four states agree that Syrian influence in Lebanon must be curbed , and all , in theory , approve of Hezbollah s ’ disarmament required
– by UN Security Council resolution 1559 – even if they differ over how to bring it about . Yanukovich has leaned towards Russia in the short term , but has already reached the point that he needs other
powers to balance Russia . MADRID / WASHINGTON , DC – As revolutionary change sweeps across the Arab world , it is easy to think that now is not the time to push for peace between Israel and Palestine .
Until the dust settles on the new Middle East , the old roadmaps seem dated , and conventional wisdom holds that progress toward a peace agreement in the face of regional upheaval is wishful thinking . There
is somewhat greater freedom of expression , with debates and criticism of several aspects of Cuba s socialist model ’ , such as low salaries and the dual monetary system , which has caused income inequality
by favoring those who work in tourism and for foreign companies . Significantly , as the CIA closed in on bin Laden , the chairman of the US Joint Chiefs of Staff , Admiral Mike Mullen , for the first time
publicly linked the Pakistani military with some of the militants attacking US forces in Afghanistan . Indeed , in 2008 India unveiled an ambitious National Action Plan on Climate Change , which includes
eight national missions , including solar and enhanced energy efficiency missions . The euro crisis had its origin in German Chancellor Angela Merkel s decision ’ , taken in the aftermath of Lehman Brothers
default ’ in September 2008 , that the guarantee against further defaults should come not from the European Union , but from each country separately . America s position ’ is further weakened in the absence
of a strong and united European response . Poland may find that it has security and other interests in common with some states of a similar size in the current EU . The three Baltic states will most likely
cooperate much more closely with the Scandinavian countries than with the other new members . It might be fashionable to talk about just a couple of the globe s challenges ’ , but we could achieve a lot
more if we focused first on where our spending would be most rational . Restorative justice is hopeful . Human mobility promotes growth and reduces poverty . Instead , they should provide the automobile industry
with incentives to develop alternative technologies that rely on bio-mass fuel , ethylene , hydrogen , and even natural gas during a transition period . This is a radical departure from Hamas rhetoric ,
which has always portrayed the Camp David agreement between Israel and Egypt as a betrayal of the Islamic world . It remains to be seen whether Abu Marzouk s view ’ is merely a tactic intended to encourage
the Obama administration to reach out to Hamas , or whether the war convinced Hamas that the two-state solution is the only viable option to settle the conflict with Israel . The deficiencies of current
arrangements are why the world monetary system should be based on a truly global reserve currency : a fiduciary currency backed by the world s central banks ’ . The French debate about executive compensation
is particularly striking in this respect , because managers salaries ’ are in fact lower than those paid to their German , British , and American counterparts , and their remuneration has grown in step
with corporate share prices , increasing six-fold in 25 years . One factor that contributed to institutional stasis was the absence of a persuasive alternative . For the first time in a long time , a significant
number of poor countries are catching up to the advanced economies , and the list of development successes is lengthening . The recent turmoil in Iraq has , on the contrary , strengthened those in both
capitals who argue that there is now even less reason to get involved on the ground . At the very least , France and Germany are demanding that the Bush administration openly admit to its failure and the
need for help . Today , humanitarian intervention has become a dirty word for many of the same people who once believed in it . Only American neo-conservatives , understandably grateful for his championing
of the Iraq war and his ability to argue for it coherently and eloquently ( unlike President Bush , who was and is unable to do either ) , are sorry to see Blair go . Undervalued exchange rates are only
one of the policies that countries use to boost exports and restrain imports , so that they run trade surpluses , while their trading partners ( including the US ) run deficits . Americanization , thus
, cannot be viewed as a tacitly engineered hidden cultural takeover but as a process in which individualization is the driving force . But the strong showing by Vladimir Zhirinovsky 's Liberal Democratic
Party , or the LDPR , seems equally surprising . Indeed , multilateral agreements are in place to minimize this risk , including at the International Monetary Fund and the World Trade Organization . The
author opens at the fist page , and follows a series of questions in order for you to see how he reaches his conclusions . On the contrary , the EU remains the Maghreb s top trading partner ’ , accounting
in 2010 for 70 % of the region ’ s exports . First , we need to measure and price what matters . A survey conducted in May 2012 by China s State Council Development Research Center ’ asked 394 Chinese and
foreign companies about their future strategic orientation in China . Ultimately , the culprit was precisely identified as a defective O-ring that became too stiff at low temperatures and caused a leak
. Argentina was not the only South American economy to suffer in 1999 , but the others adjusted their exchange rates to restore international competitiveness . That is a real enough danger to which policymakers
must give serious thought as they reform the CAP on the basis of the following five pillars . Now the IMF has even accepted a minority-lender role , with the bulk of assistance coming from the European
Stability Mechanism ( ESM ) , a new institution often viewed as an embryonic European Monetary Fund . The new European Commission has been named . What should be its primary goals ? Getting executives to
internalize perfectly the expected losses that their choices might impose on contributors of capital other than shareholders is complex . But moving in this direction , even if imperfectly , would mean
real progress . For the majority of Iranians , economic improvement is the priority . First elections , in particular , are almost inevitably of limited value as foundations of democracy , because they take
place in an emotionally charged atmosphere and largely without substantive debate . At eight on Tuesday mornings , we turn on a computer at Columbia University and join in a global classroom “ ” with 20
other campuses around the world . As Bernanke pointed out , 45 % of US farms were behind on mortgage payments in 1933 , and in 1934 , default rates on home mortgages exceeded 38 % in half of US cities . Child
mortality – among the worst in the world in 2001 has – dropped by 25 % . Common standards in a world as inequitable as ours will raise many contentious issues . If football and its culminating moment , the
World Cup , has become the universal religion of the global age , this is above all because it fulfills , in a non-spiritual way , contradictory instincts in human nature . In December 2007 , about 13 militant
groups came together to form the Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan ( TTP ) , and chose Baitullah Mehsud as their leader . From Christian Democracy to Muslim Democracy ? But , beyond that , as the US and Europe seek
to ensure their global roles , cooperation between them is more important than ever . Some 8 % of the members of the National Association of Manufacturers report having trouble filling positions vacated
by retirees . The good news is that if we focus on clear , practical , and achievable goals , major reductions can be made in order to ensure that , whatever the precise interim target , the world will
fashion a radical new approach within a manageable timeframe . A new report from the Breaking “ the Climate Deadlock project ” , a strategic partnership between my office and The Climate Group , shows
how major reductions even by 2020 are achievable if we focus action on certain key technologies , deploy policies that have been proven to work , and invest now in developing those future technologies
that will take time to mature . And from what I know of the man and his history , particularly his work in Hungary after 1989 , I can only wish that my great-grandfather could have met him . This would be
a particular problem for the US , where the Fed allowed the Federal funds rate to approach zero in January 2009 . To avoid the perception of NATO or the US attacking another Muslim country , the backing
of the Arab world is also needed . Again , such policies would have worked a decade ago , in an environment of low inflation and rapid lending growth . After Bear Stearns and Lehman Brothers melted down
, ushering in a worldwide crisis , media reports largely assumed that the wealth of these firms executives ’ was wiped out , together with that of the firms they navigated into disaster . The Mirage of
Youth Unemployment But to point to Asia ’ s growing importance says nothing about its character . Egypt has already endured the harsh rule of secular police states , of both the right and the left . For one
thing , while Europe s doctrine ’ of social solidarity preaches fairness and equality , it masks an insiders society “ ’ ” that is spectacularly unjust at the upper end of the income spectrum . In fact
, the largest real estate China covets is not in the South or East China Seas : India ’ s Arunachal Pradesh is almost three times larger than Taiwan . They thus provide an important instrument for hedging
price risks in commodity markets . By embracing the kind of separatism that such schools represent , the British are now saying , “ This is your identity and you can have nothing else . ” That approach
amounts to communitarianism , not multiculturalism . The most reliable data suggest that he was successful at reducing inequality ; during his rule , Venezuela s Gini coefficient ’ , a 100-point scale measuring
income inequality , fell from 50 to 39 , the biggest decline in Latin America . For now , what will happen depends on Mousavi s perseverance ’ . Rather than limiting itself to basic human rights , the Charter
dilutes them by engaging in detailed regulation of labor standards , social laws , and pronouncements that reflect industrial-age experience rather than address the future . The Cultural Bias of Genetics For
there is a much better case to be made today than there was in 1998 that we should be thinking in terms of “ depression economics . ” Their strategy shifted as well , focusing on the growing importance
of religious values in shaping societies and global relations . Fortunately , Abe will not need to worry about elections for the next three years . · Merging the jobs of Chris Patten , the external relations
commissioner , and Javier Solana , the High Representative for foreign policy , so that the EU speaks with a single voice ; But they cannot co-exist forever . There are reports that European leaders have
told the US that if they get Wolfowitz to step down quickly and quietly , they will be allowed to choose Wolfowitz s successor ’ . It ’ s easy to see why the US and Europe want to stick to business as
usual , but such a deal would amount to a wasted opportunity . Some countries that depend on energy exports , particularly governance-challenged ones such as Russia and Venezuela , are experiencing even
worse downturns . Third , because skills are necessary for nearly all activities in most of Africa , here and now , we need to organize ways to supply such skills to these countries . I have long argued
that , because many in rich countries are retiring while still in sound health , and because altruism increases with age , we could organize a Grey Peace Corps of senior citizens to share their skills
in countries whose own trained professionals prefer to settle abroad . In his History of European Morals , published in 1869 , the Irish historian and philosopher W.E.H. Lecky wrote : This , together with
the fiscal cost of two major earthquakes in early 2001 ( and that of other natural disasters ) , has undermined otherwise good macroeconomic management and limited the resources available for development
and security . YANGON Religious orders – of monks have been the face of Burma ever since Buddhism was introduced here more than 1,000 years ago . After waiting 12 years for change from the top , Russians
finally understand that their political system can be transformed only from the bottom – through popular revolution . Are we sure that most of the growth in finance stems from a rising share of financial
professionals who undertake the former rather than the latter ? So what , exactly , is Abbas hoping to achieve ? At home , awareness is rising that Putin is damaging Russia ’ s interests by insulting and
intimidating everybody . Projected to amount to 5.5 % of GDP in 2010 , this surplus is not far behind China s 6.2 % ’ . Lack of competition is typically due to over-regulation . Taxicabs in European cities
are expensive because the number of licenses is strictly controlled . As a practical matter , even controlling for expectations ( as Phelps work ’ insists that we do ) , the relationship between unemployment
and inflation is highly unstable . It is virtually impossible to discern the relationship from the data except in a few isolated periods . After undergoing surgery to remove his cancerous testicle , Armstrong
became “ a student of cancer . ” He was treated at Indiana University , perhaps America s leading center ’ for testicular cancer . At that time , it was often argued that price spikes for petroleum or other
commodities were somehow “ extraneous ” to the system , and not a reflection of the real basis of monetary policy in the industrial countries . In the decade after 1958 , almost two thirds of overseas dollars
were converted into gold . But this constraint proved futile . Six cases mark the most egregious cheating . Twice , Iraq bucked safeguards – first when it built the Osirak reactor and failed to provide
inspectors full transparency and convincing assurance it would not use the plant to produce plutonium for weapons , and , second , when it nearly completed its secret enrichment program prior to the 1991
Persian Gulf War . · To protect the remaining elected and indirectly elected institutions ( all of which have an Islamist majority ) from dissolution by Constitutional Court judges ( mostly Mubarak-era
holdovers ) ; The large presence of overseas investors is the cause here . Suppose a New Yorker buys shares in the Mumbai stock market . Given the low cost and the huge benefits of supporting such efforts
, there is no excuse for inaction . One of Yeltsin s errors ’ was his failure to put moral priorities at the head of his reform agenda . One goal of European foreign policy has always been to prevent excessive
rapprochement between Russia and the US . Why , then , did the European Commission remain silent ? First of all , it depends on whether countries can prevent financial bubbles from developing . So the ill
will that China-bashing is generating is for nothing . While international attention has been understandably focused on events in Darfur , Somalia and Zimbabwe , countries across the continent including
Ghana , Tanzania , Mozambique and Liberia have been quietly turning their economies around . Easy US monetary policy , followed by monetary easing in countries that formally pegged their exchange rates
to the US dollar ( as in the Gulf ) or that maintain undervalued currencies to achieve export-led growth ( China and other informal members of the so-called Bretton Woods 2 dollar zone ) has fueled a new
asset bubble in commodities and overheating of their economies . Addressing the deep-seated social and economic problems of a city like Juárez , however , is a lot harder than flooding its streets with
8,000 soldiers carrying assault rifles . I was told that this part of the world came under the rubric of “ Oriental Studies , ” and that I would be assigned an appropriate professor . The G-20 recognized
in 2008 that unfettered finance can generate costly crises ; thus , it decided to re-regulate finance . But it left cross-border capital flows entirely off the agenda , as if they were not a part of finance
. The hubris of the Celtic Tiger years is a distant memory , owing to the worst recession in Ireland ’ s history as an independent state . The Coming Revival in French-American Relations Both sides must continually
determine , before disaster strikes , whether existing laws provide scientists and administrators with clear , realistic standards for their analyses and public communications . If they do not , the best
qualified scientists and administrators might be frightened away . Hatoyama is the grandson of Prime Minister Ichiro Hatoyama , who signed the Japanese-Soviet Joint Declaration on October 19 , 1956 , which
formally restored diplomatic relations between two countries and also enabled Japan s entry ’ into the United Nations . We have considerable experience of this in the Middle East . For nearly a century ,
physicists have attempted to merge the competing ideas of the field s titans ’ , including Wolfgang Pauli , the first physicist to predict the existence of neutrinos ( the smallest particles of matter
) , and Albert Einstein , who explained the curvature of space-time . The so-called theory “ of everything ” would reconcile the inconceivably small with the unimaginably large , providing a comprehensive
understanding of the universe s physical properties ’ . The Emerging World s Education Imperative ’ In both cases , it is assumed that the value of the exchanged good is decided shortly after its delivery
according to how it satisfies an immediate need . Not surprisingly , students value their degree by the first job it gets them rather than the life it prepares them for over the next half-century . What
, for example , is Olof Palme 's legacy in foreign policy ? This spring s presidential election ’ in Haiti sadly re-enforced the country ’ s blighted reputation . The paradox is that today Haiti has a chance
, perhaps the best in its modern history , to escape from its long history of extreme poverty and turmoil . Such a US declaration ( if it declares Israel at fault ) would give Palestinians the opportunity
to declare the talks a failure and thus move toward a unilateral declaration of statehood in the hope that the world community will recognize such a state . Europe has already said that it would recognize
such a unilateral declaration . One side argues that rising human populations threaten our environment and prosperity . Indeed , US legislation strictly forbids the Fed from lending to non-depository institutions
, except in emergencies . Moreover , the fear that one must get in on the boom before it is too late often drives people to bid up home prices faster now . This certainly seems to be the market psychology
in China and India , where rapidly rising incomes and newly successful people are widely expected to put pressure on markets for land , real estate , and construction materials . Europe ’ s leaders have
promised to devise by the end of this month a comprehensive package not only to end the crisis , but also to preserve the euro s stability ’ . In recent days , the authorities have also requested businesses
to stagger the working day before , during , and after the Games to reduce traffic volumes , alongside a raft of other traffic-cutting measures . But the country s social and economic divisions ’ will ultimately
find political solutions , through elections and the efforts of millions of Americans to achieve fundamental reforms . As frustrating and embarrassing as the last several weeks have been , it could have
been much worse . Russia s trade ’ with the EU between January and August 2007 reached $ 173.3 billion , or 51.6 % of its foreign trade turnover . First , all were caused by a profound crisis of the social-welfare
state : falling output , rising unemployment , large budget deficits , inflation , and devaluation . Views about how to respond to the SWF s ’ vary . Other Tibetans may conclude that China s government ’
has relegated governance of their region to local satraps who have their own interests to pursue . Europe therefore had to act , though that decision was obviously difficult . Bringing Serbia into the EU
would permanently stabilize the regional order and – at the time when Europe is increasingly wary of indefinite military commitments -- offer the prospect of a concrete exit strategy for NATO troops in
Kosovo . Moreover , so far , health care reform has failed to yield the savings that were expected . There are roughly 2,000 African students in China , most of whom are pursuing engineering and science
courses . According to Juma , that number is expected to double over the next two years , making China Africa “ ’ s leading destination for science and engineering education . ” Now , more than four years
after the terrorist attacks of September 2001 , Bush appears to have finally woken up to the reality of America ’ s increasing dependence ; with soaring oil prices , it was hard for him not to note the
consequences . That , I believe , is because agribusiness is able to put tens of millions of dollars into the pockets of congressional representatives seeking re-election . Since we do not have time for
Chapter 11 proceedings and we do not want to bail out all the creditors , the lesser evil is to do what judges do in contentious and overextended bankruptcy processes : impose a restructuring plan on creditors
, with part of the debt forgiven in exchange for equity or warrants . The right to own property , vote , work , divorce , the right to choose whether or not to have children have been secured only through
political struggle . For a similar amount , 300 million children could be dewormed in schools . With the current presidential term lurching to such a calamitous close that the incumbent is probably worried
about being remembered as George Herbert Hoover Walker Bush , the correlation between presidential party and economic outcome demands some kind of explanation . The motivation to implement further reforms
of the internal market has weakened , leading to a situation in which even decisions by EU leaders at their European Council meetings can go ignored . The United Nations Millennium Project involves a large-scale
, coordinated big push of investment in human capital , public infrastructure , and agricultural technologies . In its relations with the outside world , however , the Jewish state still has a long way
to go . To counter this , Abbas will have to seek external Arab and international support . It is difficult to see how NATO can succeed in stabilizing Afghanistan unless it is willing to commit more troops
and give commanders more flexibility . Success will also require more funds for reconstruction , development , and alternatives to opium poppy cultivation . At the same time , in order to ensure continued
progress toward financial inclusion , representatives from developing and emerging economies must play a greater role in shaping future standards . These people emerged under conditions created in deeply
inequitable societies by a misapplied , inconsistent , and bureaucratic war . Moreover , US rates are likely to stay low , because America s financial system ’ blew itself up so completely ( with help from
European banks ) , and because low rates remain , for domestic reasons , part of the post-crisis policy mix . As the deal was intended to avoid a nuclear standoff with Iran , why was there so much outrage
in the US and the West ? So , where will the extra imports needed to support all of this additional exporting come from ? It is delivering improved water security , a 25 % increase in wages for agricultural
workers , and more than 3.5 billion days of work , with the program as a whole reaching 30 million families per year on average . When his trial began , the prosecution tried to exclude Hamdan from the
room during the testimony of a witness against him . The government wanted to protect its sources . Perseverance in error does not correct the error ; it merely exacerbates it . Key economic reforms that
transformed much of postcommunist Europe -- macro-economic stabilization , freeing prices and foreign trade , privatization -- were scorned in order to sustain an authoritarian regime . In short , government
policies to support the housing market not only have failed to fix the problem , but are prolonging the deleveraging process and creating the conditions for Japanese-style malaise . As a result , the rate
of credit growth increased from 14 % in September 2008 to 35 % a year later , and property prices more than doubled in many cities . A tow truck driver said that the beheading " just affirms what I thought
before . “ The pictorial symbol ” of the Washington Consensus , quipped C. Fred Bergsten , “ was the colonial posture assumed by the Managing Director of the IMF as the President of Indonesia .... signed
his diktat . ” It is the victims of predatory lenders who need government help . There is a need for higher standards than those set by the Kimberley Process . Rather than confronting a debt crisis , as in
1997-98 , emerging-market economies now face an asset crisis “ , ” but they will suffer the same result : great capital losses on their foreign-exchange reserves . Indeed , the magnitude of the losses
will be on par with that of Asian financial crisis , if not higher . Although non-tax revenue may contribute significantly to some countries total GDP ’ , the average tax / GDP ratios in low-income and
lower-middle-income countries are roughly 15 % and 19 % , respectively significantly lower – than the OECD average of more than 35 % . To finance development projects , poor and lower-middle-income countries
must devise and implement tax strategies to increase domestic revenue . There are many reasons why Asia is different : history , cultural diversity , unresolved territorial and political disputes , a lack
of multilateral experience , and the predominance of one or two centers of power . But the main reason is that we have not tried . Most human-rights organizations , women s groups ’ , and labor unions recognize
the relationship between the rule of law and a progressive interpretation of constitutional rights , on the one hand , and the values and worldview of the judges appointed to the bench , on the other . But
two forces can turn a mild slowdown into a severe recession or even depression : Hamas was definitely deterred by Israel s merciless offensive ’ , and Israel , whether it admits it or not , is bound to
be deterred by the specter of Israeli leaders and army officers becoming the object of arrest warrants in Europe . But that would not be the story in Europe . When it comes to fighting terrorism , moreover
, democracies are more effective both politically and operationally , particularly in terms of their intelligence services . Imagine if the International Monetary Fund , the World Bank , and regional development
banks suspended financing as soon as a government pulled down an information curtain . They have replaced the young couple of five years ago – he with the hedge fund , she with interior decorators – in
a McMansion in Westchester County . Trade-distorting subsidies , high import tariffs , and export restrictions act as sand in the gears of the transmission belt and make it more difficult and expensive
to bring food to the market – and thus to the family table . Given that multiple homicides in the US draw international interest , media reports highlighting a perpetrator s mental illness or describing
insanity ’ pleas inform perceptions of mental illness worldwide . At the same time , sanctions that have been imposed by a substantial set of countries are taking a significant toll on the Iranian economy
. That division is dangerous . The parliament is 18 % female ( a slightly higher percentage than in the US Congress ) , and a woman , Megawati Sukarnoputri , was the country s fourth president ’ . They know
how to work with local law enforcement agencies , and initially their activities are limited to gathering information aimed at discrediting the current local religious leaders - whose average age is over
70 - and working skillfully with local media to ensure that this defamatory information is publicized . Weakness is weakness , whether one is in Moscow , Beijing , Tehran , or Pyongyang . They are still
capitulating to this day . The US gets 50 % of its electricity from coal but less than 0.5 % from wind . Indeed , a chill is settling over Russia s relations ’ with the West more broadly . Will NATO ’ s Prodigal
Son Return ? Consequently , credit growth remains unchecked until an unforeseen event triggers China s Lehman moment ’ “ ” . Should this happen , growth will collapse , many borrowers will default , and
financial chaos could ensue . So do some of Europe s politicians ’ . After 16 years of negotiations , Russia appeared poised to join the WTO within a couple of months . It is certainly a problem when it burns
freely through cities . How seriously , one wonders , did the Chinese take Trichet when he came to China to protest the euro s brutal appreciation ’ “ ” against the renminbi ? Cut your own interest rates
, they must have thought to themselves , and you will have less to complain about . One school believes that modern terrorism cannot be eradicated , or that the costs of doing so are unacceptably high . France
has no interest in protecting a Malian regime that it knows to be corrupt and incompetent ; indeed , France recently refused to support a request from President François Bozizé s regime ’ in the neighboring
Central African Republic for aid in dealing with rebels . During the 41 years of the Cold War , 14 of NATO s 16 members ’ strictly obeyed and complied with American decisions and policies . French President
Charles de Gaulle was the only one to question whether an American president would actually ever be ready to launch a nuclear attack on the USSR in order to protect one or several Alliance members if vital
US interests were not directly at stake . While some scientists believe that the Anthropocene actually began when humans started farming and domesticating animals , others ( including me ) consider it to
be a more recent development . But , regardless of when the Anthropocene began , it is clear that humanity s impact ’ on the planet increased substantially after World War II s end ’ . Jalal Talabani ,
a Kurd , retains control of Iraq s ’ largely ceremonial presidency . NEW YORK – Almost no one had read the Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act ( CISPA ) before it was rushed through the United
States House of Representatives in late April and sent to the Senate . CISPA is the successor to SOPA , the anti-piracy bill “ ” that was recently defeated after an outcry from citizens and Internet companies
. While the situation in the Middle East currently looks hopeless , a new attempt that focuses on the essential points , not on minor ones , deserves support . Indeed , this is precisely what happened with
the Russians : the most qualified have already gone to the US . Indeed , so strident has he become that he refused to accept a message from Japan s prime minister ’ about his island visit . Yet the true
test of a ruler is not to pander to his people ’ s expectations , but to peer into the future and match the country ’ s aspirations with its needs and capacities . Independently generated plots emerged
and used ad hoc resources , often within the target country . If European integration shifts into reverse , the outcome will not be a series of happy and prosperous nation-states , living in a sort of replica
of the 1950 s ’ or 1960 s ’ . The US Defense Department justifies this change as part of the so-called " Global Posture Review " that it has been carrying out to provide more flexibility and mobility in
deploying troops to more urgently needed places around the world . This is no longer a feasible strategy for large or middle-income developing countries . They demanded a new start for their country – the
chance to consign to history the economic and political misery endured in recent years . Once the gene has been transferred to the wild relative , there will be a strong selection pressure to maintain it
there if the same herbicide is used , making the weedy wild relatives more difficult to control . Much of Hong Kong 's elite shares the same mindset , despite their training in Western business schools
and their fortunes gained from property trading . The older summits ( the G-7 or , with the addition of Russia , the G-8 ) , as well as the G-7 finance ministers meetings ’ , were no longer legitimate . There
is already talk of new projects in capacity building , agriculture , and the promotion of cultural cooperation . New Year s resolutions ’ are often like that . The Rapaport Group , an international network
of companies providing services to the diamond industry , refuses to list Marange diamonds on its diamond-trading platform , RapNet . Martin Rapaport , chairman of the group , has called for free access
to the diamond fields by non-governmental organizations and industry representatives to monitor the human rights situation . Intelligence and military analysts debate how much of the violence is due to
the presence of foreigners , though it is widely conceded that most of the attacks can be attributed to what American officials call “ former regime elements , ” with the Iraqi Sunni community the main
pillar of the resistance . Having dominated Iraq under Saddam Hussein , and despite numbering less than a quarter of the overall population , Sunnis , it is said , are fighting to prevent their communal
interests from being overwhelmed by the majority Shi ites ’ and the Kurds , a distinct ethnic group concentrated in the north . So long as these weapons exist , the threat of their use – either by accident
or through an act of sheer madness – will remain . But a more specific similarity is that highly indebted eurozone countries and Chinese provinces and counties have been spending too much of a common currency
. What occurred in 2008 was a US crisis that contaminated Europe , because the two financial systems were almost completely integrated . Nor are European ministers , still struggling to catch up with reality
, yet considering involuntary debt exchanges . But , if the past 18 months are any guide , they soon will be . NEW YORK Mitt Romney s income taxes – ’ have become a major issue in the American presidential
campaign . Is this just petty politics , or does it really matter ? It certainly is not getting any easier to drive around in places like São Paulo , Dubai , and Shanghai . For a variety of reasons , mostly
related to government intervention , few emerging market economies can be categorized as having flexible resource demand , so commodity price spikes are not having a particularly big effect on demand . Since
2002 , the Global Fund has approved around $ 19 billion in total funding . Toward the century 's end , radical groups grew on the fringes of several religions . Most numerous were the tens of thousands
of young Muslims who fought against the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan , where they were trained in a wide range of techniques and many were recruited to organizations with an extreme view of the religious
obligation of jihad . Today , little over a decade later , the atmosphere is so poisoned that neither local community leaders nor the local police came forward to protect these monuments or claim them as
their own . Pakistan thus ends 2010 as the sick man of South Asia . Now , for the first time , a Jesuit has become pope – and has compounded the novelty by assuming the very un-Jesuit name of Francis . Many
Americans will judge the new administration by what it does at home . That includes raising taxes on those earning more than $ 250,000 a year , and using the money to extend health insurance to the tens
of millions of Americans who – uniquely for an industrialized nation – do not have it . Public sector firms have incentives to lobby for subsidies , protection and cheap credit . Paradoxically , it is likely
that there is not enough fire on the planet ; but , thanks to fossil fuels , there is certainly too much combustion . Overall , the developed world has too few good fires , and the developing world has
too many bad ones . The implications for action are clear . By strengthening civil society – through legal rights and long-term economic development – and instituting clear rules to ensure accountability
, political despotism and corruption will be brought under control . But they will be tempted to use the current hard times as a reason for backtracking . So , contrary to popular belief , the incidence
of most NCDs other than diabetes has actually been falling . It ’ s difficult to overstate what these findings mean for climate policy . In a nutshell , they tell us that , while increasing energy efficiency
is undoubtedly a good thing , it is most assuredly not a remedy for global warming . In the end , the economic outcome envisaged by the growth skeptics would undermine the very goals they are fighting for
. This accumulation of power in the hands of a completely independent institution is , of course , not ideal from the standpoint of democratic accountability . An agreement with Canada is now within reach
( though bilateral negotiations with India seem to have stalled , probably because the Indians do not believe that a free-trade agreement would help them much ) . The election result nonetheless underscores
the fact that time is running out to find a solution to the Cyprus problem . Talat has set the presidential election in early 2010 as a deadline for agreement , while Christofias is not without political
challenges within his own coalition . Central America ’ s presidents recently met in Tegucigalpa , Honduras , to devise a united policy to deal with the region s rampaging street gangs ’ . Capital gains
should be taxed at least at as high a rate as ordinary income . ( Such returns will , in any case , get a substantial benefit because the tax is not imposed until the gain is realized . ) Take the simple
case of taxi licenses : if the number of taxi licenses is fixed , and consumers start using taxis more often , what you will observe is , at most , an increase in the demand for powerful Mercedes cars
that taxi drivers use , not an increase in jobs . A united front of Israelis and Palestinians could push the Iranian people , who until recently maintained good relations with the Jewish state , to rebel
against the folly that seems to have taken hold of their leaders . By contrast , Israeli or American military action against Iran would risk worsening the situation , prolonging and intensifying the suffering
in this very sensitive region of the world . Russia , in particular , has focused on treaties , conferences , and political arrangements . Moreover , concrete discussions on constitutional reform are underway
within both the ruling Liberal Democratic Party ( with Koizumi himself in charge ) and the opposition Democratic Party . This is a clear demonstration of how derivatives and synthetic securities were used
to create imaginary value out of thin air . So the truth must lie elsewhere : the French are not hopeless about politics ; they are simply waiting for a genuine leader . But the major challenge in this respect
is now coming , ironically enough , from America s main ally ’ in the region , Israel . He could meet his bride seated majestically on the caparison of an elaborately decorated elephant , and she would
look ravishing swathed and bejeweled in Indian finery . The bling-bling president “ ” , as Sarkozy has been dubbed , can wear all the gold he wants and heap yet more diamonds on his bride . Yet change is
seeping in . Suppose we compare two countries . One of them is agriculture-based , and people consume only food , while the other is industry-based , and people not only consume food but also buy clothes
. Wind power becomes much more expensive when we factor in the large supplies of power that must be created for backup whenever the wind dies down . Much , therefore , speaks for starting with a combination
of the first and second options . What I do know is that the way the issue is usually posed is wrong . But today ’ s social , economic , and political systems – at least in developed countries – are unable
to withstand a peacetime decline in output of 15-20 % within a short period . El Salvador stands out as an exception in both respects . There are those who disagree and believe that an economy ’ s dynamism
is found almost entirely in the private sector , while the task of government is mainly to stay out of the way . Russia , too , faces real demographic difficulties , though in the other direction as Russia
s population ’ is projected to shrink by as much as 10 % over the next 15 or 20 years . Our history grips us like a nightmare , for the crimes of the past scar the present and induce yet more crimes in
the future . By that magnificent phrase , the UN s ’ founders meant that human rights , development , and security are mutually interdependent . The « new economy » may change our view of monopoly in yet
another way . While central bankers can provide such narratives to financial markets , it is political leaders who must provide the overall socioeconomic messages that encourage long-term real investment
, electoral support for reform , and hope for the future . Central bank alchemy , to borrow a term from the US journalist Neil Irwin ’ s new book , has its limits . Some countries are almost inevitably
going to experience bailouts and defaults . He found no examples of democracies at war with each other . Some pedants quibble , claiming that exceptions exist . That happened precisely because they reformed
their Judaism in the light of Western values . The global institutions of our day – the International Monetary Fund , the World Bank , and the World Trade Organization – are still largely the creation of
American leadership at the end of World War II ( though they have obviously undergone considerable change since then ) . These institutions reflected American interests , but they also codified certain
norms of behavior – rule-based decision-making , non-discrimination , multilateralism , transparency – which eventually came to constrain American power as well . Where Russia represents a return to the
past , one sees in China an opening , however ambiguous , to the future . There is an opportunity here for leadership . Getting executives to internalize perfectly the expected losses that their choices
might impose on contributors of capital other than shareholders is complex . Neo-conservative appeals to the example of the British Empire are far-fetched . The idea that American troops will stay in Iraq
indefinitely – or even just as long “ as necessary and not one day more , ” in the clichéd language of Donald Rumsfeld – is implausible . Hotels in China s provincial cities ’ can make five-star hotels
in Western capitals looked shabby . Isn t ’ this the crux of the matter ? One can only hope that if that day should ever arrive , the world will be better prepared than it is right now . The Road to Food
Security Although highly unpredictable , it is easy to imagine how the process could be reversed . You are a different and superior animal a French-beating animal – . ” The free movement of people doesn ’
t only mean more social conflict and criminality . It also means a gradual and beneficial cohabitation that began immediately after WWII as a common effort to help out the defeated countries and enhance
their chances for democracy and prosperity . But the other pieces are no less important . This was ‘ Operation Frequent Wind , ' code-name for America 's evacuation from Saigon . To be sure , they will help
to prevent banks from using instruments resembling collateralized debt obligations ( which banks use to repackage individual loans for placement on secondary markets ) to reduce their exposure . Financial
globalization was supposed to have enabled poor , undercapitalized countries to gain access to the savings of rich countries . The expression of this desire is especially important now that the world is
gripped by a terrifying economic crisis . Widespread economic distress is never without political consequences . Over the last two decades , Asia s economic boom ’ was largely driven by intra-regional manufacturing
linkages , in which intermediate goods and parts were sourced from within Asia to be assembled into final goods for export to developed markets – earning the region the moniker factory Asia “ . ” But the
protracted global slowdown has highlighted the risks of excessive reliance on exports . RIGA -- Instead of helping all EU member states to meet their own Kyoto goals , the European Commission is shifting
what should be a shared burden onto its newest members , which are already the most environmentally efficient in the European Union . Today , Somalia remains a dysfunctional state , as rival clans , jihadists
, and an interim government with Ethiopian support compete for power . Moreover , international development players – including UN agencies , NGOs , corporate citizenship programs , and other charitable
organizations – rarely coordinate their activities , even though their interventions are increasingly concentrated in densely populated cities . It noted that “ borrowers at risk of significant mortgage
payment increases remained a small minority , concentrated mostly among higher-income households that were aware of the attendant risks , ” and concluded that “ indications are that credit and risk allocation
mechanisms in the U.S. housing market have remained relatively efficient . ” Indeed , I was arrested for treason even before the election . There are good reasons for this . Having learned from the collapse
of the Soviet Union that a bureaucratic ruling party must co-opt new social elites to deprive potential opposition groups of leaders , the Communist Party has conducted an effective campaign of expanding
its social base . But a second worldwide force also has propelled education to the center of the policy agenda in most countries : the increased recognition of the importance of education by those who examine
why countries succeed or fail . For years , academics have debated whether culture , institutions , ideology , or resources cause some countries to lag behind . Gutierrez , following CONAIE 's lead , has
called the FTAA " suicide " and proposes strengthening ties with the Andean Community and with Brazil and Venezuela , who are also skeptical of the FTAA . Would an Iranian bomb really be so bad ? Some argue
that it could become the basis of stable nuclear deterrence in the region , analogous to the nuclear standoff between the United States and the Soviet Union during the Cold War . Our assessment was different
. A comprehensive prevention program providing free or cheap condoms and information about safe sex to the regions worst affected by HIV / AIDS would cost $ 27 billion and save more than 28 million lives
. It also contained a series of specific political objectives : decolonization and self-determination of peoples , social progress , and the promotion of fundamental human rights . The ingrained inertia
of the current regime , however , seems to preclude any early move toward that . Even if the breast is removed , radiation is sometimes needed to prevent recurrence of the breast cancer on the skin of the
chest . The recently agreed measures to strengthen economic-policy coordination in the eurozone ( the so-called six pack “ ” ) imply in principle that the European Commission should be the arbiter in such
matters , and that its adjustment programs can formally be overturned only by a two-thirds majority of the member states . In a little more than a year , the Asian financial crisis became a global financial
crisis , with the crash of Russia s ruble ’ and Brazil s real ’ . Patel would have been outraged not only by Modi s conduct ’ in office , but by the kind of remarks that Modi has repeatedly made against
minorities . As he pointed out , wearing the nijab is not commanded by the Koran and represents a cultural choice , not a religious duty . Indeed , Lebanon s vote ’ for military intervention in Libya not
only enhances its legitimacy , but also raises the suspicion that even Iran condemns Qaddafi s brutality ’ . Romney s Kipling ’ is the neo-conservative intellectual Robert Kagan , whose new book , The World
America Made , argues against “ the myth of American decline . ” And , while countries like Greece and Spain suffer from market constraints , such is not the case for Northern Europe . Whether this behavior
is a harbinger for the future remains unclear , but it raises a continuing specter given the failure of the NPT to include an effective enforcement mechanism . Not only would this be a much less expensive
fix than trying to cut carbon emissions , but it would also reduce global warming far more quickly . Indeed , the two other options Iran – ’ s emergence as a nuclear power or the use of military force to
prevent this would – , in addition to all of its horrible consequences , also increase oil and gas prices . In comparison , spending $ 3 billion annually on mosquito nets , environmentally safe indoor DDT
sprays , and subsidies for effective new combination therapies could halve the total number of those infected within one decade . Yet , along with “ good asset-price inflation ” , aimed at making people
feel richer and spend more , these approaches have delivered “ bad inflation ” , owing to surging commodity prices , which impose a tax on both inputs and consumers . As we sift the debris of the war to
liberate Iraq , it will be important to preserve-the better to understand-the intellectual wreckage of the liberal conceit of security through international law administered by international institutions
. How will the fiscal system be revamped ? Will land reform be part of the package ? China has also been cooperating constructively with the US and its allies in dealing with North Korea 's nuclear capabilities
. The other four posts will probably be decided as part of a package deal , owing to the need to achieve some sort of balance . Similarly , while the Case-Shiller index of US home prices is now up 10.2 %
over the year ending March 2013 , it remains 28 % below its 2006 peak . The willingness of major countries to accept Iran with a nuclear status similar to Japan depends on whether Iran not only refers to
itself as a status-quo power – which it occasionally does but – whether it acts as such . If it wants to be seen as a status-quo power , it needs to accept local and international efforts at establishing
peace between Israel and its neighbors . In Egypt , for example , 97 % said that racial and ethnic equality is important , and 90 % said that equality for women is important . Musharraf withdrew the emergency
and restored the constitution , but a few days later Benazir Bhutto was assassinated in Rawalpindi after she addressed a large election rally . While some countries ­ - say , Poland - strongly supported
America 's war effort , others tried to balance their support for the US with their " understanding " of the views of Germany and France . Still others - for example , Slovenia - stood on the side of "
old Europe . " It is far too late for one of their favorite remedies abolition – of central banks , supposedly the source of excessive credit creation . Controversy should not rule out the use of military
force in situations where it will make a difference . The EU and NATO may see themselves as potential rivals or complementary partners in the field of defense . According to the constitution ( originally
promulgated in 1973 by an elected parliament ) , a serving military official cannot run for an elected office . The Internet could also enable freer and more open communications , upward mobility , transparent
and rapid dissemination of information , and , yes , individuality . Chirac insisted on absolute parity of votes between France and Germany in the EU Council of Ministers , ignoring their demographic disparity
. A study commissioned by the Rome-based International Fund for Agricultural Development indicates that more than 30 million individuals living outside their countries of origin contribute more than $ 40
billion annually in remittances to their families and communities back home . For sub-Saharan African countries , remittances increased from $ 3.1 billion in 1995 to $ 18.5 billion in 2007 , according
to the World Bank , representing between 9 % and 24 % of GDP and 80-750 % of ODA . St. Petersburg is a great place in early summer , when the White Nights “ ” bathe the city s imperial palaces and avenues
’ . Rick Perry , the governor of Texas and an early frontrunner in the Republican primary , called it just a theory “ out there , ” while Romney himself has had to argue that it is consistent with creationism
– the idea that an intelligent force designed the universe and brought it into being . Professor Gordon also points out that America 's more extreme climate - colder winters ( save in Florida and California
) and hotter summers ( save in Washington , Oregon , and California ) - must spend more on heating and cooling . Resilience , in short , is largely about learning how to change in order not to be changed
. We expect improved technology and its spread to make the world of 2100 , at a 2 % annual growth rate , much richer : $ 50,000 per capita of year-2006 purchasing power . NEW YORK – Despite the series of
low-probability , high-impact events that have hit the global economy in 2011 , financial markets continued to rise happily until a month or so ago . The year began with rising food , oil , and commodity
prices , giving rise to the specter of high inflation . Of course , polluting industries like the cap-and-trade system . But any financial system must be able to withstand shocks , including big ones . Farther
to the west , US economic performance is weakening , with first-quarter growth a miserly 1.9 % well – below potential . At one time , it was thought that since developing countries had less capital than
more developed countries , merely supplying more capital would solve their problems . More than four decades after United Nations Security Council resolution 242 , occupying land by force , illegal construction
of exclusive Jewish settlements , and restrictions on movement continue unabated . This is the main reason why economic activity in 2009 and 2010 was so much lower than had been forecast – and why unemployment
was so much higher . In other words , should Greenspan have kept interest rates higher and triggered a recession in order to avert the growth of a housing bubble ? Some people argue that Americans need to
tighten their belts . But the most important variable for voters to examine is the candidate s biography ’ . But Rudi never followed his own advice . This stubbornness made matters worse when things finally
fell apart . The last thing the ECB needs is a political crony of German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder assuming Mr. Issing s key post ’ . The Hidden Costs of Money Embryonic stem cells are derived from an
early embryo called blastocysts at about the 5 th day . Now you have to publish your entire theory right away , before someone else gets the credit . It nearly kills you , but you get the book out – only
an abstract of the magnum opus that you had planned – by the end of the next year . You call it The Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection , or the Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle
for Life . But the jokes about the Doha Round , which is in its tenth year , are far worse akin – to the classic Monty Python sketch in which a customer holds up a dead parrot in a cage while the shopkeeper
insists that the parrot is only resting “ . ” CAMBRIDGE China – ’ s new five-year plan will have important implications for the global economy . Meanwhile , those segments of Brazil s population ’ that are
newly arrived to the market , while enthusiastic about their social betterment , need lasting support to lock in the gains that have been achieved in their standard of living . The American envoy got right
what happened , its implications , and how to enable Barack Obama ’ s incoming administration to deal intelligently – and differently from the past – with one of its first crises in Latin America . Indeed
, we have seen more religious wars than at any time since the end of the Thirty Years War in 1648 . An economist with an impeccable ministerial career behind him , and a statesman who made peace with Venezuela
within three days of assuming office , thus both averting war and opening huge economic and commercial opportunities Santos – is bent on shifting Colombia s course ’ from to conflict to peace . One recent
Internet match-making effort attracted applications from more than 10,000 young women , all seeking a chance to marry a Shenzhen multi-millionaire sight unseen . No difference means no market . My own research
, along with that of physicists around the world , has focused on what effects Higgs particles might have had just fractions of a second after the big bang effects – that could explain the shape and fate
of the universe . But Amien Rais ' statement is as much self-serving as it is in the interest of political stability . He is the only viable rival candidate for President Megawati 's job , and would be
the man to step into the presidential palace should she be removed . But government can take action that improves productivity , investment returns , and conditions for innovation , thereby increasing the
pace and enhancing the long-term results of structural adjustment . That has not happened . Historically , it has been difficult to convince Asians that international trade is not a zero-sum-game , with
Asia invariably the losers . This is one reason why , after Mao Zedong s communists ’ triumphed in China in 1949 and other Asian nations gained independence , most Asian countries adopted protectionist
inward-looking economic policies aimed at building domestic strength , keeping the imperialists “ ” out , and achieving self-reliance . India has significant hard-power resources as well , with an estimated
60-70 nuclear weapons , intermediate-range missiles , a space program , 1.3 million military personnel , and annual military expenditure of nearly $ 30 billion , or 2 % of the world total . This follows
a similar official response to Chen Liangyu s philandering ’ and to Chen Xitong s ’ “ Five Golden Flowers . ” It is still too complex ; activities are still too concentrated in large institutions ; and
the specter of “ too big to fail ” remains . This undoubtedly would be going too far . Nor should it make any difference if you invite a few adult friends over , and in the privacy of your own home they
all choose to take part in a larger-scale sexual fantasy of the same kind . Are computers linked via the Internet again – , assuming that only consenting adults are involved – so different from a group
fantasy of this kind ? Since China will be the most important market of the future , it will be decisive in determining not only what we produce and consume , but how . In August 1989 , I proposed in the
Polish Diet a draft resolution apologizing to the Czechs and Slovaks for Polish involvement in the 1968 invasion . I felt that a historical circle was being closed : the ideas of the Polish March and the
Prague Spring , the ideas of our mountain meetings , were becoming political facts . The twists and turns in some of the programs , most notably in the United States , have left markets confused , and have
led private investors to stay on the sidelines , waiting for policy clarification before taking a stake in financial institutions . Elsewhere , communist regimes seemed almost to run from power . Re-equilibration
: The Party protects its legitimacy , keeps the military subordinate , and manages to put a lid on popular dissent . In other words , the status quo prevails for the foreseeable future . Of course , a situation
where GNP increases while wealth declines can t ’ last forever . When an economy eats into its productive base in order to raise current production , eventually GNP will decline , too , unless policies
were to so change that wealth begins to accumulate . Although Japan paid much of the costs of that war by raising domestic taxes , its supportive actions went largely unnoticed . Indeed , the word ``Japan''
was nowhere to be seen in the advertisements Kuwait's government published after the war to thank the thirty nations of the international coalition that fought to expel Iraq from Kuwait. German Banks on
Top There was a need for such terms back then , because their crackpot counterparts held much greater sway in general discourse . Scientists had to announce themselves as scientists . Opponents allege that
a legal system of exchange will inevitably replicate the sins of the black market . This is utterly backward . The emerging stew of Weltpolitik thickened even more with Israel s pre-emptive move ’ in international
waters to stop a flotilla supposedly bringing relief aid to blockaded Gaza . The result is that mounting concerns about the erosion of economic security , social stability , and cultural identity could
not be handled through mainstream political channels . To be sure , coal and oil companies would suffer , and big polluting countries – like the US – would obviously pay a higher price than those with a
less profligate lifestyle . Protests have already toppled governments in Tunisia and Egypt , leaving other Arab countries faced with widespread discontent . Americans like to say that there is no such thing
as a free lunch . Nor is there such a thing as a free war . Public policy is needed in many other areas , including legislation to incorporate environmental costs into food prices , thereby encouraging
sustainable production , as well as incentives and regulations to promote more efficient water use . National and international bio-safety regimes should be implemented to guide the development , application
, and trade of modern technology and genetically modified food . Without more fully restoring the health of financial and household balance sheets , a worsening of public debt sustainability could be transmitted
back to banking system or across borders . Little wonder , then , that voters in Central and Eastern Europe now feel that they got a poor bargain from the governments that brought them in : belt tightening
, labor market restrictions , and the notorious barrage of EU regulation . Ironically , the lights-out campaign also implies much greater energy inefficiency and dramatically higher levels of air pollution
. Similarly , Latin America has been booming in recent years , despite high debt burdens and a mixed record of policy reform . Low long-term interest rates have kept the region s debts ’ manageable , while
high consumer demand has helped bid up prices for the region s commodity exports ’ . As American assets have lost their attractiveness , their prices have dropped . This has meant either a decline in asset
prices quoted in dollars or in dollars quoted in other currencies . In particular , the leaders of “ Old Europe ” have been reluctant to open up their coffers for the countries of “ New Europe . ” The rise
of Hamas in Palestine and Hezbollah in Lebanon as instruments of Iranian ambitions can only worry moderate Arab regimes . And , if governments ’ dependence on bond markets ’ willingness to lend has not
rendered them unable to reform financial regulation , this is all the more true for the EU and the G-20 . The Ozone Mafia Given the fiscal legacy of the current crisis , no efforts should be spared in anchoring
fiscal discipline firmly in European Union countries . Institutional measures such as fiscal frameworks and public-debt thresholds can do much to help . That means that more of the poorest countries will
therefore graduate out of the need for concessional lending from the Bank . Ultimately , change will not come unless and until Sweden s leaders ’ address these problems . Kouchner s popularity ’ is a curious
phenomenon . Today ’ s turmoil , however , is no longer driven by anger at foreign forces ; instead , it marks a second phase of the de-colonization process : the assertion of the right of self-determination
by peoples and tribes united only by a dictator s yoke ’ . Indeed , it is not entirely farfetched to anticipate the emergence of new Arab states from the debris of the old , artificial ones . What have
we learned about the environmental consequences of wars ? Just as China must embrace slower growth as a natural consequence of its rebalancing imperative , the rest of the world will need to figure out
how to cope when it does . The clearest case concerns former Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet . He left Chile for England in October 1998 confident that he would continue to enjoy impunity from prosecution
until his dying days . But this is because government bonds are purchased mostly by domestic organizations and households . This leads to such things as a language “ ” at the level of cells and energy “
” behind organized societies . Sometimes the transplant works well enough , but it does not address the central problem : What is the nature of the information conveyed between each level , and how is
it conveyed ? Between July 2005 and September 2008 ( before Lehmann Brothers bankruptcy ) ’ , the renminbi appreciated 22 % against the dollar . Yet the quarterly US current-account deficit actually increased
– from $ 195 billion to $ 205 billion . Which policies work best ? A fundamental change occurred in Europe when the failure of Soviet communism opened up entirely new opportunities . In a union of democracies
, it is impossible to force sovereign countries to adhere to rules if their citizens do not accept them anymore . This ' celebrity ' may be based on personality , as with Blair and Berlusconi , or on circumstance
, as with Bush and Schröder and Putin , but it is part and parcel of the new politics of media appeal . And societies will continue to lack the jobs and capital investment that are essential for durable
prosperity and general well-being . But holding 300 Lebanese and nearly 10,000 Palestinians all – of the first group and many of the second group without charge or trial – has proven to be a major source
of irritation to the Arab peoples of the region . Berliners never stood a similar chance in the face of Soviet power . One such line , which is presumed to be significant , goes from Europe ( Spain ) via
Singapore or Dubai , through India to Nepal or Bangladesh and back again to the market in India . It is not entirely far-fetched to assume that Netanyahu finally calculated that if he wants more room to
maneuver to deal with Iran , he must participate in the peace process with the Palestinians . Importantly , many of the measures proposed by the president are similar to those recommended by Navalny : removing
government officials from the boards of state-owned companies ; ensuring access to corporate documents for minority shareholders ; and developing a way to respond to whistle-blowers on corruption . While
the development of Chinese long-range missile and nuclear forces has traditionally been characterized as conservative , incremental , and slow , it has taken place against a backdrop of steadily growing
official emphasis on the country ’ s defense-industrial complex , particularly its aerospace sector . But today , America is stuck there and knows neither how to win nor how to get out . That was smart power
. This occurred in Colombia in the 1990 s ’ , when an unexpected drop in coffee prices lowered wages and intensified conflict in coffee-dependent regions . Diplomacy no longer works with terrorism , but
it can help to prevent it by dealing carefully with potentially hostile states . With global expectations mounting for a fresh start in US foreign policy , it is vital not just to remember , but to understand
the attack on Pearl Harbor . So Americans are colluding with a criminal regime . The good news is that Cyprus s newly elected president ’ , Nicos Anastasiades , may be open to such an agenda . Here in Australasia
, we imported this perspective from overseas , actively suppressing more holistic Maori and Aboriginal understandings about human distress . America needs to find a better way . Should a participating country
subsequently fail to abide by its commitments , the EFA could impose a fine or other penalty , which would be proportionate to the violation , thereby preventing enforcement from becoming a nuclear option
that can never be exercised . The result , as one Japanese analyst put it , was that “ China scored an own goal , ” immediately reversing what had been a favorable trend in bilateral relations under the
ruling Democratic Party of Japan . Instead of being an international leader in the worldwide war against terrorism , it is sinking into the despair of a perpetual victim . Ultimately , of course , whether
to repatriate competences or exit from the EU are decisions for the British government and the British people to make . Nevertheless , after more than 60 years in power , the Chinese Communist Party ( CCP
) continues to retain a deep sense of insecurity . Much of the future increases in coal-fired electricity generation will come from strategically important developing countries like China and India . That
Yeltsin s government used tanks ’ to suppress opposition from a legitimate , though deeply flawed , Duma and has been involved in what , under different circumstances , would have been viewed in the West
as a genocidal war in Chechnya , was basically overlooked . Leaving the eurozone is precisely what the newly founded “ Alternative for Germany party ” , which draws support from a wide swath of society
, is demanding . Moreover , the major emerging-market countries , which steered successfully through the storms of 2008 and 2009 , may not cope as well with the problems looming on the horizon . Brazil
s growth ’ has already stalled , fueling anxiety among its neighbors in Latin America . But , in multi-faceted talks that straddle several different sectors ( for example , agriculture , manufactures ,
and services ) and diverse rules ( such as anti-dumping and subsidies ) , countries have negotiated concessions with one another in various areas . They are of course intimately linked : religion is commonly
used as a way to regulate sexual behavior and relations between the sexes . Breaking this logjam will be important , both in itself and for the message that it conveys to domestic and foreign investors
. Greater economic openness , coupled with the fixed nominal exchange rate , ended China s ’ inflationary roller-coaster ride , and , after 1994 , real GDP growth also became more stable . The government
is now seeking to decontrol domestic interest rates , create a more robust domestic bond market , and finally remove capital controls . But , in an interdependent and interconnected world , the use of force
cannot be the result of national political calculations . Nevertheless , before rushing to judgment about current policy , we should recognize the trend in recent US recoveries of slow job growth . You also
needed a few good basic institutions . To prevent a disorderly outcome in the eurozone , today ’ s fiscal austerity should be much more gradual , a growth compact should complement the EU s new fiscal compact
’ , and a fiscal union with debt mutualization ( Eurobonds ) should be implemented . In addition , a full banking union , starting with eurozone-wide deposit insurance , should be initiated , and moves
toward greater political integration must be considered , even as Greece leaves the eurozone . After elections , voters hardly ever saw or heard from their MPs , who typically went on to engage in corruption
and graft in Bangkok – eventually losing legitimacy and paving the way for military coups . Parts of East and West Africa are expected to get wetter , with rain falling in heavy , intense storms that not
only bring greater risks of erosion , flooding , and crop damage , but also leave people more exposed to malaria and cattle herds to decimation by outbreaks of diseases like Rift Valley fever . We propose
to establish a common insurance fund with contributions proportional to the risk that each member country represents . Only then will the developing world view the US as truly willing to assume its role
as a global leader . No period of expansion in the US has ever just fizzled out . The paradox of the Irish position is that opinion polls continue to demonstrate strong popular attachment to the EU . Not
surprisingly , given the Americans deeply ingrained suspicion ’ , the agreement reached earlier this year between Iran and Turkey and Brazil to allow for the export of low-enriched uranium from Iran in
return for fuel rods was “ not acceptable ” to the US . What is the right response to a collapse ? Notably , in giving China control of its strategic Gwadar port in February , Pakistan has permitted the
Chinese government to build a naval base there . Reformers within the government not only capitulated to the backsliding , but actively contributed to it . Rather , failure stemmed from the inherent incapacity
of both parties to reconcile themselves to each other s fundamental requirements ’ for a settlement . Rich nations have all but eliminated goiter ( swelling of the thyroid ) by using iodized salt – a preventive
measure lacking in 30 % of developing world households , but that costs just $ 0.05 a year per person . It has entered the history books as the beginning of something new , a new era perhaps , but in any
case a time of change . The terrorist bombings in Madrid and London and elsewhere will also be remembered ; but it is “ 9 / 11 that ” has become the catchphrase , almost like “ August 1914 . ” There was
still some borrowing by local governments , of course , but on a limited scale ( totaling 3-4 % of GDP ) , owing to institutionalized surveillance of lending . We do not need to rely on such tricks to stimulate
the economy and reduce the ratio of debt to income . The fundamental economic problem that currently troubles much of the world is insufficient demand . The ``dictatorship of law'' that President Puting
speaks about so often now appears to be more about arbitrary political preferences than establishing a society that plays by the rules. Not even the revelations by former intelligence contractor Edward
Snowden that no one is exempt from the possibility of US surveillance have stirred Americans to demand a new approach . That is what Google has done in China – where its move is irrevocable . The company
can t go ’ back to the old situation . In a recent paper , the economists Tomasz Piskorski , Amit Seru , and James Witkin compare the characteristics of securitized mortgages as they were disclosed to investors
at the time of sale with these loans characteristics ’ as they were recorded in the banks ’ proprietary databases . The data cover non-agency residential mortgages , which are not the same as those targeted
by the settlement , and the data come from a pool of banks , so we do not know which banks were present . If greed dominates , the engine of economic growth will deplete our resources , push the poor aside
, and drive us into a deep social , political , and economic crisis . The alternative is a path of political and social cooperation , both within countries and internationally . Ahmet B. is obviously not
Ahmet A. , and the only explanation is that the evidence was planted – in the wrong house . The other explanation questions the very premise that the Cuban missile crisis was an outright US victory . The
Americans had three options : a shoot-out ( “ ” bomb the missile sites ) ; a squeeze “ out ” ( blockade Cuba to convince the Soviets to withdraw the missiles ) ; and a buyout “ ” ( give the Soviets something
they want ) . But its successes in Iraq , Lebanon , and Palestine are creating great anxiety , and even hostility , in some quarters . Nationalism became lethal when the economy crashed , and social unrest
threatened to upset the political order . We get countless e-mail admonitions : “ Please consider the environment before printing . ” The problem is more than budgetary . A resurgent Russia is the world s
foremost revisionist power ’ , rejecting a status quo predicated on the notion of a Western victory in the Cold War . Its checks and balances were meant to frustrate any such mission at the hands of an
all-powerful executive , and it is doubtful that Americans would support such activism in perpetuity . The importance of ASW capability in the Western Pacific has not waned . On the contrary , recent illegal
violation of Japanese territorial waters by Chinese nuclear submarines suggests that , rather than being reduced , ASW capability should be built up further . Or the license plate on a vehicle that was
issued in 2006 ? ” The judge turns towards the prosecutor expectantly . With no institutionalized democratic legitimacy , the PA is bound to rely on its security forces and on those of the occupier , Israel
, to enforce its will . In developing countries – where most of the world s population growth ’ is occurring – sound water management is lacking , and up to 40 % of electricity is lost due to poor transmission
infrastructure . It has built or is building pipelines to Turkey and Germany , taken over an oil company , and sought footholds in European distribution markets . It must move on to the far more significant
target of better living conditions and more humane deaths for bears and fur-bearing animals , as well as for cows , pigs , laying hens , and chickens . Now these importers form a powerful bulwark against
any policy that causes deflation , even though lowering prices – and thereby redirecting Greek demand from foreign to domestic products and helping tourism – is the only way to put the Greek economy back
on its feet . Since Greece s current-account deficit ’ as a share of GDP was three times higher than Ireland s ’ , Greek prices would have to fall by about half to achieve the same kind of success . NEWPORT
BEACH Six internal factors – suggest that the United States economy ’ is slowly healing . For some observers , these factors were deemed sufficient to form the critical mass needed to propel the economy
into escape velocity . Income inequality has been growing in the US over the last three decades , largely because the labor market has increasingly demanded skills that the education system has been unable
to supply . In a heartbeat , Cameron ( who himself studied philosophy , politics , and economics at Oxford , having previously attended that bastion of classical education , Eton ) has signed away Britain
’ s global influence . Two factors that are likely to decide the referendum s outcome ’ can be singled out : turnout and how the farming community votes . Opinion polls currently show the Yes side leading
“ ” by two to one ( 35 % to 18 % ) . One response is to point out that most plans already have a default option that determines savings allocations . More than one-third of adults in developed countries
now ingest antioxidant pills , which is much easier than eating fruits and vegetables . The mood about Latin America was equally optimistic at the start of the 1980 s ’ . Allowing governments to pick industrial
winners and losers is just as bad an idea today . For example , instead of dismissing Sheikh Hassan Nasrallah s boasts ’ of victory , many commentators around the world repeat and endorse his claim that
Hezbollah fought much more bravely than the regular soldiers of Arab states in previous wars . If the public had seen the similarly grotesque tumors that grow on untreated rats , officials most likely would
not have acted so hastily . These will be long-term securities that pay regular dividends , like stocks , whose value is tied – either positively or negatively ­ – to a real estate price index . The short-term
outlook is uncertain . In the longer run , however , it ’ s right to bet on the economic benefits of democratization . The challenge is no less than to prevent the life sciences from becoming the death
sciences . So much the better . American and European military and civilian leaders have said repeatedly that there is no purely military solution to ending the war in Afghanistan . Yet NATO states have
no answer to the question that logically follows : What would a political solution entail ? But it is also true of the broader global economy , which was only just beginning to recover from the worst financial
crisis and recession since the 1930 s ’ . The troika negotiated what ended up being the largest financial assistance packages ever : loans to Greece from the IMF and European partners are set to reach €
240 billion ( $ 310 billion ) , or 130 % of the country ’ s 2013 GDP far more – in both absolute and relative terms than any country has ever received . They argue , further , that it is too complicated
to respect individuals ’ preferences , too difficult to tell them how their data is being used , and pointless to treat them as individuals . We have to reflect and introduce changes into our discourse
and our actions . ” And he admitted to Venezuelan television that a lack “ of efficiency in everyday routine … has endangered the government s ’ policies many times . ” All he is doing is finding a way
to make money from something that used to be free . If enough lords along the river follow suit , its use may be severely curtailed . In Buenos Aires , one wonders about the motives of the Supreme Court
, which has forbidden President Kristina Kirchner from changing the chairman of the central bank . This is for the best of reasons - fish that are caught when they are too small will produce a small yield
. Even the plea of one of central banker that “ no one could have predicted the problems ” moved few in the audience – perhaps because several people sitting there had , like me , explicitly warned about
the impending problem in previous years . On randomly assigned days , the children went out to recess at 10 a.m. or at 10 : 30 a.m. But it may be worse : coordinating everyone into risky asset investments
may be more dangerous than coordinating them into boring investments like money-market funds . As such , they should not be subject to the same approval process as normal legislation . Pakistan was hacked
off the stooped shoulders of India by the departing British in 1947 as a homeland for India s Muslims ’ ; but , until recently ( as Pakistan s population ’ continues to grow at a higher rate than India
s ’ ) , more Muslims remained in India than lived in Pakistan . After the ouster of the Taliban last year , the $ 4.5 billion of reconstruction aid pledged to Afghanistan 's new government demonstrated
that a multilateral approach to reconstruction is possible . But the poisoned atmosphere that followed the UN debates on Iraq may prevent the US from getting its way here . The last few decades , as well
as previous history , offer ample evidence that an imposed order will inevitably collapse . Today , the US remains the world s essential power ’ , but it is no longer the exclusive power . It cannot solve
problems that directly affect it by acting on its own , though its leadership remains indispensable . Faced with a possible constitutional coup that would have eviscerated his powers , President Viktor
Yushchenko has dissolved Ukraine s parliament ’ and called for new elections . Indeed , many ordinary people now view the US presence , and not North Korea 's communist regime , as the biggest obstacle
to unification . Moreover , globalization has created losers as well as winners . Sunni-Shia tensions tend to rise sharply during geopolitical power struggles , such as in Iraq in 2006-2008 . Indeed , Abbas
is now the only Arab leader who came to power in a more or less free election . Opposition forces were also to blame ; they refused to cooperate with the Brotherhood , betting that political isolation and
a failing economy would end up weakening their opponents . Citing a long-standing doctrine in international law , advocates of a write-off claimed that Iraq s debt ’ was “ odious . ” As a result , the creditors
were no longer protected under global legal rules . The first scenario is when a real war threatens to spill over into a wider conflict , destabilizing the region and Great Power relations . Second , much
will depend on how China navigates the transition to a more open capital account . History is littered with financial crises occurring in the wake of precipitous capital-account liberalization . For 30
years , the US government supported secular rulers who justified their iron grip on power by insisting that the choice was between them and “ the Islamists ” – whom they portrayed as religious zealots
bent on taking their countries back to the Middle Ages . As Jonathan Swift put it in 1727 , Party “ is the madness of many , for the gain of the few . ” To the scientific community , the evidence on climate
change has , of course , been overwhelming for more than a decade and a half . He delivered on other promises to NGOs and social leaders , such as a community forestry bill . The problems bedeviling the
industry include pollution from emissions , increasing competition ( particularly from communications technology , which has made business travel less necessary ) , air traffic control delays and inefficiencies
, expanding noise restrictions , safety and security concerns , and an overall business environment highly dependent on fuel prices . Nevertheless , drawing Libya deeper into international discourse , despite
the possibility of roadblocks along the way , is a strategic decision that , now that it has been taken , the West must pursue with patience , perseverance , and constant nurturing . In that process ,
underestimating Libyan diplomacy , shrewdness and negotiating skills is the folly of the ignorant . Moreover , there were real surprises . This consistency has paid off . Its May agreement included a commitment
to establish a regional surveillance unit . It would give developing nations a strong incentive to accept mandatory quotas , because if they can keep their per capita emissions low , they will have excess
emissions rights to sell to the industrialized nations . The rich countries will benefit , too , because they will be able to choose their preferred mix of reducing emissions and buying up emissions rights
from developing nations . And , in a world in which nearly half of migrants are now moving from one developing country to another , the problems are no longer confined to the West . During the 2008 presidential
election campaign , Obama proved to be a talented communicator . In fact , real GDP per capita declined 15 % over the 25-year period from 1965 to 1990 a period – that saw some Asian economies quintuple
in size . Indeed , genital mutilation makes a woman 's experience of sex , that taboo of taboos , into a painful , humiliating , punitive procedure . No wonder that the efficacy of these tools has weakened
. If the US can defend itself against nuclear attack , the Russians argue , their retaliatory capacity will be eroded and deterrence undone . However , protocols and political treaties are not sufficient
to boost integration . If we can all work together – Afghanistan , Pakistan , India , the United States , and our allies – I see a possibility of moving beyond the days when a government thinks it needs
extremism as an instrument of policy . In short , structural reforms alone cannot be relied upon to stimulate growth in 2012 . In the mid-1980 s ’ , when wild exchange-rate swings produced calls for new
trade protection measures , the US and Japan found a solution that involved exchange-rate stabilization . In the Scramble scenario , nations rush to secure energy resources for themselves , fearing that
energy security is a zero-sum game , with clear winners and losers . The use of local coal and homegrown biofuels increases fast . Others did so because the banks , shocked by the collapse of the securitization
business , stopped giving them home-equity loans for consumption purposes . No one really expects political advertising to provide citizens with the information they need to assess the candidates merits
’ properly . For the presidential election , however , the practice of holding three televised debates between the two major parties ’ candidates should be an opportunity for a thorough airing of those
issues . From a surplus of 1.4 % of GDP in 2000 , the Bush administration has delivered a deficit of 4.6 % of GDP this year . Of course , such measures will be unpopular with labor and the right response
here is to eliminate large taxes on wages so that money wages can rise without an offsetting decline in competitiveness . Could the troika have done better ? But I continue to have faith that the General
Assembly will know , as always , how to meet this challenge . Let 's wake you up . Each of these programs , or , as we call them , “ social ventures , ” provides societal benefits beyond improving access
to health care or simply donating medicines . The clean emerald field and freedom of the game must be opposed by the howling mob in the darkness of the stands , burning red torches and jerking between ecstatic
joy and hellish misery . Democracies , of course , allow people to use their reason to make choices based on the evidence of their own eyes . When you don ’ t like a government , you can turn the rascals
out without overthrowing the whole system . So how to get good government ? A few tough calls from President Ronald Reagan to Prime Minister Menachem Begin prevented this . Finally , why should tissue donors
be entitled to compensation , as they or their progeny may benefit in the long run from the technological advances to which they contribute ? Even the recent death of Osama bin Laden at the hands of United
States special forces does not indicate anything about American power one way or the other . As markets underpriced risk in order to lend to increasingly indebted countries , pressure on interest rates
diminished . Of course , in very poor countries and regions , where people cannot afford to buy food on world markets , the supply side should not be neglected . Boosting yields of locally grown staple
foods ( rather than cash crops ) would increase self-sufficiency and strengthen resilience when international food prices are high . Prime Minister David Cameron s government ’ announced last July that
it intended to abolish the HFEA by 2014 , along with the Human Tissue Authority , which deals with non-reproductive tissues . Already , the HFEA appears to be attempting to preempt the government by softening
its regulatory touch . If either country adhered to the thinking embodied in the Bush administration 's new nuclear policy , there would be little reason for each not to seek to integrate nuclear weapons
even more deeply into their own contingency plans--and possibly use them . In an audio recording that he sent to journalists earlier this month , he stated that the organization had done nothing to warrant
an amnesty . Silent Momentum on Climate Change For example , between 1978 and 1987 , government regulations produced an improvement of 40 % in the fuel efficiency of new American-made cars . Bond investors
’ heavy reliance on credit-rating agencies , which tend to be laxer with powerful issuers , has not been fixed . The shadow banking sector ’ s dependence on the official banking sector s liquidity and
guarantees ’ , and thus ultimately on the government , has not even been touched . In brief , Sarkozy has sincerely tried to reform a deeply paralyzed country . And he cannot be held responsible for high
unemployment , given the depth of the world crisis . By voting for the fiscal treaty , we can guarantee that stability and support – and thus guarantee continued confidence and investment in the Irish economy
. The Initiative , which involves some 170 financial institutions , also estimates that market financing for clean and renewable energies could reach $ 1.9 trillion by 2020 . It is here where the differences
between Obama and Romney are important . High Tech provides 28 % of East Asian and Pacific regional exports . French and British leaders engaged in a heated quarrel that derailed the subsequent summit ,
before Britain assumed the rotating six-month EU presidency in July . They then could resume offensive operations against the still weak Afghan Security Forces , which have yet to demonstrate much military
effectiveness . He had to flee his country , paving the way for the democratic transition that resulted in the recent election of Ellen Johnson Sirleaf . It was just over four decades ago that urban riots
and mass demonstrations rocked the developed world , ultimately catalyzing far-reaching social and political reforms . A second argument is that higher oil prices are due to lower interest rates and anticipations
of higher long-term prices . That supposedly reduced supply by encouraging producers to store oil in the ground and pump it later . The sociologist Philip N. Howard recently used the term new cold war “
” to describe “ battles between broadcast media outlets and social-media upstarts , which have very different approaches to news production , ownership , and censorship . ” The uneven development of infrastructure
, as a result of priorities skewed to benefit colonialists , can lead to resources being distributed unevenly , which can lead to increasing social fissures . Underdevelopment in many countries of the
South , which are faring poorly in their struggle to remain viable in a globalizing world , creates conditions of desperate poverty , ecological collapse and rootless , unemployed populations beyond the
control of atrophying state systems . They still do . The Syrian National Council ( SNC ) , for example , includes many such figures , and has managed to gain material support from several countries . Success
in these areas would further enhance America s appeal ’ as an industrial center . Fundamental tenets of a democratic society , such as freedom of expression , freedom of assembly , and freedom of the press
are increasingly coming under pressure . And the prosecution of opposition members , which has now culminated in the arrest and detention of former Prime Minister Yuliya Tymoshenko – during an ongoing
trial that most of the West has deemed political seems – to confirm that the rule of law is being brushed aside . Mubarak s departure ’ is a significant but not decisive development . The settlement reached
with North Korea , whereby it will dismantle its nuclear program , and the Annapolis conference for an Israeli-Palestinian peace – with the participation of Syria , a pivotal member of the region ’ s “
axis of evil ” – are two key examples of this trend . France ’ s Presidential Reality Show Some reports described the sandstorms in south central Iraq in the first week of the war as " sent by Allah against
the aggressors . " There are problems north of the Alps as well . Effective central banking is mostly a matter of managing expectations ; for it is expectations regarding future policy , rather than the
current level of overnight rates , that mainly determines long-term rates , other asset prices , and the exchange rate - and hence spending and pricing decisions . When current overnight rates can no longer
be lowered , it is vital that a central bank credibly signal its intention to maintain looser policy in the future , when it will have more room to maneuver . The kneeling act was also followed , just three
days later , by Russian officials going out of their way to help investigate the air crash in Russia that killed Polish President Lech Kaczynski and scores of Polish dignitaries , and to pay respects to
the victims . But they should remember that , only a decade ago , Germany was the sick man “ of Europe , ” and that strong growth and dynamism elsewhere in Europe contributed substantially to its recovery
. Against this background , Saudi leaders remain conspicuously wary of popular empowerment and disruption of the Arab order that they have dominated for the last three decades . For Saudi Wahhabism , in
which absolute power is granted to the royal family by religious mandate , innovative forms of political Islam that anchor legitimacy in genuine representation are a strategic threat . But there is a missing
component in our conception of the economic marketplace : social business . For them finding skilled psychological therapies and therapists is rarely easy , even though in all of these instances the evidence
of effectiveness is beyond dispute . Not surprisingly , workers are leaving the eurozone s crisis countries ’ , but not necessarily for its stronger northern region . Even in the US , a country that fancies
itself as a model of democracy , African-Americans were not truly enfranchised until the mid-1960 s ’ . Both Abu Bakar Ba asyir and Playboy ’ are now out on the streets and in the public eye , but neither
is as significant as its opponents claim . Their releases and the public debate to which they have contributed , however , cut straight to the heart of the ongoing struggle for Indonesia s self-identity
’ – a struggle which has taken a dramatic turn of late . High-income countries also finally agreed to reduce the debt owed by heavily indebted poor countries , allowing them to spend more on health care
and less on crippling payments to creditors . The Congress can rightly take credit for the most far-reaching such program , the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme , which assures
one member in every poor rural family 100 days per year of paid employment . Rapid economic growth in developing countries is helping to alleviate poverty . In China , for example , extreme poverty has
been cut from well over half of the population 30 years ago to around 10 % or less today . Whatever the limits or contradictions of shared values , it would be naive to dismiss their importance . Some of
these countries are good at importing new technologies , and others are not . In order to sustain the peace treaty , Egypt and Israel should renegotiate its military annex to allow Egypt to deploy forces
in previously restricted zones and re-establish full sovereignty over the Sinai . Such a move would strengthen bilateral relations , generate goodwill in Egypt , and increase Israel ’ s confidence in the
Muslim Brotherhood s commitment ’ to peace . Yet the situation cries out for institutional reform , and Germany would benefit from it just as much as the others . While some researchers dedicate their lives
to the search for truth , regardless of any personal gain , many are driven by the hope of academic stardom and the money that comes with it . Early biologists and agriculturists carried out selection for
desired traits , generating poorly understood changes in the organisms ' genetic material . Fast and resolute mitigating action is needed to avoid national disaster . ” In the murky world of the Internet
, attackers are difficult to identify . BERLIN – It has been 20 years since the dissolution of the Soviet Union , which for many historians marked the real end of the short twentieth century “ ” – a century
that , beginning in 1914 , was characterized by protracted ideological conflicts among communism , fascism , and liberal democracy , until the latter seemed to have emerged fully victorious . But something
strange happened on the way to the End of History : we seem desperate to learn from the recent past , but are very unsure about what the lessons are . The Vultures Victory ’ In lower Manhattan s Zuccotti
Park ’ , for example , there is a library and a kitchen ; food is donated ; kids are invited to sleep over ; and teach-ins are organized . Germany ’ s move toward renewable energy is likely to have a much
broader positive impact . Indeed , they have changed the constitution three times since 1987 to ensure that every vote for the Nationalist Party and the Labor Party is given a higher weighting than votes
received by any of the country ’ s other political parties when it comes to translating votes into parliamentary seats . America ’ s difficulties in Afghanistan – and the serious problems it faces in harnessing
Pakistan s government ’ to a more robust fight against the Taliban both at home and in Afghanistan – provide an opportunity for these powers to attempt to shift the dynamics of the Great Game “ ” to their
benefit . In early April , a funeral at St. Mark s Cathedral ’ ( the seat of the Coptic Church in Cairo ) for four Christians killed in sectarian riots days earlier descended into chaos , with thousands
of mourners attacked as they tried to leave after the service . Most governments are poorly equipped to deal with serious water challenges . Water ministries are typically staffed with engineers and generalist
civil servants . We participated in all the major developments in European music , literature , and film ( think of Andrzej Wajda s films ’ from the Solidarity era , such as “ Danton , ” which were French
co-productions ) . But it soon turned out that the managers had little time to spend on Nordbanken s core banking business ’ , because they had to focus disproportionately on handling an enormous variety
of assets . Indeed , access to energy spurs development on many levels – not least in terms of women and their health , safety , and autonomy . Indeed , the continuity delivered by these two men is the secret
of Malaysia 's success as a rapidly developing multi-cultural state . But getting access to sensitive information in transitional democracies is not always easier , as I know from my previous work as a
human rights lawyer with the Romanian Helsinki Committee . Often we had to go to court to force disclosure of information , using Romania s ’ 2001 Freedom of Information Act . The anti-Thaksin factions
have failed to produce a knockout in any recent general election . Street protests to paralyze the government remain their sole weapon . But until and unless the anti-Thaksin civilian elite can convince
the rest of the country that they are serious about winning the hearts and minds of the poor , Thailand will remain on a knife edge between banana republic and failed state . To avoid these shortcomings
in the future , the world s farmers ’ and food processors must be helped to produce more food to meet increasing demand fueled by growth in world population and incomes . Moreover , they must produce more
with less land and water , at reasonable prices , and without damaging natural resources or worsening climate change . I remember when this phrase was last used : in 1991 , when the chairman of the European
Council of Ministers visited what was still Yugoslavia and eagerly accepted the empty promises of Slobodan Milosevic and his clique that they were ready to accept European pleas for a peaceful resolution
to the conflicts there . The assumption that the German economy will accelerate out of its current crawl is essential to confidence in Europe s financial safety net , ’ and to a banking union that credibly
shares risks across the eurozone . On July 29 , many organizations staged a large protest in Cairo s Tahrir ’ to highlight the unity of Egypt s revolutionaries ’ ( whose demands included a public trial
of Mubarak ) . In fact , one would be hard pressed to find broad agreement with Hollande s assessment ’ anywhere in Europe . But the reverse is also true : as soon as the current account swings to surplus
, the pressure from financial markets abates . However , when it came to sharing the burden of emissions reduction among EU member states , the European Commission proposed in January 2008 to change the
base year from 1990 to 2005 . This approach – endorsed as a basis for negotiation in the recent EU Council – amounted to allowing some member states not to fulfill their supposedly binding Kyoto burden-sharing
targets . The sleight of hand works because we assume that the action will cancel all the effects of inaction , whereas of course , nothing like that is true . This becomes much clearer if we substitute
much smaller action than Barroso envisions . Moreover , today ’ s “ warm politics , cool economics trend ” is the reverse of the cold politics “ , warm economics pattern ” under Koizumi . Halappanavar suffered
extreme pain on October 21 . He argues that developing countries have suffered greatly from China s policy ’ of undervaluing its currency , which has made it more difficult for them to compete with Chinese
goods in world markets , retarded their industrialization , and set back their growth . The EU urgently needs a new approach . How can agricultural yields be raised ? What is the best way to develop aquaculture
? Latin America ’ s educational performance is equally weak at the university level . Only when both sides make serious efforts to fix their domestic fundamentals will the imbalances be reduced in a serious
and sustained way . Short-run exchange-rate adjustments simply cannot fix negative long-term trends . Studies have shown that investments in health care can yield a six-fold economic return . To offer but
one example : the global impact of maternal and newborn deaths has been estimated at US $ 15 billion a year in lost productivity . There has been real suffering , particularly among the 330,000 people who
were relocated after the accident . Closing Europe s Defense Deficit ’ In the aftermath of the collapse of communism , Chávez s mix ’ of anti-Americanism and state activism seemed merely eccentric . The single
market is one of the European Union s greatest achievements ’ . Obviously , Dvorak and Wagner are not Zappa and the Stones . But , notwithstanding the occasional bust-ups , Korean and Taiwanese democracies
seem remarkably robust . Economists at Citigroup , for example , boldly concluded that circumstances had never been this conducive to broad , sustained growth around the world , and projected rapidly rising
global output until 2050 , led by developing countries in Asia and Africa . The criticisms of this attitude boil down to a simple question : “ Who is better equipped than I am to make choices about my welfare
? ” Most of the conflicts in today ’ s world have a religious dimension . Small loans empower women by giving them more control over household assets and resources , more autonomy and decision-making power
, and greater access to participation in public life . A return to the Orient and to Islam ? The coincidental combination of the election of Margaret Thatcher in the United Kingdom and Federal Reserve Chairman
Paul Volcker s interest-rate shock ’ of October 1979 ended an era in which inflation had been seen as a solution to social problems . Of course , Germany fails to recognize that successful monetary unions
like the United States have a full banking union with significant risk-sharing elements , and a fiscal union whereby idiosyncratic shocks to specific states ’ output are absorbed by the federal budget
. Now the Erdogan government 's lukewarm support for US policy on Iraq exposes Turkey to doubts about America 's commitment to its economic well being , and global markets may question its ability to service
its $ 100 billion public-sector debt in 2003 and 2004 . Moreover , at a meeting in Beijing earlier this month between Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda and Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao during a trilateral
summit with South Korea , Wen mentioned the independence movement in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region and the Senkaku Islands in the same breath . Neither is likely to be a surprise . Indeed , the idea
was discussed in January at the World Future Energy Summit and the International Renewable Energy Conference in Abu Dhabi . The women , facing a crowd of furious men calling them “ whores ” and other epithets
, marched two miles under a rain of abuse and delivered their petition against the law to legislators . Both houses of Parliament had approved the law , and President Hamid Karzai signed it . The IMF was
originally conceived in 1944 in a world without major private capital flows , one in which states undertook almost all international transactions . Above all , they would insist more often that their counterparties
be well capitalized . But it remains to be seen if the uranium mining in this country can indeed increase further to 18,000 tons in 2010 and to 30,000 tons by 2018 . According to the WNA s latest estimates
’ , from July 2010 , the expected uranium extraction figure for 2010 has actually been decreased to 15,000 tons . For example , visitors and residents alike have long thought of Hong Kong as a beautiful
city clinging to the South China coast . The Euro has experienced a hard but promising start . Providing sustainable energy for all will create new opportunities for women elsewhere as well . But the basic
IMF principle of conditionality was not twisted until unrecognizable . This year has seen an increase in violence Sunni attacks – on the government and on Shia civilians , and , more rarely , but also deadly
, Shia extremist attacks on US soldiers . For those who know these two superb international macroeconomists , as I do , it is evident that these allegations should promptly be dismissed . But there is the
larger question of why the paranoid style has become so prominent . Moreover , the increased supply of high-quality female labor will not incur additional healthcare and pension costs , unlike labor immigration
. If the international financial wizards can get together and act on this idea now , commodity exporters might be able to avoid calamity the next time the world price of their product takes a plunge . The
World Bank should take up the cause . This ambivalence gives rise to a diffuse anxiety : there are certain things that should not be touched , basic mysteries in nature that we tamper with at the risk of
unleashing uncontrollable forces . The Enola case demonstrates that being right is not enough : small farmers , indigenous people , and the poor can t ’ out-last a decade of lawsuits and monopoly . The real
crisis facing Europe is one of economic governance . Eurozone member states have increasingly gone their own way , even overtly defending nationalist economic policies that harm the eurozone as a whole
. But these two cases are at much earlier stages , and their prospects for success more uncertain . The protests mobilized hundreds of thousands of Russians , putting huge pressure on central , regional
, and local government authoritiesfor several months . But Iraq has already degenerated into so many rival factions that apart from the abused prisoners , there is no identifiable entity America has wronged
and to whom it is indebted . For example , spiny dogfish is partly substituting for cod in many European fish-and-chip shops . Without this transformation , the lack of institutionalized mechanisms for voicing
and organizing dissent will eventually produce conflicts that will overwhelm the capacity of the regime to suppress . Political stability and economic growth will both suffer . Other analysts point to the
increasing returns that accompany greater concentration of investment a force – that works to the disadvantage of poor countries . Did Dear Leader Kim Jong-il “ ” suffer a heart attack in bed , or , more
nobly , on a train trip while working for the welfare of his beloved people ? In other cases , people don ’ t realize they need care , or don t ’ follow a doctor s directions ’ when they do . Why are we
( if , indeed , we are ) getting fatter ? Today , however , more than four years into a credit crisis , a conspicuous enigma calls this legacy into question . If you had unwound your bet three years ago
, you would now be sitting pretty as long – as you had gone into cash , of course – because the period since 2006 has undone most of these gains . So if you had held your bank stocks up to the end of last
year , over 110 years your investment would have yielded an annual average return of less than 3 % , still broadly a break-even strategy . The UK authorities have decided to prioritize fiscal consolidation
while running a loose monetary policy to contain risks to the recovery from higher taxes and lower government spending . Bio-fuels essentially take food from mouths and puts it into cars . In China and other
emerging-market economies , delays in policy tightening could fuel a rise in inflation that forces a tougher clampdown later , with China , in particular , risking a hard landing . Of course , financing
rapid urban development requires significant capital outlays to build efficient systems for transport , water provision , solid waste management , and sewage removal and treatment . To put it in economics
jargon , efficiency requires equating the marginal cost associated with allocation ( both in acquiring information about the relative benefits of different projects and in monitoring investments ) with
the marginal benefits . There is no glory on either side of the Israel-Palestine debacle . The US Federal Reserve will carry out more quantitative easing this year , but it will be ineffective : long-term
interest rates are already very low , and lowering them further would not boost spending . There is one bright spot : Ireland , which is set to recover from an exceptionally severe financial crisis . UN
forces in Rwanda in 1994 were Annan 's responsibility before and during the crisis . Indeed , so rapid was the vilification of Chechens that the Czech Republic s ambassador ’ to the US felt compelled to
issue a statement aimed at preventing any confusion among Americans about his country s involvement ’ . · Stronger surveillance by the International Monetary Fund and a firmer commitment by countries to
abide by “ best practices ” and agreed norms . The weakness of the Russian economy and its highly leveraged banks and corporations , in particular , which was masked in recent years by the windfall brought
by spiking oil and gas prices , burst into full view as the global economy tumbled . Saddled with a rust-belt infrastructure , Russia further disqualifies itself with dysfunctional and revanchist politics
and a demographic trend in near-terminal decline . For one thing , the process by which the design decisions are made resembles committee work : most people want a horse , but the push and pull and tug
of negotiation produces a camel . The real threat is not that a radical Saudi Arabia might cease exporting oil , but that it would continue doing so even if the country turned radical . Thatcher ’ s reforms
reinvigorated the private sector , promoted home ownership , lowered taxes on enterprise , deregulated large parts of the economy , and reined in the unions power ’ to use their industrial muscle . Wim
Duisenberg 's appointment as first ECB president in May 1998 was mired in political controversy . As a result , the creation of saints is becoming an important way of retaining the faithful . If Arafat had
taken this road - accepting Israel 's existence , ending terrorism , and confronting Palestinian extremists - the conflict would have ended long ago . At the MIT Media Lab , double-amputee Hugh Herr has
pioneered “ biomechatronics , ” which combines biology , mechanical engineering , and electronics to invent efficient , lifelike prosthetics . People aged 60 or more are projected to increase from 629 million
now to nearly 2 billion by 2050 . The Price of Inequality In fact , under fiscal pressure , the opposite is more likely . In the US , few practical measures that address the distributional challenge appear
to be part of either major party ’ s electoral agenda , notwithstanding rhetoric to the contrary . Such a program would include , first , a traineeship in European firms , followed by the opportunity to
work in Europe for 5-8 years . Yet cities like Hangzhou , Portland , and Vancouver take pride in their green ethos “ ” , and go far beyond national requirements in terms of environmental protection . Overcautious
Obama Yet US gun culture remains as pervasive as it is unrecorded . The state s extensive environmental and energy regulation ’ , including micromanaging carbon emissions , in combination with globalization
, has driven away much of California s manufacturing and many ’ of its middle-class jobs . Iraq is the first instance when the Bush doctrine is being applied and it is provoking an allergic reaction . GENEVA
Europe – ’ s slow-motion sovereign-debt crisis may appear unique , but it is not . Such finger-pointing has a price . This challenge is most striking on trans-boundary rivers in Asia , where China has established
a hydro-supremacy unparalleled on any continent by annexing the starting places of major international rivers – the Tibetan plateau and Xinjiang – and working to reengineer cross-border flows through dams
, reservoirs , barrages , irrigation networks , and other structures . China – the source of trans-boundary river flows to more countries than any other hydro-hegemon – has shifted the focus of its dam-building
program from dam-saturated internal rivers to international rivers after having already built more large dams than the rest of the world combined . The Making of Sputnik With the OECD and the International
Monetary Fund , along with many NGOs and voluntary companies , supporting such rules , opponents – such as the American Petroleum Institute , which has filed a lawsuit against the SEC – are unlikely to
succeed . The problems of the Middle East are much more about politics and culture than about terror versus freedom . But what happens to them ? Prestigious bodies like the G-20 , the IMF , and the OECD join
the markets “ ” and economic columnists in demanding that governments liquidate their deficits . Yet there is perhaps a silver lining in the clouds over New Orleans . Perhaps America , and especially Bush
, will be persuaded to join the rest of the world in the fight against poverty and to protect our planet s environment ’ . Regulators take the view that the impact of higher capital requirements on the
cost of credit to borrowers will be modest , as the overall cost of funds to banks will not rise much . The Palestinian plan already has resulted in an unprecedented diplomatic frenzy . Some westerners ,
while lamenting Ahmedinejad s insensitivity ’ , have struggled to minimize the significance of his Holocaust denial as the fulminations of a misguided fanatic ( as if misguided fanaticism were an incidental
quality in a nation ’ s president ) . This misses the point . “ We fail to translate military presence into political influence , ” says the NATO person , who sounds very much like EU representatives commenting
on the Union s role ’ in the Middle East . “ We have failed to transform economic aid into political influence , ” they lament . But , as Japan ’ s reactors have shown , coastal nuclear-power plants confront
more serious dangers . Perhaps to assuage political fears - and considerations of international law - any plebiscite in the Kurdish region should , initially , have only a consultative status . Vast groups
who live in the West , Western and non-Western fundamentalists , fight the unending Westernization process in the name of tradition . But even if Europe abdicates its global role , the EU cannot forget
about order within its immediate neighborhood , or hope that others will solve their problems for them . Led by Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz , who was formerly with Citibank , the country has carried out
dramatic structural reforms , matching best practices in leading emerging-market economies . The Fire Next Time The peace plan for Cambodia in the early 1990 s ’ , for example , dragged the country back
from hellish decades of horrifying genocide and ugly and protracted civil war . Likewise , the Chemical Weapons Convention , steered through the UN Conference on Disarmament in Geneva , is still the most
robust arms-control treaty related to weapons of mass destruction ever negotiated . That is certainly good news for Venezuela ’ s fledgling democracy , and raises hopes for a genuine democratic contest
. Every civic initiative , every activity of any kind was subject to ideological evaluation and control . Gore s attempt ’ at an answer doesn t ’ stand up to scrutiny . This all may seem to be at variance
with common wisdom . The contract between government and governed imperfect – in rich countries – is often altogether absent in poor countries . But uranium enrichment makes a lot of sense if you want a
nuclear weapon ; indeed , for that purpose , enrichment is indispensable . These measures , plus a reduction in tax revenues , should reduce the primary surplus and contribute to reviving demand . By contrast
, the president has no serious say in foreign policy , which is under the Supreme Leader s direct supervision ’ . Around the world , countries are undergoing transitions to democracy . Facing such constraints
, it must concentrate on a small number of important initiatives , before turning power over to an elected government . Banks and politics are deeply intertwined in all advanced economies . When the sun
failed to shine last winter , one emergency back-up plan powered up an Austrian oil-fired plant to fill the supply gap . Yuri Luzhkov , Moscow 's bumptious mayor , allied his Fatherland Party with All Russia
, a grouping bringing together a majority of Russia 's provincial governors . We need the humanities only if we are committed to the idea of humanity . The euro was promoted as necessary for free trade among
the member countries under the slogan One Market , “ One Money . ” Some members of the ruling administration now want to allow people to voluntarily switch back to the state system , bringing with them
contributions made during their years in the private capitalization system . Yet imposing capital controls on inflows is difficult and sometimes leaky . Macroprudential controls on credit growth are useful
, but sometimes ineffective in stopping asset bubbles when low interest rates continue to underpin generous liquidity conditions . My friend and I looked at each other , trying hard not to show our disapproval
. Strache , the leader of the Freedom Party , wants the government to create a new ministry to manage the deportation of immigrants . Weeks into the crisis triggered by Iran s ’ illegal capture of 15 British
naval personnel , the European Union s irresolute and contradictory approach ’ is making matters worse . By contrast , China has the instruments , resources , incentives , and knowledge to avoid an economic
hard landing and – , unlike Western countries , lacks any significant constituency wedded to lethal ideas like “ expansionary austerity . ” They back Hezbollah – and help Iran send it weapons – because
Sheikh Hassan Nasrallah s shock troops ’ keep the government in Beirut weak . When Mao Zedong purged his most senior Party boss , Liu Shaoqi , during the Cultural Revolution , Liu s wife ’ was paraded through
the streets wearing ping-pong balls around her neck as a symbol of wicked decadence and extravagance . But will Congress act quickly ? Is there a case for a pendulum swing back to the more political powers
, notably the legislature ? Nonetheless , it is argued , whatever the real cost of the damage , developed countries currently cannot afford to provide that kind of money . If they do , the doors to prosperity
will open . Instead , today ’ s poorly regulated financial sectors – China is the biggest culprit misprice capital – . Moreover , banks are too dominant : Asia ( including Japan ) accounts for more than
half of the world s population ’ but barely a quarter of global capital-market capitalization . In 2002 a second referendum was held which reversed the result and saw the Yes side triumph ‘ ’ . A good part
of the explanation for this turnaround was the fact that the government managed to convince enough voters to move from abstention to the Yes camp ‘ ’ ( though the turnout still failed to reach 50 % ) .
All of this suggests that the higher the turnout the greater the likelihood of a Yes win ‘ ’ . The Conservatives have agreed to hold a referendum on whether Britain should change its first-past-the-post
electoral system to an alternative-vote arrangement . But , having met Chávez personally a dozen times , it appears naïve , at least to me , to attribute great significance or conviction to anything he
says – moderate , hard left , or in between . Japan ’ s Rubble Economy Above all , he is a practical man . It does Ahmedinejad no good for Europe to maintain a sense of history that must put it at cross
purposes with Iran . But traditional democratic institutions , such as political parties , parliaments , and consultation committees , are not experienced in coping with such challenges . State-owned companies
now control far more oil and gas reserves than do the traditional private energy companies once known as the seven sisters . In order to make the war paradigm fit “ ” , the Bush administration alludes to
al-Qaeda as a centrally directed enemy . Survival times can thus appear longer , even if the earlier diagnosis had no real effect on survival . The reasons why President George W. Bush chose to go to war
in Afghanistan and Iraq were no doubt complex . But the language used by those wars neo-conservative promoters ’ came straight from the Kennedy era : the spread of democracy , the cause of liberty , and
the universal authority of “ American values . ” The lesson is that markets simply cannot work without accompanying public goods and high-quality government supervision . Greece has massive fiscal and competitiveness
problems , but Greece ( 2.25 % of the population of the European Union ) is smaller than California ( 12 % of the population of the United States ) . And California , too , is suffering massive fiscal
difficulties and declining competitiveness in some of the industries in which Californians were once pioneers . Following this logic , FARC leader Pablo Catatumbo has acknowledged the pain and acts “ of
cruelty ” that the guerillas have committed and has requested a collective pardon that would cover human-rights violations committed by both the FARC and state security forces . Less than 2 % of the European
Union s GDP ’ is devoted to research , compared to 2.5 % in the US and 3 % in Japan . Spending per student on tertiary education is just over $ 9,000 in France , slightly under $ 11,000 in Germany , and
almost $ 12,000 in the UK . There is absolutely no reason to let executives payoffs ’ be based on the happenstance of the stock price on a single day , at best , much less on their ability to use their
access to inside information or control over disclosures . By removing that possibility , we would substantially enhance the benefits of equity-based compensation for the performance of firms – and for
their shareholders . Cancers that are detected early – when they are small and less likely to have metastasized ( spread away from the primary tumor ) – are more likely to be treatable with local therapy
, whereas successful treatment is ultimately unlikely once metastatic tumors develop . And improved therapies mean that patients can be treated with drugs that work better ( and that patients are more
likely to receive the full dose needed ) . The tribe can be a club , a clan , or a nation . Meanwhile , in developed capital markets , we are busily reinventing these macroprudential instruments “ , ” to
use the term now in vogue in Basel . European leaders , even when they are unhappy over US positions , therefore need to combine forceful support for the transatlantic community of interests with discrete
, if firm lobbying in Washington not to strain it to the breaking point . So , as disputes with the West come to a head , it is important to recognize the power shifts underway inside Iran s opaque political
system ’ . But , if more risk builds up through continued expansion of shadow credit , this risk buffer may become inadequate . Some policymakers have concluded from Phelps analysis ’ that the unemployment
rate cannot be lowered permanently without ever-increasing levels of inflation . Long the global economy ’ s most powerful engine , China , many now fear , is running out of fuel . Both the Greek and Italian
public debt remain almost unchanged , despite the fact that both countries have benefited the most from the euro , as their long-term interest rates declined to German levels following its adoption . Yushchenko
has now resumed campaigning , his face partially paralyzed when he spoke to a huge rally of supporters in Kiev last week . Labor unions , once known for their skepticism toward immigration , are increasingly
in favor of pro-immigration reforms . First , success and failure in achieving sustained economic growth appear to be concentrated in time and space . This means that the growth of individual developing
countries depends not only on their domestic economic policies – the focus of debates on economic development in recent decades . CIAT is one of the international centers of the Consultative Group on International
Agricultural Research ( CGIAR ) . The CGIAR system maintains more than 600,000 samples of crop varieties in gene banks , mostly collected from peasant fields . The conflict between the two visions of reform
should not obscure the fact that there is a general consensus in Egypt : substantial reform of some kind is necessary and long overdue . And what of the emerging powers ? China has taken huge advantage
of the global marketplace created above all by the US . But a rate cut would be costly in terms of foregone revenues : each percentage point would reduce corporate-tax revenues by about $ 100 billion over
the next decade . Moreover , recent studies indicate that a significant share of the corporate-tax burden falls on capital , so a reduction in corporate taxes would weaken the progressivity of the tax
system at a time when income inequality is at an all-time high . · Fiscal reform : We desperately need you to eliminate the looming fiscal cliff in the context of medium-term reforms of both the tax system
and entitlements . This would also allow for greater fiscal stimulus at a time when other components of aggregate demand are slowing . They know that they cannot run deficits forever , but they do not want
to say when the painful exit should begin . The country is gradually turning into an industrial bazaar that is relocating its workbench to low-wage ex-communist countries . This is one of the reasons why
the boom of 2006 was incapable of creating additional jobs in German manufacturing ; why Germany still has the OECD s highest unemployment ’ among low-skilled workers ; and why aggregate full-time employment
has not yet returned to its level in 2000 . The possibility that he may run for prime minister in order to prolong his rule when his presidential mandate expires is a logical continuation of this approach
. PARIS Geography – has dealt Europe a mixed hand . That will be the test of his leadership . One of my staff conveyed my answer to Gorbachev . Another Islamist movement , Algeria s Islamic Salvation Front
’ , almost had such an opportunity in 1991 , when it won the first round of a general election . But the military prevented its victory by canceling the second round , triggering a brutal eight-year civil
war in which an estimated 200,000 people died . The two schemes are being carried out under nearly identical conditions – requiring the ESM s approval ’ of a country s reform program ’ – and neither has
been triggered so far . On April 26 , 2007 , the entire network of governance professionals in the Bank wrote in an open letter to the Board and the President that the leadership crisis was eroding the
Bank s credibility ’ and hampering implementation of this vital agenda . A German government coalition that includes the SDP or the Greens ( now a central player in German politics ) could thus accelerate
the reform and integration that the eurozone needs . That would enable Europe , now with the full support of Germany , to recover more rapidly from its economic malaise and to take on the global leadership
role that has eluded it for so long . The whole world has taken note , with Lin being featured on the cover of Sports Illustrated for two consecutive issues . If China maintains its growth momentum over
the next two decades , the global system will face huge challenges . Abu Musab al-Zaraqawi s Al Qaeda ’ offshoot in Iraq demonstrates this well : the group was called Al Qaeda in Mesopotamia for recruitment
and propaganda purposes , but it was quite autonomous organizationally and operationally . When Bin Laden ’ s close collaborator Ayman al-Zawahiri asked al-Zaraqawi to avoid targeting Shiites , al-Zaraqawi
instead escalated the violence against them . That means paying down debt and rebuilding savings , leaving consumer demand mired in protracted weakness . Small cuts are usually delivered evenly , aggravating
all public services , while deep cuts have to be selective and structural . Therefore , they may improve economic efficiency . Record-low interest rates in 2001 , 2002 and 2003 did not lead Americans to
invest more – there was already excess capacity . For example , multinational companies , whether headquartered in the US or elsewhere , accounted for about 84 % of private ( non-bank ) R &amp; D investment
in the US in 2009 , about the same as a decade earlier . Much of Japan s economic malaise ’ in recent years also reflects ( unhedged and unindexed ) debts magnified by deflation since 1999 . But , when examined
against the right criteria , cases that initially look alike are often very different . One of those candidates was Santos , Uribe s former minister ’ of defense , who had delivered some of the military
s ’ hardest blows to the FARC . There was certainly a great deal of this type of sentiment in the 1930 s ’ , when the populist response to the Great Depression attributed it to the sinister forces of “
international capital . ” The modern version of this explanation holds that the world is changing so quickly that national security and , indeed , national identity , are under threat . Embedded in the
larger race are many smaller ones , which jostle for early , impressive results . Several thousand PLA troops are indisputably stationed in the Khunjerab Pass on the Xinjiang border to protect the Karakoram
Highway , which PLA soldiers are now repairing in several places . And this process has been strengthened enormously with the development of DNA identification . After the military coup in 1952 , the Soviets
provided much of the needed aid . This is particularly true of money , which has two prices . Will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us ? The main qualification of two current ministers
is that their parents were ministers . Until then , despite frequently harsh criticism of his performance , the president is seen to have a mandate to govern . Creating meaning and preserving values is probably
the one task that Europe has to undertake on behalf of the entire world . It is our duty as leaders to chart a course for a secure energy future . The radical loser is the kind of young man who feels victimized
by an unfeeling , uncaring world . Lepper 's people are nostalgic for the profitable anarchy of a crippled state . The recent crisis , followed by huge bailouts of financial institutions , has raised questions
about how at least one segment of business – the bankers – make their money . Today ’ s Asia-Pacific region has now become the focus of the global economy . The EU will remain a minor player in Pakistan
. Cynics might call this the old bread-and-circuses routine . But the point is to fix eyes and hearts on a narrative of hope and purpose – to uplift , rather than distract , the public . And his arrest seems
to be just the beginning . For liberals , consumers are king . So , even as economic conservatives demand spending cuts , there are strong forces pushing in the other direction . If there is one thing that
everyone agrees on about the East Asian recipe , it is that Japan , South Korea , Singapore , Taiwan , and of course China all were exceptionally good at moving their labor from the countryside ( or informal
activities ) to organized manufacturing . If the target inflation rate for the eurozone were to be set temporarily at , say 3.5 % , and if the countries with current-account surpluses encouraged domestic
inflation rates somewhat above the eurozone s target ’ , there could be real price adjustment within the eurozone without price deflation in the troubled countries . Is that possible in America today ? This
class , one of the AKP s main pillars ’ of electoral support , does not exist elsewhere in the Middle East . Co-operative regional projects are , today , Africa 's best hope for constructing the type of
infrastructure African economies require . From Cuba and in Caracas , he makes a show of governing , and he puts the transition in context : “ The only transition here , one that we must accelerate and
consolidate , is the transition to the socialist model . ” Some surveys show that the groups involved are doubtful about this . As the global financial crisis transforms itself inexorably into economic crisis
and now industrial crisis , the cry where “ ’ s Europe ? ” can be heard across the EU . In Egypt , for example , if the number of female workers were raised to the same level as that of men , the country
’ s GDP could grow by 34 % . If the war on environmental degradation is to be won , we need a major turnaround . Three areas can help speed progress : If a euro deposited in a Greek bank would be lost through
default and defection , a euro deposited in an Italian bank would immediately be worth less than one in a German or Dutch bank , resulting in a run on the deficit countries banks ’ . One reason for a rise
in the interest rate would be a shift from low deflation to low inflation . Nowadays , the proliferation of social media both facilitates that task and makes it more urgent . As a result , Palin is free
to talk about “ death panels ” – a wholly invented threat of President Barack Obama s health-care reform ’ – and Bachmann can summon the spirit of McCarthy to raise the equally bizarre specter of socialism
s tentacles ’ infiltrating the highest levels of government . Although Russian voters remain more likely to judge political forces by personalities and not devote time to scrutinizing their platforms ,
we believe in the political education of Russia 's people . If the market misbehaves “ , ” farmers could be reduced to poverty , leading to the neglect of large areas of Europe . That is a real enough danger
to which policymakers must give serious thought as they reform the CAP on the basis of the following five pillars . Germany , where combined public and private aid for tsunami victims has reached $ 1.1
billion ( making it the largest international donor ) , says that it would like its aid to be used to foster peace settlements . A worthy goal , but successful models do not come readily to mind . It has
the same effect as taxation , but it works much better . A house divided against itself cannot stand , said Abraham Lincoln . And a Palestine divided against itself will never secure its independence . Since
the lifetime prevalence of a psychotic illness is roughly 1 % of the population , daily cannabis use would increase this to 2 % . It is refreshing that Gore has now changed his view in line with the evidence
. NEW YORK – A glance at Egypt s public finances ’ reveals a disturbing fact : the interest that the country pays on its foreign loans is larger than its budget for education , healthcare , and housing
combined . Thus , BRIC is not likely to become a serious political organization of like-minded states . Consider two issues that have been part of recent bilateral trade agreements pushed aggressively by
the Bush administration . HAIFA Ever – since the Six Day War of June 1967 , a small number of Israelis , not all on the left , supported the idea of two states as a solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict
. Because of their relatively short tenure in one position before promotion ( less than three years , on average , for local mayors ) , Chinese officials are under enormous pressure to demonstrate their
ability to produce economic results quickly . Moreover , Europe has no way of helping those countries facing severe problems . Consider Spain , which has an unemployment rate of 20 % – and more than 40
% among young people . Nationally , we need to experiment with new mechanisms for policymaking and implementation , reconnecting democratic institutions to citizens and emerging networks of civil society
. Regardless of their economic , racial , or political differences , all Brazilians are uplifted by having the best team in the world , winning the World Cup many times , and inventing and reinventing “
the beautiful game . ” Only occasionally was the fighting “ officially reported ” . Access to the area was denied to independent media . The sovereign right of the Irish people to decide their own future
is unchallengeable . Unemployment remains far too high , with alarming levels of long-term and youth joblessness . The government ’ s initial intention was to deflect radical demands for an extreme version
of Islamic governance . Textbooks will be like wikis , with faculty adopters and students modifying text and contributing content . There still may be a role for the author as gatekeeper ; but the textbook
will know longer be the font of wisdom , and its writer will no longer control the table of contents . The Case for India Alas , Sgt.Crowley had never heard of Professor Gates . A local man whose brothers
all serve in the police force , a sports fan , and an amateur basketball coach , Crowley does not move in the same social circles as Gates . Anyone who dreamed of the American way of life now looked stupid
. Against this background , government tax and spending policies , as well as labor-market regulation , should be reformed to help boost female employment . For example , taxing individual rather than family
income – which in many economies imposes a higher marginal tax on the second earner in households – would encourage women to seek employment . Many small countries there have experimented with policies
and institutions that could usefully be adopted by others . The screening process forces applicant countries to take a long , hard look at how close they really are to meeting the accession requirements
, thereby introducing a much-needed dose of realism into their debates about what needs to be done in the years ahead . Obviously , private firms are motivated by self-interest , and that is not necessarily
a bad thing . But this approach establishes a self-limiting pattern , because balance sheets are damaged , demand falters , and expectations have to be adjusted downward . Second , there is an underlying
historical tension between the large Sunni majority and the Alevi-Bektashi minority , loosely linked to Shia Islam . Otherwise , Russians will come to view being accorded " market economy " status as just
another broken promise on the part of the West . Research shows that non-fossil fuel energy sources will based – on today ’ s availability get – us less than halfway toward a path of stable carbon emissions
by 2050 , and only a tiny fraction of the way towards stabilization by 2100 . China should certainly grant Tibet more autonomy ; but is pumping up the Dalai Lama into a world leader or threatening to boycott
the Beijing Olympics the best way to secure a better deal for Tibetans , or to obtain Chinese cooperation on matters that are far more important than Tibet s status ’ ? Part of the confusion of the public
debate reflects different population trends in different parts of the world . We understandably focus on the problem , and then take for granted that a global carbon-reduction deal is the only logical solution
. But the more significant strategy is to alter government policies in ways that will lead to higher spending by Chinese consumers , and that raise the level of those government outlays , like health care
, which directly benefit Chinese households . In Britain , however , the opposite is taking place . But this perspective , while entirely correct , is also incomplete . There are as many reasons to strive
towards “ ever closer union ” in Europe today as there were back in 1945 , and they are entirely forward-looking . Compare this to the major economies of the Western world . The eurozone s GDP ’ remains
mired below 2008 levels , and the United States last enjoyed Chinese-style growth back in 1984 , when gasoline was $ 1.10 a gallon and the first Apple Macintosh was rolling off the production line in California
. Romania 's most vicious anti-Semitic and ultra-nationalist politician , Corneliu Vadim Tudor , is trying hard to persuade people that he has changed his ways . He later argued that Danone should be considered
“ French ” because its milk collection “ and its water sources are in France . ” But Danone s own filings ’ indicate that only 22 % of its global sales and less than 14 % of its global workforce are in
France . When the rains fail , the grasses shrivel , the livestock die , and communities face starvation . The Security Council resolution presupposes – in addition to separating the combatants – the enforcement
of the internal and external sovereignty of Lebanon ’ s elected government of Lebanon , without saying how this is to be accomplished with a politically strengthened Hezbollah , militarily superior to
the Lebanese forces . The first are relatively small , composed of cities and their surrounding areas , generally with a population of 5-7 million people . Roughly 25-30 % of Roma are under 15 years of age
, in contrast with 10 % of the majority population . With domestic issues and re-election anxieties now dominating most political agendas , it will be all too easy for commitment to wane . Chávez responded
with intransigence , seeming to think that his hold on power depended on whether he could still turn out a big crowd . Some people in Russia--traditional leftists and corrupt bureaucrats afraid of a more
open system--indulge in anti-American rhetoric . But what is of real concern is the gap between the economy 's potential and its actual performance . Unfortunately , there is no reason to be optimistic . America
the Unequal The Bush Administration felt betrayed by French diplomatic tactics at the United Nations , while French President Jacques Chirac felt confirmed in his mistrust of the sole superpower and his
call for a multipolar world . The ease of communications and travel today enables expatriates to be engaged with India in a way that was simply not available to the plantation worker in Mauritius or Guyana
a century ago . But without them , the stream of new antiretroviral products used to fight AIDS would not have flowed , because the incentives for developing new drugs would be lacking . The modern sense
of building a pan-Asian community began with the traumatic East Asian financial and economic crisis of 1997 , when all the countries of the Asia-Pacific region learned the hard way that national reforms
and protections could turn out to be woefully inadequate . NEW YORK – Does monarchy constitutional monarchy – , that is , not the despotic kind – have any redeeming features left ? The arguments against
maintaining kings and queens are mostly quite rational . In such a situation , growth ought to be at the top of the policy agenda . Will the Global Economy Add Up ? Colombian goods already enjoy virtual free
entry to the US market , while Colombian consumers would benefit enormously if their country were to reciprocate by opening its markets to US goods and services . This has not happened – one of countless
examples of obstacles faced by US companies around the world . Yes , I did not ask Hal what , exactly , he planned to do with my money ( would he use it to fix his plumbing , to help his business , or would
he waste it somehow ? ) . The mere fact that Francis is Latin American is bad news for the region s populist governments ’ – not only Argentina , but also Venezuela , Bolivia , Nicaragua , Ecuador , and
Cuba . But there is one great source of optimism : today Germany is the loser in Europe , viewed by the French and even Italians as the losers overweight — and immobilized by bureaucracy and regulation
. From the mid-nineteenth century , the best minds went into politics , not business . In any event , it is a huge mistake to base long-term tax policies on the short-run business cycle . Japan s government
’ and National Security Council plan to revise the country s National Defense Program Outline ’ ( NDPO ) by the end of this year . The Kremlin continues its propaganda offensive against Georgia , and has
vetoed prolonging the mandate for United Nations observers in Georgia and Abkhazia . One solution , favored by some Washington think tanks , is to go along and ask for more . Those investments will drain
most of the country s domestic savings and ’ sustain high demand for imports . Reckless budget deficits can lead to a weak currency ; so can low interest rates . Otherwise , the global development agenda
could lose its relevance , and thus its grip on stakeholders . Northern governors could , for example , offer the southern states a larger share of Nigeria 's oil revenue in exchange for their support for
a northern president . After all , most men in that city would not beat a young couple with metal pipes and rape the woman to death . Hundreds of thousands of Indians are demonstrating in the streets to
show their loathing of such atrocities . A key lesson of 9 / 11 is that hard military power is essential in countering terrorism by the likes of Bin Laden , but that the soft power of ideas and legitimacy
is essential for winning the hearts and minds of the mainstream Muslim populations from whom Al Qaeda would like to recruit . A smart power strategy “ ” does not ignore the tools of soft power . Its troops
were on the road to Cairo , threatening to inflict a major defeat on Egypt . Will it take a military coup to acknowledge that the situation is untenable ? Willem Buiter of the University of Amsterdam and
Anne Sibert of the University of London believe that it is the ECB s willingness ’ to , in effect , accept all euro-zone debt as collateral that has undermined the market s willingness ’ to be an enforcer
of fiscal prudence . But this comparison does not bear serious examination . At the HERA accelerator , the scattering of electrons on protons was studied at the highest energies ever for this type of experiment
. And here we return to the concept of “ Asian values , ” originally developed in Singapore and Malaysia . International observers took such notice of Draghi s commitment ’ to do “ whatever it takes ” to
save the euro because so many of them have come to doubt other leading European players ’ commitment to do likewise . Another squandered legacy -- with serious political consequences -- was the relative
equality bequeathed by Communism . After one recent disaster , in which more than 100 civilians died , the Pentagon immediately insisted that such bombing operations would continue . A recent survey showed
overwhelming Pakistani opposition to US military incursions into their country . After all , we Israelis change our positions , mitigate our opinions , and open ourselves up to new ideas . His companions
, however , remain unconvinced and seem resigned to failing to find an alternative to the neo-liberal taxation model for paying the foreign debt . Moreover , sea levels along the US northeast coast are
rising up to four times faster than the global average , making the region more vulnerable to storm surges and flooding . Nowadays , we are witnessing the application of Sun s ’ ideas in Africa , where
China s prime objectives ’ are to secure energy and mineral supplies to fuel its breakneck economic expansion , open up new markets , curtail Taiwan s influence ’ on the continent , consolidate its burgeoning
global authority , and clinch for themselves African-allocated export quotas . An industry with high fixed costs and near _ zero variable costs has another characteristic : it tends to monopolize . The
rule _ of _ thumb in high technology has been that the market leader makes a fortune , the first _ runner _ up breaks even , and everyone else goes bankrupt . Yet , despite these developments , overall
progress remains insufficient . Moreover , Romney s promise ’ to charge China , America s third-largest export market ’ , with currency manipulation , and to impose large tariffs on Chinese imports , would
almost certainly invite retaliation , causing a decline in US exports and jobs . But , while inflation is very likely to remain low for the next few years , I am puzzled that bond prices show that investors
apparently expect inflation to remain low for ten years and beyond , and that they also do not require higher interest rates as compensation for the risk that the fiscal deficit will cause real interest
rates to rise in the future . Moreover , hedge fund managers can easily fake “ ” high performance without getting caught . It came from the military . Lt. Gen. Ahmad Shuja Pasha , the head of the ISI , canceled
his planned visit to London , where he was to discuss intelligence matters , while the civilian leadership seemed to dither . MOSCOW – Most people who know of me think of me as an information-technology
expert , someone who probably lives in California and invests in edgy Internet start-ups . Until house prices stabilize , these securities cannot be valued with any confidence . And that means that the
financial institutions that own them cannot have confidence in the liquidity or solvency of potential counterparties – or even in the value of their own capital . Unfortunately , it is not ; much government
support remains , implicitly through allowing banks to be “ too big to fail , ” and explicitly through various kinds of backing provided by the Federal Reserve . Most obviously , as many trades move from
the banks to the clearinghouse , the clearinghouse itself will become a systemically vital institution . For better or worse , the fact that the most severe political and social turbulence is yet to come
at least means that Europe will be unable to afford the dithering and half-measures that produced Japan ’ s lost decade . Plenty of carbon dioxide will be emitted into the atmosphere as the world s climate
’ negotiators fly to and from the Montreal meeting . There are some Palestinians there , too , including a couple of boys selling fresh orange juice . But a deeper question about the nature of Austria 's
political / economic system remains unanswered . The consequences of this re-ordering of power are not yet clear . There were significant profit opportunities for financial intermediaries that could find
spare risk-bearing capacity , carve out securities to take advantage of it , and thus take a middleman ’ s cut from matching risks with investors who could gain from bearing them . But the advent of derivatives
concentrated risk rather than dispersing it , for there was even more money to be made by selling risk to people who did not know how to value it – or , indeed , what risks they were bearing . Or do you
begin to consider more seriously the increasingly mainstream proposition that global megabanks and their leaders have simply become too powerful and dangerous ? British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher
limited herself to worried public statements , but French President François Mitterrand felt it necessary to improvise a visit to East Berlin , against the opinion of his Foreign Ministry and despite the
French people ’ s great enthusiasm for German reunification . China has taken huge advantage of the global marketplace created above all by the US . Only this model has any chance of persuading societies
that still view democracy with suspicion and hostility . As well as happily receiving requests from individual social , political or military representatives within the target areas , the USAID-sponsored
program invited NGOs to submit their own proposals . Such reluctance is understandable , for the choice is almost like being forced to choose death over life . Ferguson is correct that the US will have to
come to terms with its budget deficit to maintain international confidence , but , as I show in my book The Future of Power , doing so is within the range of possible outcomes . America enjoyed a budget
surplus only a decade ago , before George W. Bush ’ s tax cuts , two wars , and recession created fiscal instability . Habeas corpus , Latin for “ you have the body , ” is an old English common law principle
incorporated into the US Constitution to ensure freedom from unlawful detention by the state . The view that Li will tolerate slower growth only above a particular threshold is based on the belief that
GDP growth below 8 % would hurt economic development more than it helped , and lead to social instability . Encouraging foreign investment or liberalizing everything and then waiting for things to improve
does not work . The simple theory of profit maximization assumes away the conflicting interests of diverse shareholders . Doesn t investment ’ mean improving people ’ s lives ? Indeed , the value of attention
can be monetized , and a contract requiring someone to pay attention ( by , say , giving a speech or appearing at a photo opportunity ) can be bought and sold . It also sets establishes the contours of
a legal framework for action against misuse of civilian nuclear technology for military purposes and reflects an emerging consensus , seen in meeting after meeting , that the time has come to increase
pressure on countries that fail to respect these principles . Some 42 agreements were reportedly penned at the meeting , on issues ranging from outstanding trade and economic matters to the launch of a
human rights commission . At least 72 people were killed in the attack . How much that toll increases , and how graphic investigators will be in describing the scenes they encounter , remains to be seen
. Enhanced European capabilities would allow America to leave many instabilities in and around Europe in the care of its allies . The costs of a hypothetical project – including construction , resettlement
of people living in the dam s way ’ , and carbon emissions – would come to about $ 3.1 billion . Among its many innovations were a paternalistic approach to saving and use of the price mechanism to defeat
urban traffic congestion ( an approach later adopted by London ) . It sometimes happens that a drastic action designed to prevent an unacceptable disaster may make the disaster worse . Catastrophic disasters
associated with climate change are easy to invent , but the effects of remedial actions may be difficult to predict . Europe also can provide a roadmap for politicians determined to move from being anti-market
left-wingers in opposition to reform-minded statesmen holding power . In the long term , this will be disastrous for greater European cooperation , because public support will whither . A New York-based
firm , the Assura Group , has been working for four years on a plan to launch privately issued supplemental unemployment insurance to anyone . Their policies would piggyback on US state unemployment insurance
programs , allowing Assura to avoid getting into the monitoring business . But the US is also unhappy with the way the dollar standard is functioning . Whereas other countries can choose to intervene in
order to stabilize their exchange rates with the world s principal reserve currency ’ , the US , in order to maintain consistency in rate setting , does not have the option to intervene , and lacks its
own exchange-rate policy . Looking at Egypt s prospects ’ realistically , one should not exclude the possibility that the two strongest forces in the country – the military and the Muslim Brotherhood –
ultimately will find a way to share power . The Brotherhood s vision ’ of democracy is purely majoritarian , not liberal : winning an election , according to its spokespeople , permits the victor to rule
according to his views . At a time when carbon emissions are rapidly rising worldwide , this gigantic carbon-capture machine is , like agricultural land , one of the essential elements of global climate
control . Likewise , Libya s Muammar Khaddafi ’ may be succeeded by his son , Seif el Islam . Any organization that has not provided democratic mechanisms for change and renewal tends to age and become monotonous
and ineffective . How long will the war last and how does it relate to civil liberties and alliances ? Bombing is not an option for fighting terrorist cells in Hamburg , Singapore , or Detroit . At the same
time , in much of the Muslim world , authoritarian regimes typically attempt to control and propagate exclusionary forms of Islamic dogma . The Arab Peace Initiative , combined with the long-term development
of a Water and Energy Union , offers the necessary basis to meet the needs of the region s peoples ’ and mitigate future conflict . How could the public-health authorities override medicine ’ s basic ethical
rule – “ First do no harm ” ? Why was informed consent from the research “ subjects considered ” unnecessary ? And , worldwide , it is clear that if politicians do not respond to demands for fairness ,
freedom , a more prosperous future , and government that actually serves the people , the protests will continue . But the fact that the dollar has continued to slide while gold prices have continued to
rise suggests considerable skepticism from markets . Here was a victory they could celebrate . After years of guilt and deprivation , the Germans were back , as it were . The captured carbon is then pumped
into underground storage sites such as empty oil fields and other suitable locations . What Greenspan suggests is that the labor market flexibility gap between the US and Europe may be more important in
explaining relative economic performance than the alleged technology gap . But that is merely another erroneous ( not to mention amoral ) assumption . The alliance between Syria and Iran dates back more
than two decades , and was explicitly reaffirmed by the two ruling regimes as recently as January 2005 . The Worldly Philosophers This network operates on the basis of political favors , collusion , regulatory
capture , and the maintenance of privileges that the government offers in public-sector unions in return for political support . I am puzzled that so many economic pundits seem to think that the solution
is for all governments , rich and poor , to pass out even more checks and subsidies so as to keep the boom going . Keynesian stimulus policies might help ease the pain a bit for individual countries acting
in isolation . But the fundamental problem remains Europe s vulnerability ’ over energy : an emerging divide and rule strategy over the supply of gas that must be confronted head on . Abroad , Merkel has
no need to demonstrate that Germany is a big country in Europe ; her partners are fully aware of this . But it is also more than just a normal country : Germany remains central to holding together the
two international institutions that will continue to assure its well-being , the European Union and the Atlantic alliance . Until November , divided government and contentious campaigning will most likely
prevent significant policy moves . But , following the election , taxes and spending , trade policy , federalism , regulation , and defense will take a different course – how different depends on who wins
– with important implications for America ’ s fiscal position , external balance , and much else , including its relations with the rest of the world . The weaker a country s institutions ’ , the more evident
the inequalities , and the more concentrated the economic resources , the greater the caudillo s powers ’ will be . In Afghanistan and Iraq , the US and its allies knew that long-term victory required winning
hearts and minds . But mistakes in the early years of those wars complicated that already-difficult battle . It is not that politicians were bought “ ” in a simple sense ; rather , they convinced themselves
that financial innovation opened the gate to greater general prosperity , increased home ownership , and , of course , popular support in elections . After all , they ( or some of them ) argue , the real
GDP of the United States is growing by $ 400 billion per year , with about $ 270 billion going to labor and $ 130 billion to capital . Even after depreciation , that $ 130 billion of extra annual income
is capitalized at about $ 1.5 trillion of wealth , so the current-account deficit , even at $ 1 trillion , is not overwhelmingly large . For example , France remains unwilling to accept a fundamental reform
of the EU 's Common Agricultural Policy ( CAP ) , of which it is the chief beneficiary . Last fall , Germany , the largest contributor to the EU budget , accepted a compromise prolonging the present CAP
for a decade . But October 3 is only the beginning . Further down the chain of supervision , research institutions are designated to manage “ ” their own conflicts of interests as well as those of their
investigators . A government cannot liquidate its deficit if the source of its revenues , the national income , is diminishing . It is deficit reduction , not debt , that is profligate , because it implies
wastage of available human and physical capital , quite apart from the resulting misery . Much has already been achieved since the crisis , through more resources for the IMF and new financing instruments
. But more is needed , and the Fund is exploring cooperation with regional financing mechanisms , as well as new ways to use its instruments in a systemic crisis . The risks will undoubtedly grow if sub-national
authorities and private-sector entities gain similar access to the international capital markets , which could result in excessive borrowing . The change was so notable that many policymakers fell into
the trap of projecting a quick rebound , especially given America s prior history ’ of economic dynamism and resilience , only to be humbled by what has proven to be a protracted and complex process of
recovery . From his first days in office , Ban emphasized that many or most of the world s greatest challenges ’ come down to a simple yet stark reality : we are now a crowded , interconnected , global
society , with seven billion people struggling to find a foothold on a highly vulnerable planet . The challenges of feeding the world , keeping it safe from epidemic diseases such as malaria and AIDS ,
and combining economic progress with local and global environmental safety are the defining challenges of our time . Holland has played by the stability pact rules but , so far , the big countries -- France
, Italy and Germany-- have been getting a free pass from the responsible authorities . His latest product , the cleverly named Mailstrom , seems almost retro in this age of social messaging : it helps you
manage your email . But , unlike some new tools that guess – usually inaccurately – whose mail is important to me , Mailstrom does an excellent job not only of categorizing my mail , but also of helping
me to get rid of it by applying my own intelligence and willpower – . Hence it would be premature for India to open up its capital account immediately . Israeli settlers and their supporters then gather
even more energy to expand onto more Palestinian land , build more exclusively Jewish settlements , and destroy more Arab homes before the so-called freeze “ ” comes into effect . On the night of October
15 , 2011 , I lay awake listening to the Kenyan military convoys passing through the border town of Dadaab on their way to Somalia to launch the first foreign military campaign in Kenya s history ’ . On
the contrary , the remarkable resilience of the euro s exchange rate ’ vis-à-vis all other major currencies demonstrates enduring faith in the euro s viability and stability ’ . If it is clear who will
vote for which measure , there will be increased demand for a public debate about who should be chosen : why not elect the MPC , since it is effectively a monetary government ? It was Fischer who fought
for ( and won ) support among the Greens to send German forces to Bosnia and now , perhaps , to Kosovo . As a result , the public is paying increasing attention to the newly created Japan Restoration Party
( JRP ) and its populist leader , Osaka City Mayor Toru Hashimoto , a former governor of Osaka prefecture and the son of a minor Yakuza ( mafioso ) . Nor will consumers find any uniform standards for loans
or other financial guarantee agreements in the EU . This lack of uniformity is preventing both banks and consumers from doing more cross-border business , and it is where policymakers must act ; only harmonized
rules and EU-wide standards will eliminate costly and time-consuming compliance with different national regimes . None of this could be further from the truth . Both sides must take care that an incident
concerning Taiwan does not lead in that direction . Americans and Chinese must avoid letting exaggerated fears create a self-fulfilling prophecy . In this context , the recent offer by the state-controlled
China National Offshore Oil Co . , China s number three oil producer ’ , to pay $ 18.5 billion US petroleum producer Unocal – trumping a $ 16.5 billion bid by America ’ s own Chevron – was only the most
jolting wake-up call . By linking together , and putting their curricula online , the world s universities ’ can become even more effective in discovering and promoting science-based solutions to complex
problems . In short , laissez-faire and international technocracy does not provide a plausible alternative to the nation-state . Consider just the profits from cocaine sales in North America , which , according
to the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime ( UNODC ) , total roughly $ 35 billion . To some donors , Georgia might not seem to be worth the cost . The world will have changed once the global economic
crisis is over , and the Europeans will not be able to complain about it then . For several other violators - such as China , Algeria , Uzbekistan , Vietnam and Saudi Arabia - the CHR couldn 't even muster
the will to put their abuses on its agenda . After its 1986 tax overhaul , the United States had one of the lowest corporate tax rates among OECD countries . While the role that outside powers like the US
can play in affecting political reform in Iran is limited , the Obama administration faces two fundamental challenges in its Iran policy . During Soviet times , Byelorussia was an assembling room “ ” of
Soviet industrial production . Thanks to our television , we have of course been able to witness signs of progress elsewhere . In 2009 , we face a similar set of circumstances . But you cannot argue that
these groups did not increase their spending , and that their increased spending did not pull large numbers of Americans – roughly two million in each case – into productive and valued employment . This
concept is a legacy of Judeo-Christianity , and in the 18 th century the earliest evolutionists--people like Charles Darwin 's grandfather , Erasmus--framed their ideas within the context of this religious
account of origins . Over the last few decades , the country has used mining revenues to pave roads , strengthen law enforcement , advance education , and revitalize cities and towns . French Prime Minister
Pierre Mendès-France , who in the 1950 s ’ withdrew his country from war in Vietnam and colonization in Tunisia , famously said that governing is choosing . For example , we know that we should lower interest
rates and inject liquidity to fight stagnation , and that we should raise policy rates and banks cash-reserve ratios ’ to stifle inflation . Sometimes we rely on our judgment in combining interest-rate
action with open-market operations . Evidence-Based Economics Donald Payne , a leading member of the US House Foreign Affairs Committee , and Ana Gomes , a member of the European Parliament from Portugal
and head of the EU s observation team ’ in the 2005 elections , have sought to tie non-humanitarian aid more closely to Ethiopia s ’ conduct on press freedom and other human rights . And identifying causes
means starting with the evidence . That makes him a jerk , and presumably we will soon find out whether he is also a rapist according to Swedish law . The G-8 promised that , by this year , it would increase
annual development assistance to the world ’ s poor by $ 50 billion relative to 2004 . Unlike the United Kingdom or Denmark , the new members cannot opt out of the euro . With the latest forms of electronic
money we can sell millions of little things , to millions of different people all over the world . NEW YORK – A country s economic success ’ depends on the education , skills , and health of its population
. Friedrich Nietzsche said that if you look in the eye of the Devil for too long , you risk becoming a devil yourself . Perhaps Hamilton was too much the optimist . Naturally , all guarantees would be conditional
on Brazil abiding by the IMF agreement . Ask Prime Minister Vladimir Putin , or any official of his United Russia party , and you will be told , “ Of course it is over . ” What was needed was cancelation
of reparations and inter-Allied war debts as a whole , together with a big reconstruction loan to put the shattered European economies back on their feet . LONDON – With humanity s millennia-old focus ’
on collective survival no longer a primary concern , a few fortunate societies in the West have become preoccupied with matters of human , or individual , rights . They could issue a Financial Stability
Report that bluntly flags weak policies and financial vulnerabilities . Despite the Bush campaign 's efforts at spin control , the situation in Iraq is dire . It is in this context that the debate about
gene doping erupted during the 2004 Olympics in Athens . Even though many of them might not have studied the local culture , they can nonetheless provide guidance that has been informed by the world ’ s
most expensive infrastructure . At the same time , relief efforts should be managed by a local science center that is known and trusted by those in danger . It certainly did not prevent an accelerated arms
race . The subject is abstruse . No one outside academia has taken any interest in it for the last 20 years . Even if some American officials are irritated by French sales of sophisticated military equipment
to Russia , no one has dared to complain openly . But who was holding the prescribers to such standards ? Doubtless , their understanding of impairment was looser than that of the task force . In light of
today s crisis ’ , what is the likelihood of such reforms actually being implemented ? This is an important quarrel , because it is the first real clash in the debate on climate and trade . In addition ,
the excessive violence in Libya might send the message to other peoples in the region that the cost of change is too high to pay , and that the relatively peaceful transitions seen in Egypt and Tunisia
might not be replicable . The Germans and the French , who 60 years ago loved each other about as much as Serbs and Bosnians do today , are now a married couple . In a world where capital is free to flow
across international boundaries , the crisis in the US has spread to Europe . Considering the evidence on display in Iraq , Syrian leaders must be wondering whether the Bush administration is capable of
thinking in these terms . That reception was , of course , intended to nurture India s collective ego ’ , which had sensed a Sino-centric tilt to American policy ever since Obama became president . Today
, the most important issue facing Nato concerns whether or not to admit the Baltic states Estonia – , Latvia , and Lithuania – now , after some delay , or never . The $ 240 billion fund is small , amounting
to only about 1.5 % of the region s GDP ’ . Lessons from previous banking crises around the world could have been learned faster . Were Iran to agree to this offer , its suspension of nuclear research in
Natanz while negotiations are ongoing would be the litmus test of its sincerity . The billboards were " them " communicating in our common space , exchanging messages , as it were , over our heads . The
agreement was shaped by Anglo-American dialogue , with occasional mediation from France and Canada . But Europe is not alone in its estrangement from the United States under President George W. Bush 's
leadership . Among the vast list of unforeseen consequences springing from the US fiasco in Iraq is the vital fact that , across Latin America , anti-Americanism is on the rise and is rapidly generating
myriad grim effects on the region 's politics . US Secretary of State John Kerry is set to visit Beijing in the coming days . Some FM stations have been locked down and are silent . The country ’ s National
Election Tribunal , having overturned the outcomes of several provincial elections , may well annul the results of last year s presidential race ’ , forcing him to run for president all over again . In
the last quarter of 2012 , the long-expected rebound in growth finally materialized . I , for one , never doubted that it would . SEOUL – The long-delayed meeting of North Korea s ruling Worker s Party
’ ’ is now underway , and comes at a time of severe tension between North Korea and the international community . When this bizarre statement , with its racist undertones , threatened to become a scandal
, Romney quickly distanced himself from it . According to a study by the Insurance Information Institute , expenditures on non-life insurance in 2003 amounted to only 0.83 % of GDP in Indonesia , 1.19 %
of GDP in Thailand , and 0.62 % of GDP in India , compared with 5.23 % of GDP in the United States . In the end , a formulaic compromise will be found to include both in the statement . While Bush s invasion
’ of Panama to capture ( and later put on trial ) Manuel Noriega may have violated Panamanian sovereignty , it had a degree of de facto legitimacy , given Noriega ’ s notorious behavior . And , when Bush
organized his international coalition to prosecute the Gulf War , he included several Arab countries – not to ensure military success , but to boost the mission s legitimacy ’ . Fourth , reform of US housing
finance remains unfinished business . The Bretton Woods-GATT regime entailed a shallow form “ ” of international economic integration that implied controls on international capital flows , which Keynes
and his contemporaries had viewed as crucial for domestic economic management . Countries were required to undertake only limited trade liberalization , with plenty of exceptions for socially sensitive
sectors ( agriculture , textiles , services ) . America ’ s governance crisis is the worst in modern history . Some critics object that a collapse of US Treasuries and a dollar crash are not the same . However
, seats in parliament , not percentages of the vote are what matters , owing to Britain ’ s winner-take-all electoral system based on single-member constituencies , which encourages political parties to
gravitate to the center . A volatile electorate can replace last time ’ s winner , but both can try to persuade voters and govern without having to go to extremes to gain a majority . If the fact that we
are the only human species left on earth is the result of an historical accident rather than Darwinian competition , we can open our minds and accept that we share some of our " culture " with both our
living and no longer living relatives . The recent work by Rajan , Stiglitz , Kumhof and Ranciere , and others explains the apparent paradox : those at the very top financed the demand of everyone else
, which enabled both high employment levels and large current-account deficits . The case for doing so can best be shown by Britain , where the situation is particularly delicate . He noted that the Chinese
held foreign commerce Ain the utmost contempt . @ While China retreated into a shell , Europe exploded on the world scene . Since the Christian Democrats do not agree , the government has fallen . We need
, therefore , to revisit today ’ s global challenges from a Third-World perspective . Indeed , a fundamental lesson of terrorist attacks and insurgencies , we now know , is that no nation , however self-sufficient
, can afford to remain heedless of whether others sink or swim . How did the Swedes deal with their financial crisis ? For the first time , an entire state leadership was put on trial for its crimes , as
its representatives and henchmen were brought to justice . While after-tax wage rates soared for more than a century , wealth and the income it brought grew just as fast . The resurgence of TB has become
a grave health emergency , and the world can no longer afford to be lethargic in addressing it . Of course , the euro is no panacea , nor has it functioned perfectly over the last decade . The nuclear power
crisis at Japan s Fukushima power plant ’ has served as a dreadful reminder that events thought unlikely can and do happen . Moreover , the international system is increasingly coalescing around national
powers that consider military force to be an essential prerequisite of influence . Yet badgering or jailing journalists is no way to resolve what could be handled through a voluntary media council or independent
ombudsman . But at the same time the OSCE is condemning these anti-democratic practices , its own Parliamentary Assembly maintains full-fledged cooperation with the Belarusian parliament . Indeed , the
OSCE treats the Lukashenka-controlled parliament in the same way it does any EU parliament . Epigenetics can potentially be used to explain the root causes of many diseases that scientists have so far struggled
to understand , from asthma to allergies to autism . Active surveillance programs are an encouraging prospect for minimizing the negative consequences of PSA testing . But , without vastly improved screening
practices , prostate cancer screening is unlikely to help – and can even do serious harm . The OMT program was a serious commitment , and markets interpreted it that way , especially as German Chancellor
Angela Merkel backed it , despite opposition from the Bundesbank . Although corruption is pervasive , no top official has been prosecuted . So the Japanese started to intervene to weaken the yen . In any
case , America is the first country in the recession-stricken part of the global economy where public stimulus has led to enough private investment and growth that fiscal consolidation has become possible
. Instead , they emphasized harsh austerity , which was to be pursued everywhere . On the Palestinian side , Mahmoud Abbas ’ s Palestinian Authority lost control in 2006 of the Gaza Strip – now ruled by
an illegitimate Hamas-led government – and thus cannot speak anymore for all Palestinians . A well-functioning market is required to provide incentives to domestic firms to align their investment choices
with the country ’ s comparative advantages . Meanwhile , the poor countries are told that there is little left for them . Global , because the array of services that natural ecosystems provide , such as
clean air and fresh water , benefit people far beyond national borders . Even the common currency has so far not really caught on ; it is useful , but somehow " foreign . " The end of communist autocracies
in the Soviet Union , Yugoslavia , and even Czechoslovakia brought about a dramatic wave of state creation . The public blames the LDP s inability ’ to control the bureaucracy , if not its complicity with
it . Deep down , Greenspan must have believed that he was allowing Adam Smith ’ s “ invisible hand ” to deliver the public good . This list of worries is not meant to discourage , but to challenge . Development
is held back by too little government , too much government , too little credit , the absence of property rights , and so on . The remedy is planning , the Washington Consensus , microcredit , or distributing
land titles to the poor . They cite the southern European countries chronic external deficits ’ . They highlight the eurozone s institutional deficits ’ – a single currency and a central bank but none of
the other elements of a well-functioning monetary union . Tsipras might be “ impetuous , ” as his mainstream adversaries from the center-left Pasok and the center-right New Democracy would say , but he
is not irrational . His is a rather sober reading of reality : the austerity plan has become a highway to social hell for his countrymen , and would likely condemn Greece to long years of ruinous depression
within a permanent debt trap , and possibly to a breakdown of democracy . If we could have more confidence in our regulators and supervisors , we might be more relaxed about all the other problems . Fixed
mortgages , with interest rates at 6 % , were replaced with variable-rate mortgages , whose interest payments were tied to the lower short-term T-bill rates . The United Kingdom s Ministry ’ of Defense
has projected that by 2030 the population of the Middle East will increase by 132 % , and that of sub-Saharan Africa by 81 % , generating an unprecedented youth bulge “ . ” Postponing the exit after the
June election with a new government committed to a variant of the same failed policies ( recessionary austerity and structural reforms ) will not restore growth and competitiveness . It would be difficult
for the Fed to respond differently if the financial sector gets into trouble again . But one thing is clear : the Sunni Islamists are decisively altering the region s politics ’ . This regional re-alignment
need not be necessarily anti-Western , but it surely will be if Israel and / or the United States attack Iran militarily . Monetary tightening was not the only major policy error of the 1930 s ’ ; so was
a retreat into protectionism , symbolized by the Smoot-Hawley tariff increases at the beginning of that decade . While improving access to finance is vital , governments also need to do more to boost investment
. Some of the innovations associated with the sub-prime crisis – notably option-ARM s ’ , when extended to borrowers who couldn ’ t handle them – seem to have little redeeming value . For example , for a
decade leading doctors advocated hormone replacement therapy to lower cardiovascular risk in post-menopausal women . These recommendations , based on physiological and observational studies , proved profoundly
misleading . As each preceding generation of rulers cashes in its illicit gains from holding power , the successors are motivated by both the desire to loot even more and the fear that there may not be
much left by the time they get their turn at the trough . We would have to write off six decades of successful European integration , with unknown consequences . Back in 2007 , Iranian forces captured a
group of British sailors in the Persian Gulf , releasing them a few weeks later under strong pressure from the United Kingdom . With tensions much higher today , however , such acts – even if carried out
by unknown or unofficial groups – can trigger war . In fact , the Federal Reserve , the Bank of England , and the Bank of Japan are doing just that under the name of “ quantitative easing . ” The real threat
to Egypt ’ s security today is on its southern and eastern borders , not in Israel . Let us hope that the Americans act in time . She has yet to deal with the major problems of the day financial instability
– , Europe ’ s sluggish growth , the Middle East – and she cannot avoid them during her campaign . The great , neglected German economist Friedrich List , a student of Hamilton s work ’ , laid out an innovation
roadmap for his own country in 1841 , in his National System of Political Economy . Technically , this remains an option , but it has become an unlikely scenario , given the time and will required . That
they no longer do so is deeply disturbing . In the past , when state economic decision-making reached such an impasse , wars and / or revolutions were the inevitable result . Allow me to explain . This expression
of wounded national pride was enabled by South Korea 's tremendous performance in the World Cup football tournament last summer , which helped convince ordinary Koreans that their country was fully grown
up--and thus might be able to stand on its own without the presence of 37,000 US troops . This would be an opportune time for governments to issue more inflation-indexed debt , to begin issuing it , or
to issue nominal GDP-linked debt , which is analogous to it . There has been some progress , albeit slow , toward agreement on the institutional architecture of a more integrated eurozone . The necessity
of a banking union is now more generally accepted , and there is a move to augment the European budget with funds that could be deployed with policy or project conditionality , in addition to ESM resources
. Tomorrow ? We should all bear this in mind , for territorial ambition often goes hand in hand with the censor s creed ’ . We should probably worry a lot more than we do about demographic changes that will
cause a dramatic decline in the potential labor force in rich countries , and a rise in those relying on pensions and health care . Because we reject colonial and exterminating ventures , because we love
Russian culture and believe that Russia can bloom in a democratic future , and because we believe that terrorism whether – by stateless groups or state armies ­ – should be condemned , we demand that the
world s blackout ’ on the Chechen issue must end . By this point in the report , readers in the boardrooms of British banks were looking forward to a three-set walkover . Since then , stability and hope
have begun to return to a region affected by the destruction of war and the widespread despair of social displacement . We are confident that Monti 's office could answer the Court 's criticisms and that
reasonable people can disagree on the subtleties of whether these mergers threaten competition enough to be rejected . But , with consumption accounting for 35 % of national income ( compared to 70 % in
the US ! ) , there is vast room to grow . The police dismissed an initial court order demanding that Biti be produced before the court . Brazil s currency ’ , the real , has fallen to its lowest level against
the US dollar in more than four years , compelling the government to pump billions of dollars into the foreign-exchange futures market and raise interest rates to deter capital outflows – just a few years
after imposing a new tax to deter inflows . In the nineteenth century , it became clear that the Moon Illusion is psychological , a consequence of the cognitive processes underlying the human brain 's visual
space perception . What should the private sector do better ? While there are many examples of responsible companies that want to do “ well by doing good , sustainability and development goals ” are not
always integrated into businesses core agenda ’ . Instead , foreign corporations , with their funds , controls , and experts--and , just as importantly , their beliefs--dominate larger enterprise . Other
VCs focus almost exclusively on Stanford and Harvard graduates , not because they believe that only people from those elite campuses can succeed , but because they already have too many opportunities and
want to limit their search costs “ . ” These states can play this role , however , only if first they transform this geographic space into a genuinely inclusive and vibrant security community . Failing
that ( and we are failing today ) the Euro-Atlantic states and their organizations will settle for suboptimal – and too often utterly inadequate responses – to the twenty-first century s security challenges
’ , including the threat of nuclear proliferation . That would have been unheard of several years ago , as would today ’ s growing trend among China s urban middle classes ’ for de-urbanization – a brain
drain whereby educated city dwellers give up on the rat race and return to the countryside in pursuit of cleaner air , open spaces , and better accommodation . Examples from the last two centuries include
such transformative products and innovations as railroads , automobiles , and airplanes ; telegraph , telephones , radio , and television ; air conditioning ; and , as just noted , the various technologies
responsible for the IT revolution , including both mainframe and personal computers , routers and other hardware devices , and much of the software that operates them . Until we achieve a better balance
between markets and government , the world will continue to pay a high price . It should be a top priority for policymakers to ensure that patent offices have the financial and human resources needed to
grant business-method patents judiciously , and that they do not award patents to obvious or merely incremental ideas . If correct patent policies are followed , business-method patents have the potential
to boost dramatically business creativity--and the economic growth that goes with it . Revolutionary communism may well have cleared the path for the boom in other ways as well , suggesting that the shift
from socialist utopianism to capitalist pragmatism was less a U-turn than a sequential process of “ creative destruction . ” Parents are increasingly sending their sons , and now their daughters , to these
tolerant , accredited , and democracy-compatible schools . Basic indicators of economic and social development show SSA lagging far behind other developing areas . Should a government simply open up and
let the chips drop wherever they might , or emulate East Asia 's experience before the 1990s , with industrial policies such as export subsidies , directed credit , and selective protection ? De Grey s
response ’ to the first objection is that , while anti-aging treatment may be expensive initially , the price is likely to drop , as it has for so many other innovations , from computers to the drugs that
prevent the development of AIDS . Today , peace with Syria might facilitate an Israeli peace with Lebanon down the road , but that will not be an automatic outcome . Indeed , while Hezbollah prospered under
Syrian occupation , it never reached the extraordinary political power that it has today . She would never have withstood the searching inquiries of months of campaigning . For small shopkeepers , this poses
both a challenge and an opportunity . The WTO Ministerial Conference later this month will provide an occasion to consider the best ways to generate growth and alleviate poverty in these countries . He should
be . For example , industrialized countries have suggested auctioning emission rights and using part of the revenue for international cooperation – something that Germany is already doing . Obama swept to
power on the promise of change . The other factor is that France , like the rest of the world , suffers from an ill-managed form of globalization . More controversially , the ECB needs to increase its purchases
of Italian bonds . But this proportion is less today than it was in the 1980s ; so a higher unemployment rate is not being disguised by medical certificates . Working together with a genuine sense of regional
community is a challenge in itself , but one well worth addressing . Peasant farmers need the benefits of fertilizer , irrigation , and high-yield seeds , all of which were a core part of China s economic
takeoff ’ . Fears that extending EMU to new states " too soon " would undermine the euro 's external exchange rate are irrational . If all candidate countries join the EU at around the same time , they
will together account for a mere 6 % of its total GDP . That would leave a net national saving rate of just 2.5 % of GDP . Buhari has more name recognition nationwide than the other two , but Ribadu s ACN
’ outperformed the CPC during in the parliamentary election . Now , A World in Recession Instead , we should perhaps stop shooting the 300 polar bears we hunt each year . The immediate ethical issue facing
us is the real harm inflicted on unsuspecting subjects through a vast array of indignities , adverse events , injuries , and death . Local banks and corporations would never again overborrow , knowing that
no safety net would catch them when they fell . And , because the government chose not to go to Congress for a law authorizing the auction , investors feared that the legal framework was open to challenge
. But Europe must not heed short-sighted calls to relax its environmental standards , which some claim harm its competitiveness vis-à-vis countries with looser rules . It has remained at peace , despite
regional wars . The more Iranians visit China and India , the more likely that Iran will change . As in 1999 , when Boris Yeltsin had outlived his usefulness to the elite , the current infighting among elite
factions means only one thing : a search is underway for a successor . I feel so ashamed before you .... The Bangladeshi government s sympathies ’ are closer to the Shahbag protesters than to the Hifazat
counter-demonstrators . A Chinese Spring cannot be ruled out . Surely , those engaged in Libya today are feeling some of those same pressures . First , China will have to build more liquid financial markets
. So was I , working out of the Hoover Institution at Stanford University . The damage to German-Polish relations also goes beyond the spat between the two governments , and reaches deep into both German
and Polish societies . But slow and distorted development in the Islamic world is the result of blocked opportunities as well . The reforms have essentially enabled China to streamline research and development
efforts , as well as technology transfers between selected components of its civil and commercial space programs . Good governance on the plateau is good for everyone . But the current constellation of Czech
political forces is finely balanced between pro-Treaty and anti-Treaty forces . The frontier region between Pakistan and Afghanistan is the main theater of the war “ on terror . ” BERLIN – The people of
Tunisia and Egypt have shown that democracy in Arab countries need not come at the barrel of a Western gun . In Milan this year , more foreigners than Italians registered as self-employed . That leaves nuclear
use as the final option . The banks then dump the IOUs on the European Central Bank , which then provides the actual cash . Either scenario would greatly aggravate Europe s crisis ’ : soaring oil costs or
another US recession would harm even the strong northern European economies , to say nothing of the already-depressed countries in Europe s ’ south . But , even then , the humanitarian consequences – especially
in the case of another Middle East war – would most likely overshadow these scenarios impact ’ on the European crisis . In the meantime , Central Asian countries need sustained donor support , because private
investment flows have not recovered to levels that preceded the global financial crisis . Given this , regulators should have thought twice before permitting off-balance sheet operations without any further
provision . A Loan and a Prayer That decline in the dollar exchange rate is necessary to shrink the very large trade deficit that the US has with the rest of the world . What was a purely financial crisis
has become an economic crisis , spreading across the globe . Every projection of growth has been revised downward . NEW HAVEN – It was never going to be easy , but central banks in the world s two largest
economies ’ – the United States and China – finally appear to be embarking on a path to policy normalization . Then-Chief Cabinet Secretary Yohei Kono broke the ice in 1993 , expressing sincere apologies
and remorse “ ” to all those who had suffered “ immeasurable pain . ” These countries have appealed to the World Bank for financing , and the Bank made a valiant effort in 2008 to help through its new Global
Food Crisis Response Program ( GFCRP ) . But the Bank does not yet have sufficient funds to meet these countries urgent needs ’ , and has had to ration assistance to a small fraction of the flows that
could be effectively and reliably used . But freedom of expression resulted in more militant religious positions . It is hard to expect an outcome that will appear legitimate in the eyes of Iraqis or the
world . This clone , however , will never leave the British laboratory in which it was created . It is the prospect of a proxy war that makes all the unsettled issues – the division of oil revenue , the
demarcation of the border , and the fate of the adjoining Nuba Mountains and the Blue Nile region so – potentially explosive . But , proxy war or not , this almost unprecedented redrawing of Africa ’ s
colonial borders ( Eritrea two decades ago was the last example ) could have profound consequences for the continent s future ’ . According to health statistician Hans Rosling , our planet will probably
be home to at least nine billion people by 2050 . The key to Europe s ability ’ to neutralize Russia s geopolitical advantage ’ is to establish a unified energy policy , with a Europe-wide distribution
network and a Europe-wide regulatory authority that has precedence over national regulators . Yet another perspective stresses that Western willingness to engage the Soviet Union as much as confront it
played a major role in how history turned out . Détente helped to keep the competition from spilling over into conflict as it exposed the Communist world to Western ideas of freedom and capitalism along
with their benefits . The Law on Enterprise Bankruptcy ( Trial Implementation ) , the first of its kind , was enacted in 1986 . Its execution , however , was crippled by its very narrow scope for application
, the absence of corresponding laws governing corporate restructuring , excessive government intervention , incompatibility with the policy-based bankruptcy procedure then in place , technical errors ,
and a general inability to make the code operational . The prospect of a Middle East conflagration has prompted an airlift of senior American officials to Israel to warn of the devastating consequences
that an Israeli attack on Iran might have . Indeed , the Obama administration s main challenge ’ these days is not peacemaking , but regional conflict management and preemption . This raises the question
of whether Japan ’ s current problems – sluggish growth , high public debt , and rapid population aging – presage a similar trend across East Asia . Similar problems are already appearing in South Korea
, while China has been driven to loosen its one-child policy and unveil plans for economic reforms aimed at reviving growth . The official results do not reflect the true will of the people of Zimbabwe
and are illegitimate in the eyes of the people . Such discretion is both unnecessary and undesirable . While US Vice President Dick Cheney denigrates the idea of energy conservation , China s leaders ’ have
adopted a new five-year plan that commits the country to cut energy use by one-fifth , industrial pollution by one-tenth , and industrial water consumption by one-third . The government must not overestimate
how much revenue can be gained by the consumption-tax increase , and thus how much of the budget hole can be closed . The reasoning behind such episodes is based on a flawed analogy . The securitization
of mortgages originally was seen as a triumph , because it shifted risk to financial markets , while taking deposits and making and monitoring loans – the purview of traditional banks – was regarded as
narrow and old-fashioned . By contrast , modern banks would seek finance mainly in the interbank market and securitize their loan portfolios . Research to increase water productivity in food production The
only monarchical regime that was seriously challenged during the Arab Spring was the Sunni ruling family in Shia-majority Bahrain , where precisely this sectarian divide seems to have been the crucial
ingredient in the uprising , which was then brutally suppressed with Saudi military help . Advanced economic systems have very complex webs of contracts , such as financial derivatives . For Europe , Leijonhufvud
argues , this implies a three-pronged approach that focuses on “ levels of leverage , ” “ maturity mismatches , ” and “ the topology of the web , ” – that is , “ its connectivity and the presence of critical
nodes that are ‘ too big to fail . ’ ” Only " krutoi " ( cool ) , or " klevyi " ( hot ) . Controlling for these variables is difficult . A radical minority is using violence to impose a simplified and ideological
version on a mainstream with more diverse views . Empowering citizens means giving them both the power to decide and the knowledge to decide well . If Soros were right , and Germany had to choose between
Eurobonds and the euro , many Germans would surely prefer to leave the euro . Free medicines are only part of the solution . But with the next generation of safer reactors , costs are rising fast . Putin
has already decided to create an operational center of 13 groups in the Northern Caucasus region to coordinate the actions of the Defense and Emergencies Ministries . All those associated with it were new
to such proceedings , and had to learn on the job , as there had been no such bodies since the courts at Nuremberg and Tokyo after World War II . But it also depends on Israel and the international community
, which must do all they can to ensure a future Palestinian state with Jerusalem as its capital . Similarly , global monetary policy was easy , avoiding another big mistake of the 1930 s ’ . These are visionary
ideas , yet they are within technological reach . Like Blah , Mnangagwa is widely unpopular , and he lost his parliamentary seat in the 2001 general election . And yet , there is some good news . The government
demands that the elections be re-held , when the sun is shining . That being the case , Obama needs to build a strong team of experienced Korea hands to push the agenda forward . It is now up to the EU s
political leadership ’ to move quickly and take firm grasp of the achievements that initially gave birth to the Lisbon treaty . A charter of fundamental rights has , for example , been integrated into
the treaty ; but , unless the member states bring it to life , it will certainly fail to yield concrete results . Hamas s political moment ’ has come . Rather , they follow one or more generations of chronic
decline , when fear of economic loss gives way to targeted anger , and charismatic voices surface to orchestrate the response . In a world divided – between rich countries and the poor , between those focusing
on environmental protection and those concentrating on growth this initiative – can unite us all . For example , each year , 37 million uninsured Indians fall below the poverty line because of catastrophic
health expenditures ( generally defined as costs exceeding 10 % of a household s total expenditures ’ ) . If a reformer is to win he must prove that he will be able to sway Iran s political structures ’
toward a reform agenda . In that case , Obama would be wise to move to the center ( as Bill Clinton did after the Democrats lost control of Congress in 1994 ) and work with congressional Republicans to
shape sensible tax and entitlement reforms . Perhaps the most important element of the federation “ by exception ” would be its strong democratic anchor . Accumulating money up to a certain amount provides
a safeguard against lean times , but today it has become an end in itself , a way of measuring one s status ’ or success , and a goal to fall back on when we can think of no other reason for doing anything
, but would be bored doing nothing . New and bold yet pragmatic initiatives – – are therefore needed that combine the efforts of local actors and external actors . Back at the start of 2004 , America ’ s
banks discovered that they could borrow money cheaply from Asia and lend it out in higher-yielding domestic mortgages while using sophisticated financial engineering to wall off and strictly control their
risks or – so they thought . Over the next two years , annual US spending on residential construction roared upward , from $ 624 billion to $ 798 billion , the US unemployment rate dropped from 5.7 % to
4.6 % , and the economy grew at a 3.1 % real annual rate . When horse-trading for Commission jobs took place in 2009 , former UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown was warned of the danger of allowing the French
to hold the Internal Market post . Since its introduction , the euro has fallen further from its peak then even the Nasdaq in the high-tech sell-off of earlier this year . But if this capacity is impaired
, neither the low road of protection nor the high road of free trade can do much good . But isn t ’ this what politicians like to do – smile for the cameras , and then fail to honor their promises ? The
third problem is the disconnection between global scientific expertise and politicians . But it must be made clear that regardless of Ukraine 's geopolitical importance , the West will not shy away from
confronting it when democracy and fundamental human rights are threatened . Of course , there was often a disturbing incongruity between Diana s commitment ’ to the poor and sick , and the extravagant lifestyle
she led . The recent inversion of this relationship suggests that the structure of Chinese growth is starting to tilt toward services . From a narrowly British perspective , this might seem a shrewd and
reasonable posture for defending British interests . But , by picking up Chirac s challenge ’ , Blair has allowed himself to be drawn away from the general European dilemma ( what to do about the Constitutional
Treaty ) – for which Britain is not to blame – to a specific policy problem ( the CAP s finances ’ ) on which Britain is isolated . Wars Against Women So politicians either address immigration in the context
of border security and cultural identity , or they ignore it . Sanctions for non-compliance must be enforced – without political meddling . One of the most important lessons of the Lisbon Agenda is that
the so-called Open Method of Coordination – a harmless peer-review procedure without repercussions for non-performance – is clearly the wrong approach to kick-starting national-level reforms . It requires
a heavy dose of institutional reform , which consumes financial , bureaucratic , and political resources . Today , once again , it is in Germany ’ s best interest to ensure lasting stability in Europe . Finally
, explicit international expressions of support for a settlement would help to persuade the leaders of both communities that success would bring proper recognition and reward . In 1998 , Russians did not
yet take for granted imported cars , foreign tourism , and other middle-class perks . LAHORE Pakistan – is undergoing three transitions simultaneously . How they unfold matters not only for Pakistan , but
also for much of the Muslim world , particularly as the Arab Spring forces change upon governments across the wider Middle East . Politics and Corporate Money When our ancestors moved out of the African
forest onto the savannah more than a million years ago , they rapidly became effective predators . A new era of active and varied monetary policy may have begun , with potential benefits for all . After
its enactment in late February 2009 , the markets downward plunge ’ began to decelerate , and prices stabilized the following month . While the weakening and rollback of Iran serves Israeli strategic interests
, Israel will have to reckon with Sunni Islamist power everywhere in its vicinity , leading directly to a strengthening of Hamas . A successor government in , say , Italy , would find it practically impossible
to break any commitments undertaken by Italian Prime Minister Mario Monti ’ s current administration . But astonishingly , it is coal , the dirtiest fuel , that is experiencing the sharpest increase in
use . A good precedent in Italy is Carlo Ciampi , who took the reins of government in 1993 , after Italy was forced to drop out of the European Exchange Rate Mechanism , and managed to repeal the scala
mobile ( the wage-indexation system ) , beat down inflation , and re-board the train of European monetary integration . To do so , capital and technology will be needed not only from China , but also from
Japan , South Korea , the US , and Southeast Asian countries . Of course , given its excessively low salaries and adverse demographic trends , Germany will continue to face difficulties . But to emphasize
only these problems , as some French do , is pure escapism . For the West , especially the US , every problem should have a solution within a finite period of time . Even so , the fact that very high inflation
is possible does not make it probable , so one should be cautious in arguing that higher gold prices are being driven by inflation expectations . Yet TB is commonly considered a disease of the past . Moderates
are repeatedly made to look weak , naïve , and idealistic . The first feature of the liberal order is that democracies must not tolerate those who set out to destroy democracy . Some countries , like Germany
, have laws that make it possible to ban political parties whose programs are recognizably anti-democratic . But Helmut Kohl 's government feared that any examination would unravel the central feature of
the army created in the mid-1950s and a major condition for its wide acceptance in the country : military conscription . Just as last year when there was unwarranted growth pessimism in Europe , this year
there is unwarranted growth euphoria . Royal s chief virtue ’ is that she has not taken part in the numerous internal battles that infuriate socialist militants and voters , and her lack of direct association
with the party s leadership ’ has enabled her to avoid blame for its mistakes . Filtered or not , a long-fragmented China now has a viable and rapidly expanding network . China s resource-driven stealth
wars ’ are becoming a leading cause of geopolitical instability in Asia . But the world s pain ’ has been these institutions gain ’ . Thus , low interest rates and non-market interference , rather than demand
from enterprises , fueled explosive credit growth in the first half of 2009 , surpassing the full-year target . If commercial banks had been allowed to base lending decisions solely on economic considerations
, credit and money supply would have grown more slowly , limiting the risk of rising bad-loan ratios , stalled enterprise reform , inflationary pressure , and a resurgence of asset bubbles as excess liquidity
enters equity and real-estate markets . Given the geographical distribution of SWFs and their investments , truly global regulation is highly unlikely . Indeed , there is little difference between advertisements
and drugs for an information specialist . Where can and should religion and ethics contribute to our political discourse ? Unfortunately , the Bush administration did not foresee that Saddam s removal ’
would precipitate a multi-sided insurgency and civil war . These dangers were predictable , and the world now knows that the war has proved a terrible failure of American strategy , and may yet have even
more catastrophic consequences . Positioning himself as the candidate who represents a sharp break with today s unpopular politics ’ is the only means to escape that fate . Alternatively , if Japan were
to ally with China , the two countries combined resources ’ would make for a potent coalition . Mill owners often built dormitories to house young female workers . John Maynard Keynes famously said : “ I
would rather be vaguely right than precisely wrong . ” He pointed out that when ideas first come into the world , they are likely to be woolly , and in need of more work to define them sharply . Kim Kyong-hui
has returned to the methods of her father , the dynasty s founder ’ , Kim Il-sung , who viewed party control as the most convenient and reliable means of exercising power . As European history since 1945
has demonstrated , shared economic interests can provide a solid foundation for building both regional security , and ushering in historic reconciliations . Over a century ago , a nation that originated
modern democracy was gripped by a political fever that led ordinary people to choose sides based on racist demagoguery . Only then is a society s space ’ for decision opened up , enabling its members to
move in many more directions than previously deemed possible . But he has quickly learned to view them with the attitude that they find hardest to endure – indifference . Ireland is doing better , although
its growth forecast has also been revised downward , to just under 0.5 % in 2012 and 1.4 % next year . Moreover , Irish GNP ( the income accruing to its nationals , as distinct from foreign firms operating
in Ireland ) continues to shrink . Nowadays , another major controversy has erupted in several Indian states , owing to a research project to vaccinate girls against cervical cancer – an issue that has
now entered the US presidential campaign , because Texas s governor ’ , Rick Perry , now seeking the Republican presidential nomination , backed a similar mandatory program . Since then , hedge funds have
grown in importance , and secret bank accounts have flourished . Maintaining these countries ’ excessive prices and nominal incomes with artificially cheap credit guaranteed by other countries would only
make the loss of competitiveness permanent . Many Europeans see themselves as champions of global fair play . But Europe ’ s opinion of its integrity is not always shared . Where the intelligentsia is not
directly complicit , its members have , simply by remaining silent , refused to accept the responsibility that accompanies freedom . Somehow , it seems , Saudi society has produced a stream of violent fanaticism
that draws its inspiration from extreme religious orthodoxy . Some camps turned into staging posts for armed factions . Unfortunately , the clearinghouse structure obscures them . But there is also a more
troubling possibility : if , by proceeding on our current profligate path , we succeed in making natural resources scarce , we will require a new wave of technology , regardless of the cost , to rescue
us from calamity . Take the case of labor and environmental standards . For example , his opposition to governments ’ authority to prohibit or regulate human behavior extended to licensing requirements for
doctors and car drivers , as well as to anti-drug laws , which he believed operated as a subsidy to organized crime . Most immediately , there is an urgent need for more cholera treatment centers . History
teaches that such swings are not sustainable , and that the more excessive they become , the sharper and more costly are the eventual reversals – and the graver the consequences for the financial system
and the economy . The lesson of this crisis is that excessive swings need to be dampened with a set of prudential measures . Even if driven much farther , 150,000 kilometers , an electric car s CO2 emissions
’ will be only 28 % less than those of a gasoline-powered car . During the car s lifetime ’ , this will prevent 11 tons of CO2 emissions , or about 44 € of climate damage . A billion don t ’ have clean
drinking water . While many issues involved are distinct , a " democratic deficit " looms large in both undertakings . Their governments have no choice but to borrow from the Fund . They can do so very easily
: by following the law . Japan 's grim outlook is bad news for the world because it is the globe 's second leading economic power . Prospects for Japan acting as a global economic locomotive and of playing
a role in poverty reduction and economic development are , for now , almost nil . Far from it . The same disproportionate patterns of school assignment exist throughout much of Central and Eastern Europe
. The predicament for Europe 's leaders at this week 's summit is that they stand at the cusp of an unstable process of European integration . For a while in postcommunist Russia , the answers were blindingly
clear : parties were divided between those nostalgic for Soviet times and those who wanted reform . Indeed , the Japanese believe that the halfhearted backing of US business groups for a new round of WTO
talks reflects the success of the earlier sectoral agreements . So Japan now opposes negotiating a second ITA , which it fears will further weaken political support for broad trade liberalization . The
skewed incentives distorted our economy and our society . In the event of sustained protests and potential violence , top military commanders may decide to send Musharraf home – a decision that would not
be unprecedented in Pakistan s chronically turbulent history ’ . The future will not belong to Asia merely because it is the world s largest ’ , most populous , and fastest-developing continent . But here
, again , the government is hiding in plain sight . This would require prolonging the ratification deadline until 2008 . It also requires specifying a common date for ratification ( through simultaneous
referenda or parliamentary votes ) for all countries that have not yet done so , including France and the Netherlands . Unfortunately , February 23 is not the only remaining relic of the Red Army . Another
Soviet military legacy is the system of obligatory conscription . Time and again , financial crises have reflected the weaknesses of regulatory systems founded on the lessons learned from previous crises
. Today ’ s crisis is no exception ; nor will the next one be . Eight hundred million people are chronically undernourished while three and a half billion lack micronutrients . Modern media played a role
, too , broadcasting images of the death camps that immediately came to symbolize the depth of Nazi depravity . Similarly , central bank independence may be a great idea when monetary instability is the
binding constraint , but it will backfire where the real challenge is poor competitiveness . That sacrifice is particularly visible in today s Congress-led Indian government ’ , which relies on support
from the Left Front Communist Party . Last week Tony Blair , Jacques Chirac , and Gerhard Schroeder met in Berlin . They departed pledging to revive Europe 's growth . Big banks get a big taxpayer subsidy
– in the form of downside protection for their creditors . Likewise , the Court was not asked and did not rule on whether Serbia or , indeed , any other state in the world community is required to recognize
Kosovo as an independent state . For the peoples of the Caucasus , Turkey marks our path to Europe . Consider this : at any given moment , the average citizen in the developed world has billions of messages
passing through his or her brain . On a more blatant , if less exalted , level , the force of friction makes its appearance in the first days of any first-year course . Egypt on Jordan s Mind ’ Essentially
, this is a form of bankruptcy , but with more administrative discretion ( and presumably more protection for depositors ) than would be possible in a court-supervised process . In still other areas , longer-distance
water pipelines might be needed . This claim is not as simple as it appears because it does not depend on a general moral principle forbidding all killing of non-combatants . For example , China s annual
production capacity ’ for crude steel is one billion tons , but its total output in 2012 was 720 million tons – a capacity utilization rate of 72 % . In fact , Asia became more reliant on exports and external
demand for economic growth . I am not so sure . As allies , the US and Europe are taking a major step forward to end the scourge of pirate fishing . Although the Hijazis , who are Sunnis but not Wahhabis
, are not viewed as heretics , they are marginalized because the Islam they practice has Sufi leanings--and tolerant Sufiism is anathema to the austerely dogmatic Wahhabis . Yet American and other intelligence
services and strategic-research institutes around the world all agree that Israel possesses nuclear weapons . But if owners of oil reserves think that prices will fall in the long run , they gain an incentive
to explore for oil and expand production now in order to sell as much oil as possible before the fall . The resulting supply surge drives down prices , reinforces expectations of further declines , and
produces the inverse of a speculative bubble : a collapse in prices . Successful coups legitimated by popular support ( or at least acquiescence ) and oiled with promises to restore “ democracy ” may become
infectious , encouraging copycats in neighboring states where governments are also weak or failing . Many believe that his primary concern in the Euro debate is over how it affects his power vis-à-vis Blair
. Berlusconi at Bay Bruegel , the Brussels-based think tank , has proposed that eurobonds should constitute 60 % of eurozone members ’ outstanding external debt . They sense that the American economy has
out-performed the Western European economies largely because of its less expansive government . In February , China ’ s top climate negotiator , Yu Qingtai , said at the UN that rich nations , which “ caused
the problem of climate change in the first place , ” must be treated as “ culprits , ” and developing countries as “ victims . ” * countries should limit short-term borrowing from international banks . The
concept of a decentralized religious establishment is difficult for Westerners to understand , given the highly structured administrative framework of Christian churches and ecclesiastical orders . But
this fluid hierarchy , an absence of written rules and organizational order , allowed the various seminaries – and their different interpretive traditions – to survive despotic political regimes and resist
intervention by different dynasties and monarchies . If Bush 's piñata can 't spell out all the details , Fox should define them in Mexican and bilateral terms . The IG , which led an insurgency in Upper
Egypt from 1992-1997 and was implicated in the 1993 World Trade Center bombing in New York , started disavowing armed tactics in 1997 , and consolidated this change by releasing some 25 volumes of theological
and rational arguments to promote their new ideology . While some cases of illegitimate claims are under investigation , there is no black market for receipts ; fraud seems to arise mainly through falsified
invoices . While econometric studies are not available , raw data show an increase in reported income and in the number of firms and official workers . Also troubling is the fact that the limit for microwave
emission from mobile phones is 500 times lower in Switzerland and China than in the US . For every dollar that the world spends on this grand plan , the avoided climate damage would only be worth two cents
. Our media s preoccupation ’ with trivia and collective lack – of conscience – is impressive even by British tabloid standards . The idea dates back to renaissance Italy , but modern patent law originated
in England , where , in 1624 , the Statute of Monopolies was enacted to grant a 14-year exclusive right to the " true and first inventor " of any manufacturing method . PARIS – “ If the law supposes that
, ” says Mr. Bumble in Oliver Twist , “ the law is a ass a idiot – . ” This lack of certainty undermined investment in plant and equipment or R &amp; D. This policy divided Europe . It has also fueled deep
divisions in the US presidential campaign , with one of the most potent arguments used by Kerry being that he will restore trust between America and its allies ; that as president he will recruit international
help in Iraq . Another reason for the not-necessarily-married and not-necessarily-full-time political spouse has to do with simple generational change : the role of adoring wife that Nancy Reagan perfected
is a time-consuming profession . As a fervent supporter of Santos s human-rights efforts ’ , of his call for a major debate on drug legalization , and of his attempt to end Colombia s Forty Years War ’
“ ’ , ” I fear that Uribe has fatally wounded the peace process , and will prolong the country s bloody and fruitless status quo ’ indefinitely . That is a great pity . Among historians , globalization
provokes a keen sense of déjà vu : we were here a century ago . The prevailing obsession with the governance agenda “ ” entails a broad-based effort to remold institutions in developing societies as a prerequisite
for economic growth . The United Nations Millennium Project involves a large-scale , coordinated big push of investment in human capital , public infrastructure , and agricultural technologies . To reverse
the trend , French republicanism must , like English multiculturalism , contradict itself in order to fulfil itself . The French must recognize that equality before the law is a core principle , but a
weak one ; it needs to be complemented by a stricter vision of how to achieve equality . Ideally , state and family were mirror images . Mine are the personal views of a European citizen . Twenty years ago
, the world tried to address these realities through treaties and international law . Now that Obama has appointed Yellen , attention should turn to that question . After all , where do we imagine that philosophers
and poets and gurus live ? In one of these captivatingly charming places , of course , and not as tourists in hotel rooms . In this way , trade can raise living standards . Mahatma Gandhi once said that
commerce “ between India and Africa will be of ideas and services , not of manufactured goods against raw materials after the fashion of western exploiters . ” The latest murders in Pakistan preceded the
killing of nine polio workers in Nigeria , and follow the slaying of another nine Pakistani health workers in December and the New Year s Day murders ’ of development workers affiliated with public-health
efforts . The crisis spread around the world , but there was no recession . With American protesters citing Egyptians and Spaniards as direct inspiration , online communities from Syria to Europe cross-pollinating
, and continuing strong turnout for rallies like those on May Day 2012 in the US , it is clear that the spirit of community is here to stay . Unfortunately , you cannot tell from the forecasts . Meanwhile
, Egypt 's sagging economy , high unemployment rate , and rampant corruption have driven many Egyptian youngsters to despair . Israel , for its part , must recommit itself to the late Yitzak Rabin s doctrine
’ that only a comprehensive regional peace agreement can prevent the Middle East from declining into nuclear chaos . Yet many Americans think that much of Europe 's critique of Israeli policies expresses
a zeal that cannot be explained simply by Europeans ' renunciation of their own colonial past and thus their sensitivity to an Israeli occupation that looks like annexation . Consider what happens when
banks in Texas , Florida , or California make bad lending decisions that threaten their survival . America , more than in the past , will depend on strong partners and will seek such partnerships . If the
journey to the crossroads is accelerated by a large geopolitical shock ( originating in , say , the Middle East or North Korea ) and / or a serious political breakdown in Europe ( for example , a meltdown
in Cyprus or prolonged political paralysis in Italy ) , the probability of taking the adverse path rises to an uncomfortably high level . If , however , central banks can contain domestic and global inconsistencies
long enough , the combination of endogenous healing and eventual political progress would significantly improve the probability distribution . But in Asia , the wars since 1950 failed to resolve disputes
. And , while Europe has built institutions to underpin peace , Asia has yet to begin such a process in earnest . A case-by-case approach is therefore necessary . NEW DELHI One – of the more difficult questions
I found myself being asked when I was a United Nations under-secretary-general , especially when addressing a general audience , was : “ What is the single most important thing that can be done to improve
the world ? ” In 2011 , a group of Indian state and private companies won the concession for the Hajigak iron-ore deposit in Bamyan Province . But , despite these projects ’ reported billion-dollar price
tags and high expectations , the investments have catalyzed little progress , owing partly to security issues . Despite Berlusconi 's rhetoric , he did not go ( or was not invited ) to the summit meeting
with President Bush in the Azores , where the final decision to go to war was taken . If taken seriously , these rules will accomplish nothing , except to force migrants and their prospective employers
to find other ways to each other . The European Commission s Green Paper ’ on immigration looks like an invitation to join the underground economy . But neither depositors nor their banks should be given
a free ride . But , as John Maynard Keynes famously put it , in the long run we are all dead . The system is hardest on first-generation graduates who lack a highly placed relative to help them into the
workforce ; they are often left with no option but to pay a hefty bribe to advance their careers . All that time , he faced consistent political pressure to determine a positive inflation target that would
halt the country ’ s deflationary spiral . Real international pressure is at last being placed on the government to explain its actions , most significantly by the much-maligned UN Human Rights Council
in Geneva , which will consider Sri Lanka s response ’ in March 2013 . This is why China ’ s equity limits for foreign investment in Chinese financial institutions are costly to the Chinese economy , and
why raising these limits is important . The Chinese leadership ’ s split personality explains a curious phenomenon that former US State Department adviser Susan Shirk noted in her book China : Fragile Superpower
. But China s economic imbalances ’ are also stupendous . Tony Blair wants Britain to join the Euro , because he does not want to be excluded from the European core . The lesson for policymakers is clear
: instead of constantly trying to boost spending and potentially creating problems for the future , a more sustainable way to improve job growth is to facilitate the re-skilling “ ” of the unemployed ,
especially those who were in construction-related jobs . Eventually , better labor-force supply will create healthier and more sustainable demand . Malaysia 's ethnic Chinese are also impressed by Dr. Mahathir
's skillful response to American demands to combat terrorism . The second error was even more inane . After all , every action we perform causes changes in our sensations . PHILADELPHIA – A last-minute deal
between the United States and China may afford human-rights lawyer and activist Chen Guangcheng the opportunity to enroll in law school in New York . But , even if a way out of the diplomatic debacle is
at hand , much about the case remains troubling . Those who encroached upon it were punished . One hopes that this will lend comfort to him , and give a moral boost to Chinese who share his views . For a
high-resolution version of this chart , click here . Like many corporations , China is moving most decisionmaking to the " business unit " level--semi-autonomous , self-governing economic region-states
that compete fiercely against each other for capital , technology , and human resources ( just as America 's states do ) . The frequency and intensity of the El Nino cycle in the past 25 years may also
be the result of global warming . With 88 nuclear power plants currently operating in South Korea , Japan , and China , the initiative is an important one . Humanity depletes non-renewable natural resources
and interferes with the planet s climate ’ . When mainstream politicians , newspapers , and churches rail against Israel , many Swedish Muslims inevitably see this is a green light for them to unleash their
own hostility toward ordinary Jews . In fact , Kirchner should be especially worried by a Democratic victory . The political right calls for more rapid deficit reduction by cutting spending . Hamas s emergence
’ as a formidable military force also reflects the Egyptians inept performance ’ in preventing the smuggling of weapons into Gaza . Taming Hamas is in Egypt s interest ’ , but it refuses to pay the price
of a direct confrontation because that might lead Egyptian forces to be perceived as Israel s protectors ’ . The true promise of epigenetics has become apparent only in the last few years , as scientists
’ ability to assess the epigenetic mechanisms in DNA – which can now be measured at roughly 30 million points across the human genome – has dramatically improved . Epigenetics can potentially be used to
explain the root causes of many diseases that scientists have so far struggled to understand , from asthma to allergies to autism . The developing world , alas , contributes only a tiny fraction of worldwide
scientific advance , and the major drug companies generally lack the market incentives to invest in diseases afflicting the poor people of the developing world . The effects of banks hijacking ’ of national
payment systems to service only the modern economy are compounded by the exclusive agreements that banks and money-transfer companies such as Western Union have signed with most African countries . But
the differences between Russia and China today may prove to be less significant tomorrow if the deterioration in the Middle East imposes a sense of collective responsibility on all five permanent members
of the UN Security Council . Investors eventually do learn . And , when they do , they appropriately reward or penalize firms for their governance choices . Until a few years ago , Islamabad was a quiet
, orderly , modern city no different from any other in Pakistan . Still earlier , it was largely the abode of Pakistan s hyper-elite and foreign diplomats ’ . Birds popularity ’ means that they provide
an unrivaled source of information about which species live where and how well those species are doing . Speaking as a one-time campaign manager in British politics , there seem to be three important points
for the Democrats to remember . Counter-cyclicality is a useful mindset for individuals and governments . Recent history , particularly the excessive accumulation of private and public debt , suggests that
we have not acquired it . As a result , something new will color the habits of those who govern Ukraine from now on : respect for individuals , which is the ultimate check on the abuse of power . CAMBRIDGE
Enthusiasm – for emerging markets has been evaporating this year , and not just because of the US Federal Reserve s planned cuts ’ in its large-scale asset purchases . Managing the historical forces that
are being released requires going far beyond the desultory US debate about what kind of assistance to give to which participants in the conflict . If hearts and minds are the key , be nice to local people
. What we must do now is create the framework for a more stable Afghanistan , and for sustained international engagement in a region that is crucial for global stability . Now , more than ever , we have
to be strong , and we have to be strategic . Looking around the world in 2004 , you begin to understand Popper 's motive : freedom always means living with risk , but without security , risk means only
threats , not opportunities . At a time when Russia was taking a more pacific course , NATO – unlike the Warsaw Pact – was not dismantled . On the contrary , the Allies chose to maintain the pact and to
extend it to numerous Russian neighbors . Combat capability has fallen to an unprecedented low level . Since Sunni militants destroyed the Shiite Askariya mosque in February , hundreds of Iraqis have been
killed in a series of tit-for-tat sectarian attacks . Tens of thousands have fled from mixed Sunni-Shiite cities to safer havens in ethnically homogenous enclaves that are effectively controlled by Sunni
and Shiite militias . Improved policies will amplify these opportunities , ensuring that economic gains will benefit hundreds of millions of people throughout Europe . Once again , China has shown its mastery
of basic economic principles . Since 1980 the ratio of stock market capitalization to GDP soared more than 13-fold , while equity financing rose 16-fold . In 1980 , stock market capitalization relative
to GDP was five times greater in the US and UK than in Continental Europe ; by 2000 , it was only 60 % higher . Many teachers and schools now use computer programs to scan essays for plagiarism , an ancient
transgression made all too easy by the Internet . Indeed , computer-grading of essays is a surging science , with some studies showing that computer evaluations are fairer , more consistent , and more
informative than those of an average teacher , if not necessarily of an outstanding one . So the West should see the job through in Afghanistan – do it better but do it . Sometimes the dominoes do topple
over , one by one . That is not a prospect that anyone should welcome in South Asia . EU Foreign Minister Javier Solana “ ” has already been there , and returned bullish on future transatlantic cooperation
. Atmospherically , at least , relations have , indeed , improved since the US presidential election , and both sides have expressed good will . The second set of issues has to do with the conditions envisaged
at the end of whatever action is taken . PROVIDENCE , RI – During the past few years , many experts have suggested that bipolar disorder – a serious illness resulting in significant psychosocial morbidity
and excess mortality – is under-recognized , particularly in patients with major depression . But our average age was over 65 , and the limits of our effectiveness were neatly described by former British
Defence Minister Des Browne : “ People who used to be something really want to tackle this issue . Bush has been traveling the country promoting a plan to introduce personal retirement accounts invested
in stocks and bonds . Once inflation starts , it increases at a faster and faster rate , and the costs of reversing it are high . The truth : there is no evidence of an inflation precipice , or that the
costs of reversing inflation ( in terms , say , of pushing unemployment to high levels ) are any greater than the benefits from inflation ( in terms , say , of allowing unemployment to fall to low levels
) . It quickly became a story of " rich versus poor , " widely cited as an example of high-level corruption . The Depopulation of Europe We can also rehabilitate the technocrats who served under Saddam ,
so that they , too , have a chance to serve their country . Last but not least , we must provide loans to poor families to help them build a respectable life . French history demonstrates that excessive
presidential power is likely to create an almighty and , at times , politically feckless executive , alongside a weak parliament that chronically under-represents a significant proportion of the population
. Every year , national energy ministers and international organizations meet at what is known as the Clean Energy Ministerial , a forum for sharing lessons learned , promoting best practices , and encouraging
the transition to a global clean-energy economy . We need to enable countries like Egypt and Tunisia – and possibly a peaceful Libya – to strengthen their political stability through democratization . Or
it could indicate the reliability of data based on whether it was laid out neatly or had a scrambled appearance , so it could be assessed at a glance . Perhaps future interfaces will allow us to communicate
across language barriers by immersing us in assemblies of pictures – a hybrid between movies , architecture and email . The album contained photographs of the windows of the old monk s cells ’ to which
the Soviets had affixed bars ; for years these cells imprisoned Catholic clergymen , such as those arrested after State Prosecutor Nikolay Krylenko proclaimed the Catholic Church “ an enemy of the people
” in 1917 . Yet they find it perfectly legitimate to carry on . China is the world s top manufacturing country ’ by output . Since China s external surplus ’ is already down to less than 2 % of GDP , a decline
in domestic saving could result in China beginning to run a current-account deficit . In fact , wealthy elites in emerging countries live in a state of denial towards their poor , literally ignoring them
. Brazil and India are particularly striking in this regard . But in times of scarcity , the survival program kicks in to slow the aging process . -- No to IMF programs that hurt workers and the poor . It
is easier to run down something that is partly invisible because it is not regularly or effectively measured . Expanded measurement of the dimensions of economic , social , and environmental performance
is necessary to broaden awareness of sustainability issues . Nor are there any global laws that prevent Chinese people from discussing events that their government would prefer them not to discuss . Grave
human rights abuses , ethnic cleansing , and genocide would no longer be permitted . On the night of November 4 , countless Americans and non-Americans felt that ideals could indeed become facts . A donation
of about $ 100 per adult per year for the next 15 years could achieve the Millennium goals . Working children are entitled to something better , regardless of whether they know it . The good news is that
, from an economic perspective , there is still plenty of low-hanging fruit for restoring growth . Although India is right to avoid taking financial liberalization to the extreme that the United States
did in the decades before the recent meltdown , it can do quite a lot without assuming inappropriate risks , as a commission headed by Rajan detailed a few years back . The money is often a lifeline : it
is estimated that 10 % of Asian families depend on payments from abroad to obtain their food , clothing , and shelter . The eastern neighbors are not like the central European states that negotiated EU
accession in the 1990 s ’ . It remains to be seen how the American public will respond to its national U-turn . It is not : The reason for transparency is that we cannot resolve all questions in advance
. There is no sensible way to regulate all government behavior , but we do want for – ourselves and for whistleblowers – the right to legal recourse and to speak out if we ( or someone else ) may have
been wronged . Indeed , some analysts have suggested that the Chinese renminbi may rival the dollar as the leading international currency by the end of the decade . Under such a system , personal mobility
could cost up to 80 % less than owning and operating a car , with time efficiencies augmenting those savings further . For Americans earning minimum wage ( $ 7.25 per hour ) , time spent driving at a rate
of 30 miles ( 48 kilometers ) per hour costs $ 0.24 per mile . Success should be measured according to impact on , say , the quality of education and skills acquisition , rather than according to the mandated
level of public spending . In the EU , wind s share ’ in total power generation is set to rise to 14 % by 2030 , from 2 % today , and would account for well over half the total increase in the EU power
generation . The fact that NATO now considers its area of operations to legitimately extend all the way to the Hindu Kush has given pause even to many who once believed as fervently in humanitarian intervention
as Blair still does . He re-surfaced in Vienna recovering from what at first was thought to be food poisoning . In fact , the agreement is unlikely to survive 89-year-old Peres and 77-year-old Abbas , who
are now presidents of Israel and the Palestinian Authority , respectively . And we need to share those resources equitably . Donald Rumsfeld , America ’ s Secretary of Defense , recently spoke about the
Bush administration s global war ’ on terror . “ In this war , some of the most critical battles may not be in the mountains of Afghanistan or the streets of Iraq , but in newsrooms in New York , London
, Cairo , and elsewhere . That divide is likely to deepen , and be repeated at the next election . To stem today ’ s spiral of pessimism and avoid the burnout of crisis management , we must look at the future
in a much more positive , constructive , and dynamic manner , gaining the resilience to adapt to changing contexts , withstand sudden shocks , and recover from them while still pursuing critical goals
. Consider the social-media buzz within minutes of the bombing . The New York Post , a tabloid , emitted a stream of sensational reportage claiming that 12 people had been killed and that a Saudi national
was “ under guard ” at a Boston hospital . It reduced government employment , granted only moderate wage increases and slashed public investment . Turkey to the EU s Rescue ’ Most notably , Santos signed
the Victims and Land Restitution Law in June 2011 , in the presence of United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon . Venezuela ’ s President Hugo Chávez , for example , is using his country s oil revenues
’ to provide free literacy training and health care , to help alleviate the debts of his Argentinean and Ecuadorian neighbors , to forge energy alliances in Latin America and the Caribbean , and to propose
a strategic rapprochement with the Andean countries . Almost every Arab ruler at one time or another attempted to silence the station by closing its local bureau and pressing the Qatari rulers to muzzle
its freewheeling journalists . Former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi , confounding those who had forecast his political demise , re-emerged at the head of a populist-rightist coalition that ended up only
0.3 percentage points away from winning . The other central bank is unflappable . Whether we identify with the heroes or the victims , with the pilots of the plane that put an end to WWII or with the passive
population subjected to the hell of atomic annihilation , we are always rooting with the ``innocents'' and the ``good guys.'' Likewise , the early-1990 s recession ’ in the US depressed Japan ’ s exports
and helped to initiate its lost decade . Doing so would be even more difficult for the SDR . The Pope said that it was . A heightened security agenda since the attacks on the United States in September 2001
has included attempts to legitimize the use of “ extraordinary rendition ” ( the movement between countries of prisoners and suspects without due process of law ) and torture . Many previous revolutions
have deposed one set of corrupt rulers only to bring in a new bunch who are equally corrupt , vicious , and repressive . Instead , in his defense of the family or – , as he would put it , the sacred union
between man and woman – he pointed out how sexual arrangements outside that union were a threat to human civilization . And Europe can help the Middle East its neighboring region – – achieve this strategic
objective . Only then can the past truly be past . Above all , he must not play with fire : the US-Japan alliance is a public good that is indispensable for the peace and security of the Asia-Pacific region
. Such denial is in no one s interest ’ . That is good news . But we must not lose sight of the longer-term challenges that will remain after the storm abates . But if he holds on to power contrary to the
constitution , his popularity could easily collapse , especially as his economic policy has thrived on luck , not reform . Such insurance ­ should be attractive to homeowners if it is offered as an add-on
to their existing insurance policies . The global financial and economic crisis may also be a catalyst for promoting Europe s vision ’ of a new world order . Indeed , he admitted as much in his speech at
the launch of his political party , the All Pakistan Muslim League , from a safe distance of thousands of miles from an increasingly turbulent Pakistan . Even if the economy continues to grow at 8 % per
year , China might need 20-30 years to reallocate agricultural laborers and reach “ full employment . ” To resolve the Iraqi crisis and to consolidate a democratic system effectively means that the neo-conservative
vision of imposing democracy will have been defeated . Invariably , fundamentalists dismiss religious critiques of their views as evidence that religious authorities have been corrupted by hostile influences
. In this way , the terrorists oppose the purity and authenticity “ ” “ ” of their arguments to the compromises presumably forced upon religious establishments . In late-1980 s Yugoslavia ’ , as the socialist
regime disintegrated , the monetary authorities in Belgrade were inevitably closest to Serbian politicians such as Slobodan Milošević and to Serbian business interests . As a result , the Croats and Slovenes
wanted out of the federation . However , democratization has been a local phenomenon limited to the village level . As a country , China remains an authoritarian regime and decision-making is highly centralized
. Above all , the success of any comprehensive effort to improve drug safety hinges upon establishing an independent office of drug safety to advocate , coordinate , and provide direction to the regulatory
agenda . Such an office exists in the United Kingdom . An opposing critique , favored by some of George W. Bush s advisors ’ , holds that the Clinton Administration tried too hard to help , not that it
did not try hard enough . More broadly , the growth of FTA s ’ undermines the central principle of the multilateral trading system : trade opportunities should be offered to all countries equally . It emerges
from a president s confidence ’ that , as a popularly elected leader , he should not be constrained by the Supreme Leader s oversight ’ . WASHINGTON , DC South Asia – presents a depressing paradox . Its
strength resides in its people , its culture , and the goodwill it has built up among its customers and suppliers . There are two major geopolitical uncertainties as well . True , most recessions are reversed
, just as most booms end . Since then , democratic freedoms have been curtailed , the former prime minister and co-leader of the revolution , Yulia Tymoshenko , has been imprisoned , and President Viktor
Yanukovych s regime ’ has become internationally isolated . They , too , will have to act before the next flood or drought strikes . Indeed , many Egyptians – including senior judges – do not view the judiciary
as an independent institution . “ This is a major professional mistake . Rogoff argues that while , in hindsight , the government should have borrowed more , at the time there was a real danger that Britain
would go the way of Greece . So Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne turns out , on this view , to be a hero of global finance . Faced with a collapsing economy and approaching elections , the temptation
for Morsi to stoke nationalist , anti-Israel sentiment will become stronger . Ratification would also give us guaranteed access to funding from the European Stability Mechanism ( ESM ) , should we ever
need it . As the Stuxnet virus that infected Iran s nuclear program ’ showed , software attacks can have very real physical effects . BOSTON September 11 , 2001 – , may at least – at first seem – like an
inappropriate addition to the history of nationalism , given Al Qaeda ’ s explicitly stated global pretensions . Notwithstanding powerful adversaries both within and outside parliament , for a crucial period
political leaders can take determined , decisive action that is regarded as legitimate in the sense that public support outweighs opposition . Where will he start , telephones or tortillas ? There is all
too much choice . Their proposal was categorically rejected in a joint submission by 16 existing or future member states , all of them small countries , who insisted that the principle of rotation must
be retained , as a symbol of the equality of all member states . India has experienced slower income growth than has China , which partly explains its higher poverty rate . President Putin s ’ moves to strengthen
an integrated power system are therefore logical and correct . China s dilemma ’ remains that if it pushes too fast for reform , the Kim regime may collapse . Everyone in Europe and the world needs a unified
, robust Europe . If our faith is strong enough , we can survive this crisis without destroying what we have built together by opening our borders , destroying the Wall , unifying Germany , and completing
our democratic transitions . Certainly , there are many potential benefits for China to be gained from the RMB s internationalization ’ : Pathogens come into contact with susceptible hosts that they have
never before encountered , and that never had the opportunity to evolve resistance . The remarkable 64-year reign of 83-year-old King Bhumibol Adulyadej deserves credited for Thailand s unity and stability
’ , which kept communism at bay and enabled steady economic development , warts and all . China s Slave Power ’ In Ukraine , political forces resisting closer strategic links to the West have gained ground
. And the Kremlin is aggressively portraying the planned establishment of a modest US missile defense installation in Poland and the Czech Republic as a threat to Russia s vital security interests ’ . A
recent credit card commercial depicts a father and son traveling to Norway to trace their family s origins ’ . The announcement that Tokyo will host the 2020 Olympic Games has also boosted public confidence
. It is time for China to seriously consider allowing the renminbi to float freely , while reserving the right to intervene when it must , and tighten the management of cross-border capital flows ( permissible
under last November s G-20 agreements ’ ) . In an era of globalization , there are no innocent bystanders . There are certainly no oases of prosperity in the face of yet another major shock in the global
economy . In both cases , standstill triumphed over progress . Designing an environment to suit animals psychological and physiological needs ’ would be far preferable to the minimalism , otherwise known
as “ standardization , ” that is currently employed . Any voluntary resumption of lending will necessitate reducing both fears and potential opportunities . Here the private sector also has a role to play
. Experts from the European Commission and from my foundations are developing a demonstration project to make private-sector internships available to Roma youth enrolled in vocational schools . Central
banks increasingly realize that no matter how much legal independence they have , their credibility with investors requires transparent monetary policy and effective communication with politicians and
the wider public . When EU leaders met last spring to assess progress , they pitifully recognized that the Lisbon Strategy s goal ’ was unlikely to be met . The best that they could do now would be to dump
the pretense of a strategy and carry on with the other business . And he spoke disparagingly of foreign nations , especially Great Britain . The European Parliament can exercise its power only if citizens
feel represented there . As Kemal Derviş , a vice president of the Brookings Institution , recently put it : “ If independent technocrats are allowed to determine long-term policy and set objectives that
cannot be influenced by democratic majorities , democracy itself is in serious jeopardy . ” A soccer team is a relatively simple organization . The desire to exact revenge on Musharraf for stifling democracy
and failing to provide Bhutto with sufficient security will only inflame a political atmosphere that Pakistani liberals seek to de-radicalize . Moreover , income growth has contributed to improved education
. The central bank cannot create growth in an economy that has a bad supply side ; in the US , with highly competitive markets , the central bank can afford to stand by . Evoking the self-righteous outrage
of guochi , three young Chinese males engaged in the following exchange of messages on the internet : Tortured by my own brother ( Museveni 's chief of internal security ) , I was released after local and
international pressure , and I left Uganda for Britain . COLD SPRING HARBOR – Since the human genome was first sequenced in 2000 , genome science has accelerated at a remarkable rate . The median rate of
growth in developing-country per capita GNP between 1980 and 1998 was 0.0 % - no ringing endorsement of Washington Consensus policies . But regional neighbors find it hard to criticize one another s policies
’ and demand course corrections . Political sensitivities run especially high in Asia . Terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia have led many to question not only the ruling House of Saud 's prospects for survival
, but also whether the kingdom is fundamentally dysfunctional and destructive . Somehow , it seems , Saudi society has produced a stream of violent fanaticism that draws its inspiration from extreme religious
orthodoxy . And this fall , the US Environmental Protection Agency proposed emissions standards for new power plants that would rule out conventional coal power – an important step that would cut carbon
pollution and drive innovation . I went to Bhutan to understand better how GNH is being applied . An equally simplistic view of democracy is that it is a political system in which periodic competitive elections
give the winner the right to govern without constraint . Fortunately , these new donors are becoming trusted partners in Africa . Kenya s test ’ “ and learn ” approach to regulation has unleashed the potential
of mobile-phone-based financial-service delivery through M-PESA , which offers consumers a safe and convenient alternative to cash . While ongoing for weeks or months , these events have not yet produced
their full disruptive impact on the global economy . Welby s request ’ to die was widely publicized in Italy , where it led to heated debate . At the time of writing , it is unclear whether Riccio will
be charged with any offense . Economies of scale and other factors are also important . It is particularly ironic that many Kurds from Turkey s southeastern provinces ’ , having been promised Armenian property
and a guaranteed place in heaven for killing infidels , were willingly complicit in the genocide . Thinking about countries in these comprehensive terms also provides a different strategic perspective .
Clinton has created a raft of new positions at the State Department to spur outreach to different social segments . If single genes can determine the life span of mammals , it should be possible to develop
drugs that bind to these genes ' proteins and alter their activities . It is about innovation finding inexpensive solutions – , often improvised on the fly , within the constraints of a resource-starved
developing country full of poor people . The world embarked on the creation of international criminal tribunals a decade and a half ago in order to end the impunity with which heads of state and leaders
of guerrilla groups commit atrocious crimes . Revelations of torture , extraordinary rendition , and warrantless electronic surveillance all depended on investigative journalism of a kind that is now threatened
by budget cuts and the media s relentless focus ’ on whatever is current often – at the expense of what is genuinely newsworthy . HIV combination prevention package “ ” But , though many technical details
need to be fleshed out , some of the world s smartest people ’ work in the relevant regulatory agencies . Unfortunately , almost two years after Lehman s collapse ’ , little has been done to address this
risk . The United States Congress is about to finalize a bill that will grant resolution authority over major US financial institutions to a newly formed systemic council . Those with a job are protected
, those without one are hurt . There were , for example , those who questioned whether the Cold War was in fact necessary and whether the Soviet Union and Communism constituted a threat . As I conducted
my reporting , I heard woman after woman allege that the same professor or the same fraternity had engaged in multiple instances of assault or harassment . But the parliamentary elections held on December
4 , which gave barely 50 % to United Russia ( Putin used to be able to guarantee about 70 % ) , had to be fiercely controlled , with an overwhelming police presence . That is a grave mistake , because progress
in the negotiations with Iran over its nuclear program would create a more propitious climate for resolving the region ’ s other problems . As social-first users start to engage in business , whether at
work or for their own finances , purchases , and the like , they will have to keep track of their communications . I suspect that many will agree with this view . They will agree that our ability to distinguish
right from wrong is something precious that we should safeguard , not a broken clock that scientists should fix . A US-backed Israeli-Syrian peace could transform the strategic environment , potentially
drawing other Middle East spoilers into a system of regional cooperation and security . Some can migrate , but others ( such as polar bears ) are likely to be driven to extinction unless we take decisive
action to head off climate change . With 3,000 villages destroyed and 1.5 million people already displaced in eastern Burma , a humanitarian disaster has been unfolding for some time now . Throughout these
troubles , China has held its tongue , sticking to its policy of non-interference in the internal affairs of any nation . It is time to begin anew , and Obama s full-throated defense ’ of a progressive
vision points the US in the right direction . Indeed , Russia is running fiscal and current account surpluses of 2 % and 17 % of GDP respectively . Official diplomacy begins where the battlefield ends .
Unfortunately , in today ’ s most consequential militarized conflicts , that boundary is still nowhere in sight . World leaders appear partly ignorant and partly deceptive in responding to the allegations
. Barnier favors European directives that impose uniform rules for all member states – so called “ maximum harmonization measures ” . Arab Spring governments condemned the outrageous movie smearing the Prophet
of Islam , but they should have stressed that American official and unofficial bodies had nothing to do with the film s production ’ . In other words , it is the AAA of AAAs . Under Wolfowitz , the World
Bank failed to introduce any serious governance reforms to reflect the rising economic power of Asia . Under Rato , the IMF at least took some modest steps towards giving China and other rapidly emerging
markets more say in running the place . As it spread , it carried the seeds of democracy everywhere . Moreover , fair global rules can help to democratize “ ” the global market , especially if they are embedded
in institutions with a degree of autonomy for highly professional staff who can act with some independence from short-term political pressures . It should come as no surprise that the anti-globalists erstwhile
punching ’ bags – the World Bank and , increasingly , the IMF and the WTO – are more open and transparent than many of their member states . As German Chancellor Angela Merkel has pointed out , though Europe
is home to just 7 % of the world s population ’ and produces 25 % of the world s wealth ’ , it accounts for 50 % of global welfare payments . We cannot control it in one country if there is an outbreak
next door . “ The world economy has become less risky as it has recovered from recession , and as banks and households have reduced their debts . What I propose is novel : it would leverage the IMF 's $
30 billion loan to Brazil tenfold ( and set a useful precedent ) . Several reports that will influence the McCain and Obama campaigns are already being written in Washington . But none of these will be
able to chart a way forward for transatlantic cooperation . Many of these leftists , before their turn to revolution , came from religious backgrounds . So they suffered a double loss . In announcing that
it would stop accepting donations for the victims of the tsunami after collecting 40 million € for that purpose , Médecins Sans Frontières noted its urgent need for funds for such man-made catastrophes
as Darfur in Sudan and for the Democratic Republic of Congo . With free international commerce , small regions have smaller costs in becoming independent . For this reason , ethnic , linguistic , and religious
groups can find it more convenient to secede , if they do not have to bare the costs of finding themselves within an economy and a market that are too small . Commentaries in leading newspapers and on-line
journals demonstrated a diversity of opinion seldom seen in the country 's state-controlled media , and precipitated wider discussion in people 's living rooms . When she died , her doctor and Kim Jong-il
were the only people present . Augmenting US and British troops with other " Western " forces would not , particularly at this late stage , change the fundamental perception of that intervention , both
in the Arab world and beyond it . I happen to believe that the political transition will occur smoothly . Others suggest that it will be and – already is – a difficult period of turmoil and uncertainty
. Gorbachev ’ s hard-line Politburo adversaries , like those who had hemmed in Khrushchev at the time of the Berlin Wall s construction ’ , were determined to preserve the decrepit system that the Wall
symbolized . That outcome seemed highly likely six months ago , when global financial markets nearly collapsed . The overall budget deficit is still predicted to be 4.1 % of Greece s GDP ’ in 2013 – a substantial
improvement compared to 2010 but still far from fiscal balance . That is true , of course , but the damage that this relatively small group inflicted was monumental . Securing a binding commitment from China
s ’ government to limit its nuclear development is crucial to reassuring the US and Russia that further strategic-weapons cuts will not undermine global or regional stability . Moreover , Putin himself
is in the business of sterilizing Russia s democratic processes ’ by handpicking his successor and having his courts and electoral commissions block his opponents from political participation , often tarring
them as traitors . This richer notion stems from ancient Japanese culture , which perceived the overlap between geometry and meaning . So , if the exit is small , even the faintest whiff of smoke can trigger
a stampede . The hotels assaulted and burned in November reopened their doors a month later . The basic value that life is sacred rests only on our ability to transcend and question our own making , even
if this foundation is necessarily a product of life . He cannot be dismissed as a functionary with no political base . As a result , the IMF , a custodian of some of the international reserves held by the
world s central banks ’ , risks losing tens of billions of dollars . None of this is easy , but South Africa must now act decisively in order to polish its tarnished image as a responsible regional power
. Business “ as usual ” is no longer a viable approach for South African foreign policy . And it is this liquidity and quality of information that ultimately propels economic growth . It would be a mistake
of historic proportions to delay it . For stalling could pose a serious threat to European stability far out of proportion to enlargement ’ s costs . People relate much more readily to a friend dying of
cancer than they do to statistics about strangers suffering from the consequences of testing . How many designers in America or Europe can say the same ? NEW YORK – North Americans of my generation grew
up with the 1970 s children ’ ’ s record Free to Be “ ... You and Me , ” on which Rosey Grier , an immense former football star , sang “ It ’ s Alright to Cry . ” He argues that economists became blind
to catastrophic macro failure because they mistook the beauty or elegance of theoretical models for truth . In the 1990 s ’ , Argentina tied its hands with a dollar-pegged currency in order to enhance its
credibility as a borrower . While there has been some progress on harmonizing standards and extending surveillance , there has been far too much emphasis on strengthening governance in developing countries
and not enough on systemic problems linked to unregulated private capital flows . In fact , Humala has singled out Chilean contracts and investments as targets for revision . At the same time , he has spoken
of reinforcing the armed forces , which implies buying weapons . Obama cannot be faulted for trying . That is a remarkable achievement . Roadmap 2050 focuses on greening the power system . Social Security
s actuaries ’ may not have fully recognized the impact of today ’ s technological revolutions , but they have markedly boosted the scale of the system that the US government can afford . Perhaps he should
have taken that as a sign that he should rethink his position . Germany did not have a real-estate bubble that threatened to burst , as did Great Britain , Ireland , Spain , and France . Germany has only
been indirectly affected – by the decline in worldwide demand for German products – which explains an important timing difference in the business cycle . The possession of a gun is the ultimate test of
individualism , and using guns in wars is not abhorrent . Similarly , the European Union has long advocated a two-state solution , with Palestine being established on areas occupied by Israel in 1967 . In
countries where order may break down at any moment , it may not be better--as it is in stable , well ordered countries--to let ten guilty men go free rather than punish one innocent man wrongly . In our
global war on AIDS , the international community is on the verge of snatching defeat from the jaws of victory . Instead of having more time for leisure , they spent more time at and commuting to work .
They were more often in moods that they described as hostile , angry , anxious , and tense . Specifically , Keynes denied that saving is simply deferred spending . In that case , they can continue to catch
up , at least for the next decade or more . That won ’ t be good for profits , or for the poor . US Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner recently informed members of Congress that the government will be in
this situation on or around August 2 . Having already officially hit the ceiling , the Treasury is moving money around and tapping various pots of unused funds to pay its bills . I have heard that line
many times when I have testified before the US Congress . These slight variations are part of what makes each of us different from other members of our species . The cheap credit ushered in by the euro fed
an inflationary economic bubble in southern Europe that burst when the financial crisis hit . Under this scheme , each worker would have an individual account balance ( treated as an IRA from a tax perspective
) , but the assets that secure the plan ’ s benefits would be held in a pooled trust , with a real return guaranteed by private insurance and paid out as an annuity upon retirement . Accounts would be
linked to workers , not to their employers , ensuring portability between jobs . All we have are comparisons between what happened at different times . What these comparisons show is that markets plus government
have done better than markets minus government . Encouraging economic and political reform are important objectives , but they can never serve as a substitute for a serious effort to contain Russia s deep-seated
expansionism ’ . And in the US , even if President Barack Obama and the Republicans in Congress agree on a budget plan that avoids the looming fiscal cliff “ , ” spending cuts and tax increases will invariably
lead to some drag on growth in 2013 – at least 1 % of GDP . Such a declaration would also be an enormous act of self-empowerment for the Palestinians . So the death penalty debate boils down to an exchange
of conflicting ethical and utilitarian views . For this reason alone , the IAEA s board ’ must refer Iran to the Security Council for further actions , as required by the agency s charter ’ . It is hard
to keep up the climate panic as reality diverges from the alarmist predictions more than ever before : the global temperature has not risen over the past ten years , it has declined precipitously in the
last year and a half , and studies show that it might not rise again before the middle of the next decade . With a global recession looming and high oil and food prices undermining the living standards
of the Western middle class , it is becoming ever harder to sell the high-cost , inefficient Kyoto-style solution of drastic carbon cuts . Data obtained from animal experiments show that harmful physiological
changes result from the inability of the brain and body to respond to repeated stress with adaptive modifications in structure and function . Three brain areas - the hippocampus , the prefrontal cortex
, and the amygdala - are particularly susceptible to pathological changes in size and function . President Barack Obama has repeatedly warned that the transfer of wealth to hostile oil producing countries
is a major threat to US national security . In addition , the moderation of inflationary pressure as a result of slower growth and cooling global commodity markets will allow Chinese and other Asian policymakers
to shift their focus from containing economic overheating to rebalancing growth . Like oxygen being sucked out of our metaphorical airplane in midflight , deleveraging destabilizes societies and undermines
the traditional effectiveness of official policies . Beyond the Gender Gap Yet no single event did more to bring down communism in Europe – and thus to re-shape the post-war international order . Most would
agree that a crisis exists if just some of these misery indices “ ” are present . But , while Europe is widely perceived to be in the grip of crisis , only a handful of them are present , and in only a
few eurozone countries . Balls are among the most important " freedom generators " in our lives . This year , we got an answer : a new Five-Year Plan that makes environmental protection a priority . I know
that stirrings of democracy have been crushed before : in Budapest in 1956 , Prague in 1968 , and in Tiananmen Square in 1989 . The China Threat , Part Two ? Where do we draw the line between West and East
? But EU membership has always been about more than economic integration and trade flows . Neither side is interested in escalation or a breakdown . Private non-profit organizations and private enterprise
, rather than governments directly , are best equipped to provide this type of training and expertise for leadership development and capacity building . The job of democratic governments is to provide
the resources that can make delivery of this aid possible . While the US has a major stake in the outcome , EU countries obviously have the most significant interests in the region , and perhaps this time
they will assume a corresponding leadership role . In 2002 , a research group at the State University of New York , Stony Brook , created a functional , infectious poliovirus solely from basic , off-the-shelf
chemical building blocks.amp # 160 ; Their only blueprint for engineering the genome was the known sequence of RNA ( which comprises the viral genome and is chemically very similar to DNA ) . Similar to
the 1967 experiments , the infectious RNA was synthesized enzymatically . The good times were also buoyed by easier access to low-cost capital , much of which has come in the wake of the global financial
crisis . China appears to have seen the standoff over the Senkaku Islands as a test of wills – a test Kan s government ’ failed abysmally . Winning the European Confidence Game Nevertheless , all US Treasury
secretaries , going back at least to Robert Rubin in the Clinton administration , have repeated the mantra that “ a strong dollar is good for America whenever ” they were asked about the dollar s value
’ . Africa needs substantial investments to correct these shortfalls : $ 75 billion to close its 135-gigawatt power deficit by 2015 , and $ 37 billion to improve transport infrastructure . So , perhaps in
a mature democracy , human rights should be dignified by actions rather than words . In fact , when it comes to deterring Iran from developing nuclear weapons or , – for that matter , exerting pressure
on Israel and the Palestinians ( including Hamas ) to reach a compromise – a group of powers such as the US , China , India , and Russia might produce better results than a sole superpower imprisoned by
its own contradictions and limitations . Indeed , financial markets end up doing much of the Fed 's work for it . When an HIV-positive mother receives antenatal treatment so that her child can be born HIV-free
, we change the future . Most CO2 emissions result from the burning of fossil fuels coal – , oil , and natural gas – for energy , global consumption of which is rising as the world economy grows . The EU
has made clear its willingness to help a democratic Serbia re-join the family of Europe . Until credibility is re-established , the risk of a speculative attack on public debt – reflected in the current
rise in credit default swap spreads – would linger , given the ongoing budget deficit and the need to roll over maturing debt . Foreign policy is another story . By defending our constitution we defend democracy
. Anyone who thought that things would be different was either delusional or ignorant of Russia . This would devastate agriculture in the Middle East and North Africa , with crop yields falling by 15-35
% , depending on the strength of carbon fertilization . Many heavily indebted companies are SOEs , and most of the new projects that they initiate are “ super-projects , ” with the return on investment
taking longer than creditor banks expect . That money ultimately comes from individuals and employers who pay it in taxes , insurance premiums , or direct payments , and should be intercepted somewhere
between the payers and the health-care delivery system . No matter how good a leader is , success is not assured and pure chance plays a larger role than many care to admit . Unfortunately , stimulus spending
and the related bailout of the financial system , together with the recession s effect ’ on revenues , contributed to fiscal deficits on the order of 10 % of GDP in most advanced economies . To the Anglo-American
economist , any such proposal is anathema , because it smacks of the dreaded lump “ of labor ” fallacy – the idea , once popular in trade-union circles , that there exists only a certain amount of work
, and it should be shared out fairly . A more accurate portrait of the wealth of nations must account not only for income , but also for natural and social assets . Similarly , the US played no role in the
political revolutions underway in the Arab world , and still has not demonstrated any clear policy response to them . Keeping alive the international community s commitment ’ – that is , seeking an international
solution to Haiti ’ s tragedy – is a vital necessity for the Dominicans . Now it appears that President George W. Bush s closest ally ’ in the hemisphere will not only have its FTA rejected , owing to human
rights concerns in the US House and Senate . Moreover , it might also lose Plan Colombia , the huge and hugely controversial American aid program – – that has funneled tens of billions of dollars into
Colombia since the late 1990 s ’ , ostensibly to fight the drug cartels , but also , in fact , to wage counter-insurgency . Although there are vast differences surrounding the departure of the IMF and Bank
heads , there are some worrisome similarities . In the debate over the Guantanamo Bay prisoners and the Geneva Convention America 's realists have , once again , won out over America 's ideologues . As
if to confirm that the lesson has sunk in , Secretary of State Colin Powell has just informed Russia that the US is ready , after all , to enter a binding treaty on the reduction of nuclear weapons . To
gain control of the rump Likud , Netanyahu had to move sharply to the right . In the longer term , Netanyahu may again rise to the top in a post-Sharon era , if he is able to regain the center . What can
be done ? But the growth has been from almost nothing to slightly more than almost nothing . Brazil now has more than 130 million subscribers , and Indonesia has roughly 120 million . In Africa , which contains
the world s poorest countries ’ , the market is soaring , with more than 280 million subscribers . The past three months , however , have seen a significant slowdown in China s exports ’ , domestic investment
, industrial output , and tax revenues . After all , Cold War containment of the USSR meant virtually no trade and little social contact . Today , by contrast , the US not only has massive trade with China
, but also extensive social contact , including 125,000 Chinese students attending American universities . China regards the SCO as a stage for broadening its influence over a vast region , ranging from
the Asia-Pacific to Southwest Asia , the Middle East , East Africa , and the Indian Ocean . Both parties fared poorly in the election in July of a new General National Congress , with only Qaid winning
a seat . They can destroy but not create . It is worth noting that the people who went into the streets of Cairo and Damascus calling for change were not shouting the slogans of Al Qaeda or supporting its
agenda . More fundamentally , the US has long been a leading example of what market economies and democratic politics can accomplish . Un-wedging America without a crisis – attaining the economists grail
’ of a soft landing “ ” – requires that a great many people and institutions with enormous holdings of dollar-denominated assets passively stand by and take no action while those dollar-denominated assets
lose a third or more of their value against other currencies . It is not a lack of political ability which will stymie them , but rather a lack of political power . MOSCOW : Vladimir Putin has more to celebrate
than his election as Russia s president ’ in his own right . Surveillance will not be easy . As Sandel points out , perhaps we could design a world in which we all have access to mood-brightening drugs and
cosmetic surgery ; in which athletes have access to safe , performance-enhancing drugs ; in which we could safely choose and manipulate the genetic traits of our children ; and in which we eat factory-farmed
pigs and chickens that are genetically engineered not to feel pain . Thus , calls for more popular participation are not essential to populism ; rather , they are a symptom of perceived exclusion ( which
might well be a reality , especially in Latin America ) . Russian politicians urged him to haggle , arguing that President Bush would give him anything : money , debt forgiveness , and technology . In the
face of public anger with Israel , Turkey 's military continued building its security relationship with the Jewish state , and recently awarded Israel a lucrative tank modernization contract . Rahul Gandhi
bears the name , if not the lineage , of the Mahatma ( to whom he is not related ) . But Gülen shows that there are many other economic sectors , such as healthcare , that could actually create more jobs
for the same amount of government investment . Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , who became Iran s president ’ after Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini s death ’ in 1989 , sought such an outcome . In 1995 , he sent clear
signals of a desire to restore diplomatic relations . In rural Iraq the tradition is that a person preferably should die at home with his or her family around . By contrast , they work very badly when viewed
as a policy framework . It is common – but almost never wise to think – that the goal of policy should be to improve countries rankings ’ . Regardless of the EU s political crisis and paralysis ’ , Europeans
should not forget how important its existence is and will continue to be . The final , most intractable aspect of incomplete knowledge is ignorance . Here , our understanding of both likelihoods and the
possibilities themselves is problematic . The colorful Tibetan district was cordoned off . In today ’ s era of globalization , marked by flexible and mobile production networks , exchange rates affect more
than exports and imports . They also affect the location of production and investment . By buying government securities , the central bank injects cash into the banking system . The NEGP will cost at least
eight times as much as the alternative Yamal II pipeline , which would have gone overland through Poland . Lately , several national leaders , including the Russian and US presidents and NATO secretary-general
, have embraced the idea of a Euro-Atlantic security community , and begun stressing the importance of fashioning a stronger and more inclusive European security order . One option discussed these days
is a special fund , financed by the ECB s major national central banks ’ and placed at the IMF s disposal ’ to help Italy and Spain . We do not need to wait until after the election to know this . So there
is no excuse for continued inaction . Children of Frenchmen This began to change as societies became more democratic and labor unions and other groups mobilized against capitalism ’ s perceived abuses . The
stock market has fallen big , by around half since March in the high-technology NASDAQ market . Greater continuity and focus will be provided through the creation of a full-time chairman of the European
Council and an EU Foreign Minister , and there is to be a three-country team presidency of other Council formations . Of course there must be some Chinese or Muslim Montaigne or Nietzsche , but they would
not be considered beacons of their civilizations . Self-criticism , not self-love , and cultural relativism are the nuts and bolts of the Western mindset . Another source is investors who feared losing
their money after the various emerging market meltdowns of the 1990 's , techno-enthusiasts chasing the pot of gold that the American technology boom seemed to offer , and the third-world rich , who think
a Deutsche Bank account is good to have in case they need to flee their countries in a Lear jet or a rubber boat . It is also our signature act as a species , the one thing we do that no other creature
does . Russia s third president ’ has a broader role and a distinct function . Conversely , portraying Putin as “ a man from the past , ” and Medvedev as “ a hope for the future , ” exaggerates the differences
between them and omits the more important factors that unite them . This will require explaining to the population the real economic challenges facing the country . It is no coincidence that much of Kenya
s ’ ongoing violence is occurring in the slums of its large cities . The Gulf War led to the Madrid Peace Conference in 1991 and the subsequent Oslo accords between the PLO and Israel in 1993 . At worst
, they may even wish to kill me . Israel has so far tolerated Egyptian military activity and force deployments that technically violate the bilateral treaty , approving them retroactively in the hope that
Egypt will do more to secure the border and crack down on weapons smuggling into Gaza . On the contrary , they make it possible for majorities to exploit minorities . While the main focus has been on the
impact of climate-change mitigation on industrialized countries , the urgent adaptation needs of the world s poorest countries ’ , in the face of possible catastrophe , have largely been ignored , at least
in terms of concrete measures . The more that these countries can invest while ensuring macroeconomic stability and balance-of-payments sustainability , the faster they can adopt better technology and production
processes . These childhood memories flooded back when I read Worse things happen at sea : the welfare of wild-caught fish , a breakthrough report released last month on fishcount.org.uk. At the height of
tensions , when China found the governments of Lee Teng-hui and Chen Shui-bian intolerable , it never ceased its policy of embracing the Taiwanese people and Taiwanese businessmen . Over time , this created
a rich web of economic interdependence , which promotes stability . The same is true of developments like the Union 's common foreign and security policy or Monetary Union , with its Euro and European Central
Bank . Yet the same calls to scale back America s social commitments ’ are heard . One might think that the SDR , as a basket of four currencies , might be attractive to central banks and governments seeking
to hedge their bets . Doubtless , we will learn more about Blair s justifications ’ for what he did , and further articulations of his interventionist creed , when he goes on the lecture circuit and , in
due course , publishes his memoirs . The pathos of his situation , though , is that no one is listening anymore . There is rubble and the gut-wrenching smell of decaying corpses . The rats have it good
; the one I accidentally stepped upon was already fat . So far , only Russia and Nicaragua recognize the independence of Abkhazia and South Ossetia . Russian recognition was widely seen as retaliation for
Western recognition of Kosovo ( population two million ) , the breakaway province of Serbia , earlier last year . The right approach will differ across country groupings and among issue areas . This calls
for redefining relationships not only between citizens and states , but also among Arab countries . Meanwhile , in Jamaica and across the rural outposts of Central America , drug lords have become benefactors
and heroes to the poor . The former point to economic development ; the latter maintain that tens , even hundreds , of billions of dollars have been squandered . With the situation threatening to escalate
further , both sides need to contain the conflict quickly and restore the status quo . Indeed , the situation is all the more volatile in view of the political transition now underway in China . It will
remain very tempting for each generation to say , “ My grandchildren will be two or three times richer than I , so who cares if they have to pay some debt ? ” Looking for something , or someone , to blame
comes naturally to politicians and those who fear having made a big mistake . In his recent State of the Union address , President Barack Obama painted a convincing picture of modern , twenty-first-century
government . His Republican Party opponents complained that Obama s proposals ’ would bust the budget . The country has been so devastated by the Mugabe regime that substantial international engagement
will be required to put it back on its feet . The Korean people have a historical right to determine their peninsula ’ s future arrangements , including unification should they so choose . How this increasingly
likely process unfolds will have enormous political and security consequences for the region . This is the genius of “ social democracy , ” the philosophy pioneered in Scandinavia , but also deployed in
many developing countries , such as Costa Rica . Unemployment , above 12 % on average , is at a record high . But they still insisted that steady increases of demand at a fast enough rate would keep demand
one step ahead of the money wage level , so that employment could be kept as high as desired , albeit at the cost of steady inflation . Now the Europeans are setting up a European Monetary Fund – a nickname
that Europeans may oppose – in cooperation with the IMF . Their big corporations helped entrench racist regimes with notorious contract-labor systems that amounted to little more than slavery . Fighting
the French Exception Note first the phenomenal growth of productivity in the new sector . In the beginning , the authority given to these new posts was somewhat overstated in order to make their powers effective
. Now their functioning has become more or less normal . Significant shifts in power ( typically as a result of changes in commodity prices ) and ideology , or changes in the economics of projects , can
lead to renegotiations , especially when it comes to large investments in natural resources and infrastructure . But often the reason is that the host country considers a contract to be unfair . Fortunately
for East Asia , most seem to approach power with a keen sense of duty and a commitment to strengthening their countries . CANBERRA / SEOUL – Almost four years after the start of the global financial crisis
, the world economy remains fragile and unemployment is unacceptably high . There are roughly 200 million unemployed people worldwide , including nearly 75 million young people . So , when an ideologically
implacable Republican opposition , in his very first days in office , threw the vision back in his face , adopting a policy of scorched-earth opposition , the rejection was about more than policy – it
affected his very being . The dreams from his father were at an end , and he was left , as he only slowly realized , with the themeless pragmatism that has become the hallmark of his administration . India
, which spends 3.2 % of GDP on education , ranks lower than the average in Sub-Saharan Africa . That modification allowed Greece , Spain , and Italy to be admitted . Will this environmental disaster persuade
Americans to look harder at their incontinent use of energy ? Will it affect their love affair with the internal combustion engine and air conditioning ? Among other problems , the US relies heavily on
drones and bombers , leading to a high civilian death toll , which is inflaming public attitudes against the US . I have yet to receive an answer . Joe Stork , Human Rights Watch s Middle East director ,
’ rejected Israel s justification ’ of the fuel cuts as a way to force Palestinian armed groups to stop their rocket and suicide attacks . Yet these countries deeply flawed systems ’ of national energy
governance will make such collective action all the more challenging . Moreover , changes in financial markets also have far reaching macroeconomic consequences . For Latin America , Wikileaks has so far
provided enticing tidbits of both gossip and substance about Brazil and Argentina ; interesting , first-rate analysis regarding Honduras , Bolivia , and Mexico ; and a few intriguing notes about regional
politics and international relations . First , the role of technocrats in China s senior leadership ’ is on the wane . The demise of compromise and collegiality in domestic politics has raised new challenges
in America s ’ interaction with others as well . After all , the DPJ came to power on a promise to balance Japan ’ s dependence on the US with closer ties with the People s Republic ’ . But its bridge-building
agenda foundered on growing Chinese assertiveness , leading successive DPJ governments to bolster Japan s security ties ’ with the US . For example , speaking recently in New Delhi , Secretary of State
John Kerry said that the key to stabilizing Afghanistan is to build a new silk road “ ” connecting it with central Asia – a cynical contrivance apparently aimed at cloaking America ’ s failure in illusions
of future commerce . Kerry s insistence ’ that the US is not withdrawing , but “ drawing down , ” is a similarly transparent attempt at manipulation . The perception of military parity has altered . As part
of the price for his release , Chiang recognized the Communists as legitimate . If we adopt the parlance employed by al-Qaeda while at the same time proclaiming our intention to communicate with the whole
Muslim world , we run the risk of reinforcing al-Qaeda s message ’ . The competition “ of ideas ” appears to be confined to al-Qaeda s jihadi agenda ’ . The EU urgently needs to build a common energy policy
and a single market for natural gas . But , on the other hand , some of Bush ’ s more intemperate Republican colleagues might have told him that global warming will lift ocean levels to the point where
many of the coastal blue states “ ” , which tend to vote for the opposition Democrats , will be washed away , leaving only red Republican states “ ” in the center of the country . Investors thus assumed
that they did not need to assess the credit risk of eurozone countries ’ ( national ) public debt . Or are they , as a director of SmithKline Beecham purportedly claimed , " the currency of the future .
" Rather , sustainable , pro-poor growth is the key , requiring political stability – that is , peace and security for individuals good governance – , and ownership of policies by all stakeholders . On the
structural front , measures to enhance wage and price flexibility would improve resiliency to asymmetric shocks and would help the new countries ' cyclical fluctuations become more attuned to the rest
of the EU . French President Nicolas Sarkozy s call ’ for the European Central Bank to intervene to curtail the soaring euro is commonly seen as a sign that he neither understands nor trusts markets . Today
’ s financial crisis , triggered by the collapse of the housing bubble in the United States , also marks the end of an era of credit expansion based on the dollar as the international reserve currency
. ( Unfortunately , benign as current market conditions may seem , there will surely be a next time for some countries . ) While lending by the World Bank did fall below its mid-1990 s level ’ , it is growing
again , reflecting the expansion of regional multilateral banks and a policy pendulum that is swinging back to publicly-financed infrastructure projects . Observers were harassed and obstructed , and monitoring
Web sites were shut down or hacked by the government . And yet confidence in the recent decisions taken in Brussels remains low , owing not only to dissipated trust and the fuss about the British veto ,
but also to the apparent absence of measures to intervene in the current crisis . In principle , of course , one should always assume that foreign intelligence services attempt to listen in on other governments
’ conversations . But it makes a big difference whether such activities are conducted by Russia or China , or by an ally that repeatedly emphasizes the importance of close transatlantic friendship and
cooperation . But it is vitally important to decouple the Korean peace process from Sino-American and Russo-American rivalries , particularly on the emerging hot button issues of national missile defense
( NMD ) and theatre missile defense ( TMD ) programs that America is contemplating . By engaging Iran in talks that would cover not only the nuclear issue but other aspects of Iran s destabilizing role
’ in the region , he would either reach agreements that lowered the dangers from Iran , or he would mobilize a stronger international coalition to isolate Iran . If government-bond purchases are monetary
operations , as the ECB claims , the ESM is overreaching ; if they are fiscal operations , it is the ECB that has crossed the line . The choice to save the banks from the financial consequences of their
own errors indicates a shift in values away from belief in the wisdom of the market . Evidently , the market got some things – like the value of certain financial securities – horrendously wrong . OXFORD
– A new way of thinking about individual choice has taken the political landscape by storm . America ’ s new president Barack Obama and the leader of the British Conservatives , David Cameron ( just to
drop a couple of names ) have shown an interest in it . Its intellectual and academic pedigree is impeccable . Rather than spurring investment in plant and equipment , low interest rates inflated a real-estate
bubble . Europe ’ s Path to Disunity Poverty is an intrinsically dynamic phenomenon . After Israel ’ s inability last summer to achieve a conclusive victory over Hezbollah in southern Lebanon , public pressure
forced Prime Minister Ehud Olmert s government ’ to appoint a commission to examine the causes of this surprising failure . How could a small militia , numbering less than a few thousand combatants , survive
the onslaught of the Middle East s most formidable military machine ’ ? If actual output is below potential output , this means that total spending is insufficient to buy what the economy can produce . Yet
Hollywood s greed ’ knows no limit , and America s trade negotiators ’ take no prisoners . By 2020 , according to the McKinsey Global Institute , we will face the twin problems of a shortfall of up to 40
million high-skill workers and a surplus of up to 95 million low-skill workers . As the currency declined , Asian central banks have been seen buying euros hand over fist to bolster their euro reserve assets
. But these old powers have neither the legitimacy nor the power to sustain the global order into the future , while the new rising powers have yet to demonstrate which values they will articulate and promote
. They have to develop their vision of a new global economy , beyond complaints about its asymmetric power structure . I am not suggesting that the government should sit on its hands . It needs to provide
an expanded form of deposit insurance during this time of turmoil , so that there are no more Northern Rock-style bank runs . With its establishment , resulting from long and terrible experience , the basic
idea of modernity – that the power of states and their rulers should be subject to the rule of higher law , thus placing individual rights above state sovereignty – has taken a great step forward . He told
his movement : “ Those people who dress in red down to their underwear are suspect , and the same goes for the word socialism ‘ . ’ As Carmen Reinhart and Kenneth Rogoff argue , recoveries from crises that
result from over-leveraged balance sheets are slow and typically resistant to traditional macroeconomic stimulus . Over-levered households cannot spend , over-levered banks cannot lend , and over-levered
governments cannot stimulate . It would be in the long-term interest of the permanent members to do so . Not really . The Tea Party radicalization “ ” of Netanyahu s Likud party ’ does not augur well for
the chances of a robust peace process . Europeans would benefit directly through improved Internet access , lower energy costs , and more efficient transport links . But , faced with the need to manage climate
risk for our investors and our descendants , we believe the Blueprints outcomes provide the best balance between economy , energy , and environment . This belief is not false but it exaggerates one aspect
of reality to the exclusion of others . The 1933 Conference looked like a classic detective novel in which every party had a reason to be a suspect . Voting on budgets in Parliament – a representative institution
– ensured that the people as a whole were liable for the obligations incurred by their government . A constitutional approach limited the scope for wasteful spending on luxurious court life ( and on military
adventure ) , which had been the hallmark of early modern autocratic monarchy . Both countries together , however , must inaugurate the step towards economic union , which requires that both governments
actually want that . The international community needs a setting where it can debate the most sensitive economic issues , including – but certainly not limited to – exchange rate issues . So devaluation
is unlikely to be effective in boosting the overall rate of growth . Worse , banks failed to understand the first principle of risk management : diversification only works when risks are not correlated
, and macro-shocks ( such as those that affect housing prices or borrowers ability ’ to repay ) affect the probability of default for all mortgages . If you worry about getting your money out of a country
when times turn tough , China is not an attractive place to hold your reserves . LONDON – As Europe s financial crisis ’ goes from acute to chronic , the dispute over who will bear the costs of resolving
it is fueling the emergence of a new generation of political movements . The End of the Special Relationship ? LONDON : The glow of optimism at the European Union 's Helsinki summit last month , when EU
leaders decided to extend membership negotiations to all ten candidate countries from Central and Eastern Europe , plus Malta and Cyprus , is fading fast . Effort then becomes more important than having
the right genes . In short , expect central banks to devote greater attention to unemployment . And it is a good thing that the official sector is paying more attention to joblessness – a very good thing
. The larger the market , the larger the cost advantage . Globalization may not have created these layers of conflicts , but it has accelerated them by making the differences more visible and palpable .
In our globalized age , we have lost the privilege – and , paradoxically , the virtue – of ignorance . This suggests that the measures will succeed in stemming upward pressure on the renminbi . Unfortunately
, it appears that Japan has forgotten many of its own lessons – especially the BOJ ’ s disappointing experience with zero interest rates and QE in the early 2000 s ’ . In each case , however , a substantial
portion of the decision making should be entrusted to specialized authorities of the region , with the proviso that the aid will be given on condition that they cooperate . America ’ s Broken Dream The thinking
behind the 1990 s approach ’ to monetary policy is still fundamentally valid , but it requires institutional strengthening . Similarly , the two countries have a common interest in stabilizing mainland
China s relations ’ with Taiwan . The current formula , maintaining the status quo , offers the highest common denominator . They worry that even after undertaking structural reforms to reduce the attractiveness
of unemployment benefits and increase the ability of workers to move to jobs and of firms to move to workers , central bankers will continue to insist on tight money . Inaction in other areas will be bad
news for many . Indeed , a financial G-6 “ ” may today make more sense than the current G-7 , but that may no longer hold true tomorrow . Still , to insist that Latin American democracy has been a major
disappointment would not merely be pessimistic ; it would fail to recognize that the most important values of a free society include the capacity to change , to rectify , and to improve . Cricket has seized
the Indian national imagination like no other sport . In its way , All4Syria has provided an indirect conduit for dialogue between government and opposition , which may not have taken place otherwise . Even
though assets such as land were completely secure ( in most English villages , land had passed from owner to owner unchallenged through the courts for 800 years or more ) , investors had to be paid real
returns of 10 % to hold land . There is certainly some truth in that , but what many Argentines fail to realize is that a country 's wealth is no longer measured by its endowment of natural resources but
by the strength of its institutions , the quality of its human resources , and its productivity . You just can t rely ’ on politicians ! ” While the yearning for dignity , freedom of expression , and real
democratic participation was the driving force underlying the Arab revolutions , economic discontent played a vital role , and economic factors will help to determine how the transition in the Arab world
unfolds . Here , three fundamental and longer-term challenges are worth bearing in mind . Poverty has grown since Chávez took office in 1998 ; government finances and the trade balance are more dependent
on oil revenues than before , and , aside from Cuban literacy programs and neighborhood barefoot doctor services “ ” , the overall welfare of the poor remains the same , if not worse . America s Tea Party
’ populists often imagine an unholy alliance of left-liberal , bi-coastal elites and the African-American underclass ( an alliance that in their eyes is embodied in President Barack Obama ) . But , with
no single all-powerful leader , it will be hard for any successor to force through the difficult decisions required by such an orientation . We are entering a period when good science is vital for our survival
. Meanwhile , in response to persistent media pressure , Romney has unveiled his policies to boost short-term job creation . Nigerian officials are anxious to swat away charges that Shell padded its figures
for reserves in Nigeria to take advantage of lax oversight and regulatory mechanisms and reap millions of dollars in bonus payments . The problem is worse in most other countries . Throughout your trip ,
and in the years afterward , the mists that had obscured some incredibly simple yet powerful natural explanations lifted . Mass production , large corporations , a continent _ wide market , and electric
power could not come to pass without institutional and legal changes that underlay the economic transformation . Democracy also requires recognizing the rights of individuals . In addition to reducing mortality
, new medical techniques can also have a huge effect on the quality of life . Although the United Kingdom is currently building two carriers of its own , the Royal Navy is years away from the capability
to deliver instant airpower from the sea . Nevertheless , Europe is reasonably equipped to defend itself against external threats . They forbid libel and fraud . According to some EU countries , the Commission
s proposal ’ is too ambitious to enter into force at the beginning of 2013 . NATO is often described as a construction with two pillars and an architrave symbolizing the common values that form the basis
of the alliance . Unless Montenegro 's Djukanovic can be prevailed upon to work with the opposition in order to strip Milosevic of power by stripping him of his puppet prime minister , elections and compromises
are the way to a democratic Serbia . We cannot always afford to wait for gatherings of world leaders and financial pledges from donor nations . A new form could evolve from this changed power relationship
between editors and citizens , potentially becoming as powerful as traditional journalism , if not more so . China s current-account surplus ’ is 4 % of its GDP . Tight-knit cliques of bureaucrats and corporate
officials made sure that a utility company vital for economic growth would never be hindered by strict regulation or political oversight . Now , with serious congestion slowing traffic in major cities to
a crawl , the land gradient in housing prices is steep once again . In recent weeks , the two sides have clashed frequently across the Gaza strip , heightening tensions further . In a nation of laws , such
as the US , it is disingenuous and unfair to grant legal protection to a right – in this case the right to worship God as we see fit – and then selectively ban its exercise de facto because a majority
or minority takes offense . Bailouts from the European Stability Mechanism represent the clearest example of this , with the fiscal compact now committing signatories to tight deficit targets and structural
adjustment . As America ’ s primaries move beyond Iowa and New Hampshire , it is simply impossible to predict who will be the Democratic and Republican nominees , much less who will become the 44th president
of the United States . But it is not too soon to address the question of what effect US foreign policy is having on the campaign and what it reveals about how Americans see the world . PARIS – Forget what
you have heard about the hard-working Japanese salaryman : since the early 1990 s ’ , the Japanese have drastically slackened their work habits . Indeed , Tokyo University economist Fumio Hayashi has demonstrated
that the main reason behind Japan ’ s 20 years of stagnation has been the decrease in the quantity of work performed by the Japanese . What have we done to our fish stocks to bring about changes like this
, and does it matter ? After all , not every politician is widely commended for following his conscience . But democracies owe themselves a proper debate , so that they make such choices consciously and
deliberately . So , green shoots of stabilization may be replaced by yellow weeds of stagnation if several medium-term factors constrain the global economy ’ s ability to return to sustained growth . The
movement ’ s influence within the judiciary ensures that its members transgressions ’ remain unchallenged . They wanted hard money above everything . As Serbia 's prime minister after Milosevic , he resembled
a corporate CEO more than the Heidelberg-educated philosophy professor that he was . In the 120 months of the 1990s , 40 emerging markets ( i.e. , 33 % of the world 's developing countries ) , experienced
serious financial distress . So it is time to ask : what viable steps have been taken to create a financial architecture able to contain and reduce this number ? But to implicate Iraq , which had nothing
to do with al-Qaeda or the September 11 attacks , was a huge mistake , one that has strengthened Islamic extremists and has probably helped them recruit terrorists . By contrast , viable reform in Saudi
Arabia faces much greater challenges . The problem of inter-ethnic conflict is , sadly , all too typical of Africa . And yet Turkey scares countless Europeans . Similarly , in Beijing s Korean section ’ ,
perhaps half of the 200,000-300,000 inhabitants – mainly workers ( and their families ) who are paid by Korean companies that produce goods in China for export reportedly – have gone home . France 's unchallenged
political , economic , and military domination of its former sub-Saharan African colonies is rooted in a currency , the CFA franc . Created in 1948 to help France control the destiny of its colonies ,
fourteen countries--Benin , Burkina-Faso , Ivory Coast , Mali , Niger , Senegal , Togo , Cameroon , Central African Republic , Congo , Gabon , Equatorial Guinea , Bissau Guinea , and Chad--maintained the
franc zone even after they gained independence decades ago . America must shed these ideological blinkers and deal realistically with the real Lula , not the bogeyman some Bush advisors have invented . Finally
, the Ayodhya mosque was demolished in December 1992 during a mass gathering organized by the BJP . In a ceremony celebrating the promulgation of the current 1982 constitution , Hu reportedly expressed
interest in strengthening constitutional protections against official intrusions in people 's lives and in promoting extensive legal reform . While many of science s promises ’ have been fulfilled – notably
, the dramatic extension of the human lifespan and of leisure time – many others have been only partly achieved , or not at all . The more important obstacle is Germany ’ s reluctance to admit publicly
that ECB liquidity support for government debt markets can be crucial in maintaining financial stability . Even without capital market liberalization , the world will continue to face enormous volatility
. They have the power to direct their firms campaign contributions ’ , to offer positions or business to politicians relatives or associates ’ ( or to politicians upon retirement ) , and to use their businesses
to support issues and causes that politicians seek to advance . To choose goals and articulate them in a vision , they need not only to solicit input from their followers , but also to understand the context
of their choices . These countries have expressed concerns about the new powers conferred on the ECB . In particular , they question the ECB 's voting rights within the European Banking Authority , which
will remain in charge of developing a single rulebook for all 27 countries in the EU s single market and enhancing convergence ’ of supervisory practices . China s ambitions ’ to channel Tibetan waters
northward have been whetted by two factors : the completion of the Three Gorges Dam , which , despite the project ’ s glaring environmental pitfalls , China trumpets as the greatest engineering feat since
the construction of the Great Wall ; and the power of President Hu Jintao , whose background fuses two key elements water – and Tibet . Instead , EU enlargement is being carried out according to what might
be described as the principle of " asymmetrical integration . " Some Prime Ministers rarely attend their parliaments . Lost in the angst over inequality is the critical role that central banks have played
in exacerbating the problem . Yes , asset markets were initially ecstatic over the Fed s decision ’ this month not to scale back QE . But Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney and other leading
members of his party have played these cards completely wrong in this election cycle . Romney is apparently taken with the idea that many Americans , the so-called 47 % , do not pay federal income tax
. The eurozone s difficulties ’ , I have long argued , stem from European financial and monetary integration having gotten too far ahead of actual political , fiscal , and banking union . In place of today
’ s indifference and sometimes outright hostility , we must create conditions that will nurture scientific research and restore the central position of science in the culture of Western societies . The
preoccupation of the UN founders was with state security . The most obvious explanation for the German peculiarity is an obsession with the lessons of German history , particularly the two episodes of runaway
inflation in the twentieth century , in which holders of monetary assets were expropriated . Lying Politicians In Bahrain , several women protesters have been arrested and tortured . “ I think that the real
purpose and the real need that we have in this country for banks is to make loans particularly to small business and to individuals . Does a teenager s ’ unemployment represent a greater loss to society
than that of a single mother or an older worker , who might have been providing an entire family ’ s only income ? The discrepancy between experience and perception is largely caused by the media , which
frequently link mental illness with acts of violence . So massive budget deficits seem here to stay . If domestic spending simply stays constant as a fraction of national income , the cumulative budget
outcome for the next ten years will be a combined deficit of $ 1.5 trillion . Moreover , if the stimulus succeeds and leads to an early recovery , the additional income gained may more than offset the increase
in debt . Given the collapse of commodity prices and excess production capacities , there is no short-term inflation danger , even if part of the stimulus is financed directly by central banks . We have
to fight it decisively right now , or else we 'll never be able to stamp it out . " By firing missiles on Haifa , Israel ’ s third-largest city , a boundary has been crossed . The solidarity among African
leaders that has sustained Robert Mugabe 's brutal regime in Zimbabwe may be on the verge of disintegrating . The EU is facing up to its responsibilities . In the US , alligator-filled moats and electrified
border fences have featured in the current presidential campaign . In all three cases , China has replaced the US as their major export market . As the latest round of enlargement proves , the EU is very
effective at molding the governance and behavior of would-be members . One common characteristic , then and now , is a power shift . Openness is in this respect like pacifism : just as we cannot embrace
complete disarmament while others stand ready to use their weapons , so Woodrow Wilson s world ’ of open diplomacy is a noble ideal that cannot be fully realized in the world in which we live . The bureaucracies
must be bypassed to get help to where it is needed : in the soil tilled by the world s poorest farm families ’ . These different perspectives have caused peculiar tensions between the US and its democratic
allies . The second point regards the way in which the vote will be decided . PRINCETON – To Western eyes , Middle East politics have again been stood on their head . Iran ’ s theocratic mullahs allowed
the election of Hassan Rowhani , a man who announced in his first speech as President-elect that his victory is “ the victory of wisdom , moderation , and awareness over fanaticism and bad behavior . ” A
changing world in which new powers like China and India play an increasingly important role will not wait for Europe to make up its mind . The EU must instead show leadership through its efforts to solve
the world ’ s current problems . Our bodies have elaborate repair systems that maintain the integrity of our genes , even in the presence of damaging agents . But Europe s greatest postwar leaders ’ understood
that keeping the wider view of Europe in mind is the best way to achieve this goal . As at so many times before , now – with all of our economies in peril – is a moment for decisive French leadership . Someone
observes some instructive case or some anecdotal or empirical regularity , and says , “ This is interesting ; let ’ s build a model of this . ” A recent revision of that decision permits banks to repossess
homes , but only if they help arrange alternative lower-cost housing – an administrative nightmare for lenders , particularly if a lot of people start defaulting at the same time . Chaos in Syria would
threaten Lebanon s stability and alter Iran s geopolitical influence ’ ’ in the region . But Iliescu s first government ’ dithered on reform ; growth was a dream when Constantinescu became president . Another
5.9 % , or 185 million workers , were living on less than $ 2 per day . Hamas s Ghost ’ in Annapolis Now , add to all this a soccer team . Yet Lebanon itself is too weak to assert its sovereignty . Yet the
same Dayan , who in 1970 said that “ the only peace negotiations are those where we settle the land and we build , and we settle , and from time to time we go to war , ” was forced by cruel reality to
admit that the best security to which Israel can aspire is that based on peace with its neighbors . There is no suggestion that Third World patients are deliberately being made ill when research is outsourced
– unlike in the Guatemalan case – but that does not attenuate the inherent vulnerability of populations lacking basic medical care or experiencing epidemics . Moreover , state-owned enterprises will be
required to pay out a larger portion of their earnings as dividends . Perhaps the most outrageous example is America ’ s $ 0.54 per gallon import tariff on ethanol , whereas there is no tariff on oil ,
and only a $ 0.5 per gallon tax on gasoline . It has few training programs , but high benefits for the unemployed and strong restrictions against firing workers . As long as consumption is conspicuous and
competitive , there will continue to be fresh reasons to work . CAMBRIDGE – Recently , newspaper headlines declared that Greece would have a balanced budget for 2013 as a whole . If the state bowed before
the challenge it faced , “ France would be no more than a poor , broken toy floating on an ocean of uncertainty , ” he warned . The problem is where to draw the line . Legally , this should probably be
the point where words are designed to result in violence . The market share of state-owned banks is 85 % . Incomplete knowledge complicates this assessment . The rush to get new drugs to market often leads
to inadequate safety documentation . The pope s main speech ’ was delivered to an audience of the great and the good in Westminster Hall , a medieval building whose use over the centuries has been intimately
tied up with some of the greatest dramas in British history . In the larger picture , Turkey is not only an important member of NATO , with influence both in the Balkans and the Middle East , but it also
plays a vital role in the wider world . One of the crucial questions of twenty-first century politics will be how the world copes with the rise of political Islam . Should Bush and Bernanke cause investors
to lose faith in US financial assets at some point , the rising euro will help shield European interest rates from the consequences . Brazil coordinates closely on defense matters with its neighbors , both
bilaterally and through Unasur s South American Defense Council ’ , which aims to promote confidence-building , transparency , a joint regional defense industry , and , most important , a common defense
identity . These losses include missed opportunities for breakthroughs in pharmaceuticals , foods , biologically-based materials and processes , and biological pest controllers like the promising one isolated
by ICIPE . The losses also include failure to conserve the world s dwindling wildlife ’ and rapidly degrading ecosystems , which are worth trillions of dollars in terms of life-supporting services . So
far , the crowds in Cairo , Alexandria , and Suez have been neither violent , nor inflamed by religious fervor . The official national income accounting data for the second quarter are now available , and
they show that the rebates did very little to stimulate spending . More than 80 % of the rebate dollars were saved or used to pay down debt . Before these official rebukes , there had been much speculation
about whether China would risk a fundamental change in its relations with North Korea , the socialist little brother “ ” that it continues to subsidize heavily . Following the rare display of open indignation
by Xi and Wang , such speculation has now become stronger than ever . To the extent that we can identify growth triggers , they seem to be related to relaxing constraints that held back private economic
activity . But stock prices tend to move much more closely together at times of market dislocation . From 1972 to 2000 , the NFA accumulated 12.9 billion pesos ( $ 290 million ) in debt . The compelling aura
of reality about these experiences often produces distress and disrupts thought and behavior . On the other hand , hard power without soft power means only destruction . But chronic hunger remains pervasive
, particularly in developing countries , which are affected most by crop shortages and food-price volatility . One challenge is that part of the plot for the US and Clinton is being written by others . Understanding
the Frankenstein Tradition Why the hesitation ? More than anything else it stems from international reluctance to challenge any government over what it is doing within its own territory . This encouraged
Mahathir to make a clean break with the British colonial heritage . It is one thing for colonies to blow up on the other side of the world . Interpreted in light of even the most optimistic global warming
scenarios , this is disturbing news . Shevardnadze also nurtured Georgia 's dream to be a transport and energy bridge to the West . Many of our families subsist on less than one dollar a day . Nigeria has
refrained from signing any exclusive agreements with Western Union and others , and its newly consolidated banking industry is making significant inroads across the region . So a ``third'' party, as in
the wars in El Salvador or Guatemala of the 1980s, became indispensable as a conduit to mediate between the two. It depends on the day , but if we count by centuries , then surely humanity s urbanization
’ is a strong contender . Today , more than half of the world s population ’ lives in cities , compared to less than 3 % in 1800 . The US role as the invisible third party to the agreement involves a series
of incentives offered to the regime in Khartoum to ensure agreement and implementation of a peace deal . The Iranian regime is not , however , a totalitarian juggernaut ; there are important splits within
the leadership and there is an important faction that does not want Iran to be isolated . The result will be a prioritized list of solutions , showing which projects promise the greatest benefits compared
to their costs . Not surprisingly , Turkey ’ s government has also lost its appetite for EU-related reforms . For more than two years , the European Commission has found little positive to say in its annual
progress reports on political reform . If , amidst the indifference of the world , Funes chose to play fast and loose with it , Livingstone would be proven wrong : voting can change much , and sometimes
for the worse . Instead , one-fifth of the human genome is now subject to private patents , meaning that patients can t ’ afford tests for genes that cause cancer and researchers can t make ’ progress if
another team owns the patents on the genes that they want to study . Most importantly , the summit reaffirmed the role of the transatlantic community of democratic nations and shared values as the most
powerful force for shaping our future . Given that investment banks can only attain high rates of return in a world with volatile asset prices and short-term performance goals , companies pressure their
managers to follow suit . In some of these countries , conservative governments viewed industrial promotion as some dirigiste relic from the past , and avoided it . In others – Brazil comes to mind – left-leaning
governments practiced industrial promotion in such a heavy-handed and erratic way that they ended up weakening whatever it was they wanted to promote . They can ( and they have ) , but only if they are
part of a more comprehensive framework that accounts for the natural environment ’ s true – and unquantifiable value – . Banks lend to banks , so while some are more illiquid than others , they are all
intrinsically illiquid institutions . The European Commission has few powers of its own with which to confront the recession as it spreads throughout the European Union ; most powers belong to the European
Central Bank . Japan ’ s own debt crisis will then erupt with full force . Foreign Minister Igor Ivanov expressed Impatient South Africa If expelling even one member could establish a more credible mechanism
for guaranteeing fiscal discipline in the euro zone than the SGP and financial fines have proven to be , the price would be more than worth it . But , until now , it has been the only approach proven to
succeed , while everything else has failed . Yields of all major crops have been rising dramatically in recent decades , owing to higher-yielding crop varieties and farmers ’ greater use of fertilizer ,
pesticides , and irrigation . And , at a time when the Chinese government , America s main creditor ’ , has begun sending clear signals about its preferences for US domestic policy – even as it ignores
American criticism of its human rights record – are the Tea Partiers merely being paranoid ? And it cannot produce structural adjustment at all until a demand recovery is well under way . The triumph of
a female president would be an important symbolic and practical victory for all who have sought to establish a political environment that is hospitable to women . But the controversial legislation to outlaw
Taiwanese secession has proved anything but routine . It raised the stakes for the island s pro-independence camp ’ and increased the risk of a cross-Strait military conflict . In that sense , 1968 and
today ’ s protests are not as different as some observers claim . We hope the US will change its war “ on terror paradigm ” and re-think its conception of a global armed conflict against Al Qaeda . Soviet
intervention became a real threat . A few tough messages from President Richard Nixon stopped the Israelis in their tracks and enabled the Americans to start a lengthy process of de-escalation that led
to a number of interim agreements . If the world can continue to develop economically and technologically , people will become wealthier , and , in the long run , anti-aging treatment will benefit everyone
. This opens the way to more and deeper reforms . Vice President Joseph Biden also gave a powerful speech at the Democratic convention , in which he quoted a line from Obama s inaugural address ’ : the US
should lead in the world not by “ the example of our power , but by the power of our example . ” It supplied logistics , interpreters , and an address book . Its steering bodies did not function , because
they were not called upon during the talks . Until the war started , Lebanon s beaches ’ were among the cleanest in the Mediterranean . There are seven high-rises in Moscow that Russians still call “ Stalin
s vysotki ’ . ” Next to Lenin s tomb ’ is Stalin s grave and monument ’ , where heaps of fresh flowers are always to be seen on the anniversaries of his birth , his death , and the victory over Hitler
. Another asset price bubble is out of the question ; the last one left most of the domestic financial system virtually insolvent . “ Net nannies ” – as China s Internet censors ’ are often dubbed – blocked
sensitive articles less frequently . Meanwhile , the euro would be the equivalent of the gold standard . The markets for these products are still small , but they have strong growth potential , and their
further development would enhance insurance companies ’ ability to cover risks of major international disasters . In Europe , this apathy is often seen as a reaction to the slowdown of what once looked
like an unending postwar economic boom . This has created a greenhouse in which corruption grows and flourishes , posing a mortal threat to Africa . LONDON The looming bankruptcy – of Lehman Brothers , and
the forced sale of Merrill Lynch , two of the greatest names in finance , mark the end of an era . But what will come next ? Yet Chinese leaders speak of China ’ s “ peaceful rise ” and “ peaceful development
. ” The second unresolved question is how to achieve a banking union in legal terms . Constitutional change on this scale would normally require a new European treaty . Military overreach has predictably
led to nervousness about using military power , and others knowledge ’ of this threatens to weaken America s security ’ as well . But America ’ s real strength , more than its military and economic power
, is its soft power “ , ” its moral authority . The bailout packages are , in this light , impressive achievements . Those opposed to embryonic stem cell research believe in the absolute sanctity of the
human embryo . As this is a minority view , they often couch their arguments in scientific rather than moral terms . Remember , too , that Fukushima was built in the 1970 s ’ , and that the technology on
which it was based dated from a decade earlier . There are plenty of areas in which common action at the EU level is both appropriate and efficient . Environmental policy is clearly one . Moreover , disenchantment
with the sophisticated instruments that American financial institutions specialize in originating and distributing means more limited foreign capital flows into the United States . Yet the Euro was supposed
to enhance growth by lowering interest rates and stimulating investment . But how large must such a stimulus be ? The United States Congressional Budget Office ( CBO ) estimates that American output will
be roughly 7 % below its potential in the next two years , making this the worst recession since World War II . Russia s second step ’ in rebuilding its empire in the Caucasus is to unite itself and Armenia
in a single economic zone . Because Georgia stands directly in the geographical path to realizing this goal , Russia had to deal with it first . It is crucial to ensure that our European model , with its
emphasis on a fair deal for everyone , remains competitive . To be sure , recent research suggests that increased government spending can be effective in temporarily raising output and employment during
deep , long-lasting recessions when the central bank has reduced its short-term policy interest rate to zero . But the same research suggests that the government spending multiplier is likely to be small
or even negative in a variety of circumstances and , in any event , would quickly shrink . Everything seemed to have started well enough . For these sectors , rapid investment-driven growth in the past decade
has produced a mountain of excess capacity , reflected in stagnant prices and the banking sector ’ s soaring volume of bad loans , as price wars squeeze profitability and stimulate real-estate speculation
. Joseph Stalin once dismissed the relevance of “ soft power ” by asking , “ How many troops does the Pope have ? ” Today , many self-styled realists dismiss the United Nations as powerless , and argue
that it can be ignored . By themselves , they will cause global GDP to at least double in the next three decades , even in the absence of growth anywhere else . No other country had a stock market panic
of similar magnitude , in large part because no other country had experienced the euphoric run-up of stock prices that sucked large numbers of Americans , from very different backgrounds , into financial
speculation . Clemenceau once said that war is too important to be left to the generals . Moreover , people nowadays easily imagine that the housing and farmland markets always move together , because prices
in both boomed in recent memory , in the early 2000 s ’ . This massive expression of solidarity evolved into an effort to draft me to run for the presidency in 2010 . At the polls , my countrymen conferred
a solemn mandate on me to make democracy the means for eliminating corruption and alleviating poverty . North Korea still causes trouble , and China is nominally a Communist state . But not proceeding would
also have been a disaster . The AJA amounted to about 3 % of GDP and was designed to take effect in 2012 , providing a timely employment boost and insurance for the US recovery against global headwinds
. There is no doubt that Iran – with its long history of secrecy and dissimulation – deserves the intense hostility and distrust that its nuclear program continues to engender . But the most common view
of security and intelligence experts worldwide is that , while Iran may want the technical breakout capability to build a nuclear weapon that Japan now has , it is still a long way from building a usable
atomic weapon , and has made no decision to do so . The fifth , and most recent , factor is the US Federal Reserve s signals ’ that it might end its policy of quantitative easing earlier than expected ,
and its hints of an eventual exit from zero interest rates , both of which have caused turbulence in emerging economies financial markets ’ . In one session , 61 % of participants foresaw stagnation in
the next 2-5 years ( 33 % predicted growth and 5 % expected a crisis ) . But the announcement of a $ 2 billion loss in that setting of economic turmoil would have made JPM s counterparties jittery ’ . In
order to gain legal standing “ ” to sue Myriad Genetics , critics of genetic patents – including the American Medical Association , the American Society of Human Genetics , and the American Civil Liberties
Union – had to find an issue that could be adjudicated on a constitutional basis . Will it still be the capital of a country whose citizens view the future bleakly and whose politicians have totally lost
touch with the electorate ? BRUSSELS – Is the eurozone stepping back from the brink ? It is nonetheless obvious from the very nature of accession negotiations that full membership must be the goal . Although
India s presidency ’ is primarily a ceremonial post that carries less weight than that of prime minister ( the position once held by Indira Gandhi ) , it is symbolically significant . The problem could
be solved once and for all if the ECB were willing to risk the following bargain with governments : if you liberalize product markets and make labor markets flexible , we will reduce interest rates and
permit higher spending to fulfill the promise of near-full employment . Such FDI policies include investment subsidies , tax abatements , and exemptions from domestic regulation and laws . Brazil s firms
’ are far more efficient than America s subsidized industry ’ , which puts more energy into getting subsidies out of Congress than in improving efficiency . Some studies suggest that it requires more energy
to produce America ’ s ethanol than is contained in it . Interestingly , a closer look at Japan s performance ’ over the past decade suggests little reason for persistent bearish sentiment . Indeed , in
terms of growth of output per employed worker , Japan has done quite well since the turn of the century . Both human and financial resources will be attracted to the center , leaving the periphery permanently
depressed . But the periphery is seething with discontent . As the services produced and traded across the world expand with globalization , the possibilities for all countries to develop based on their
comparative advantage expand . A Day for Planetary Justice For countries that lose market access , the approach of providing aid on the basis of strong conditionality is justified . Mail recipients will set
their prices for different kinds of mail / requests / senders . Feeding a girl is seen as effectively looking after someone else s property ’ . When European leaders finally acted , they had to provide a
much larger rescue package than would have been necessary had they moved earlier . But , if not , the question of whether to use military force to slow the development of an Iranian nuclear weapon will
come to the fore . Kan s retreat ’ means that the mandarins continue to hold the reins of foreign and defense policy . To produce such a particle in the laboratory requires revving up protons to nearly the
speed of light and smashing them together , which the Large Hadron Collider at CERN accomplishes trillions of times per second . Europe , to be blunt , must devote more energy in the years ahead to addressing
its micro challenges rather than to promoting grand ideas . In addition , government spending was on the rise , labor unions were becoming more militant , policies to control pay kept breaking down , and
profit expectations were falling . Nor were his conservative , nationalist , and pro-American credentials damaged . Politicians across the political spectrum know that such a situation would unsettle an
already fragile US economy , severely weaken the dollar , and raise serious concerns about the country 's ability to meet its debt-service obligations , including to the many foreign creditors that the
US will need in the future . Yet , in today ’ s polarized environment in Washington , Republicans and Democrats are unwilling to compromise – or at least to compromise “ too early . ” That cancer cells
pay a price for resistance is supported by several observations . India 's low profile is easy to understand . In 1958 , he told a crowd in Algiers made up mainly of pieds noirs Europeans Je vous ai compris
“ ” ( “ I have understood you ” ) . Most Muslim countries were governed for decades by autocrats who had either emerged directly from the armed forces , or had strong khaki support “ ” . That was the case
in Egypt , Libya , Yemen , Syria , and , of course , Pakistan . A relatively minor , technical difference in means , you might say . But time is running out . There is little doubt that the US , like all
great powers , has embarked on foolish wars and acted like a bully , especially toward nations in its own hemisphere . But , even without invoking the ghosts of Munich , there are occasions when military
force is the only way to deal with a tyrant . Some in Europe assert that over time the parties may eventually see the benefits of greater cooperation , that dissolution will not occur , or that , if it
does , it will likely be relatively tranquil . For that reason , we should greet the poll results positively , and resolve to close the gaps that still exist between rhetoric and reality . When a group of
individual currencies is replaced by a single currency , as the Deutsche mark , French franc , Italian lira , Spanish peseta , and others were by the euro , there are two primary benefits : lower transaction
costs and greater transparency . BLOOMINGTON Iraqis – go to the polls on March 7 to elect a new Parliament for the second time under the country s permanent constitution ’ of 2006 . Many scholars believe
that it is the second general election , not the first , which is the most important test of any new democracy . Instead , it will be the outcome of parental choice and the workings of the free market . Add
to this the perennial crisis on the Korean peninsula and the Taiwan conflict , which could flare up again anytime . Oleg Kalugin , who became a high KGB official , said in looking back from the vantage
point of 1997 , “ Exchanges were a Trojan Horse for the Soviet Union . They played a tremendous role in the erosion of the Soviet system .They … kept infecting more and more people over the years . ” A
second argument is that “ we do not know enough about the effects and side effects . ” Since some of the groups opposing GM organisms destroy the field trials that could give us more knowledge , a more
pertinent argument might be that many opponents do not want us to know more . Pakistan ’ s new prime minister , Yousaf Gilani , is a seasoned politician and , more importantly , has Sufi family roots ,
which is a good omen because of the Sufi tradition of tolerance . Gilani unequivocally declared in his inaugural address that fighting terrorism is a top priority , and his first decision was to release
from house arrest judges deposed by Musharraf . But it will be only the beginning of an extended , gradual process of American military reduction , one that looks like it will take four years – and quite
possibly longer . Europe 's Stability Pact - which underpins the euro by setting fixed constraints on the size of budget deficits for euro members - is in trouble . They do so not because Taiwan is small
witness Hong Kong – and Switzerland – but because it retains too many restrictions against foreign institutions . As a result , the nation-state and its subsidiaries , the typical loci for internalizing
externalities , are limited in their remedial capacity . In recent years , public attitudes in Iran have become more liberal . At the same time , power has shifted from conservative pragmatism toward a
much more militant fundamentalism . The call by the most important group of Iran s clerics ’ for the election results to be thrown out is but the latest sign of the fight back of both the reformist and
pragmatic conservative factions . The global financial crisis has served to show that there is little tolerance nowadays for people who cheat . With his campaign apparently dead in the water , McCain reached
out all right – to the right-wing fundamentalists in his own party . Governor Sarah Palin strode onto the national stage , rhetorical guns blazing . Significant federal spending programs could have emerged
only from the transfer of existing national programs to the European level . CAMBRIDGE : Debates about supply side reform often come down to slogans : flexible labor markets , deregulation , and more competition
. In March 2010 , the ASEAN + 3 grouping “ ” , which includes China , Japan , and South Korea , established a reserve fund of $ 120 billion , under the so-called Chiang Mai Initiative “ . ” In the short
run , doing less in Iraq and Afghanistan will allow the US to concentrate on the two most immediate external threats to US interests : Iran and North Korea . In the long run , the US needs to generate
domestic and international support for regional and global arrangements designed to manage the defining problems of this era , from the spread of nuclear materials and terrorism to maintaining an open
world economy and slowing climate change . In 2009 , installed capacity of wind and PVs increased by more than 30 % and 50 % , respectively . Hamas s Zero-Sum Game ’ There is currently no guarantee that a
political truce with Hamas or Hezbollah would result in a renunciation of their absolutist vision . The task of social workers and police , therefore , is to try to resolve – quickly and discreetly – each
particular incident , in order to dampen the revolt . Fourteen countries attended to discuss food price inflation , energy needs , etc . Alas , India ’ s voice was drowned out , not by China s ’ attempts
to provide medicine and education to Africa , but by the sheer magnitude of Chinese state-owned enterprises investments ’ in physical infrastructure . More realistically , the combination of optimism and
productivity growth that powered America s boom ’ looks likely to be less robust in the coming year . As early as 2012 , when the world economy is expected to grow by only 2.5 % , the battle for shares
of the global pie will become fiercer . Europe is fighting for its economic survival , but it does not seem to know it . By equating the murderer and the victim , we wash our hands . A referendum on South
Sudan s independence ’ , scheduled for January 9 , 2011 , will likely split the country in two , with southerners finally achieving the freedom for which they have long fought . In other words , economic
growth will turn out to be structurally much lower than is the figures used now for estimating deficits and debt . The second phase of the post-Cold War era began with the 9 / 11 terror attacks . Then the
Bush administration succumbed to hubris and made the colossal mistake of invading Iraq without broad international support . Funes administration ’ seems to be doomed to political gridlock , a chronic ailment
of Latin America s presidential regimes ’ . The real political implications of crime are to be found more in these beliefs than in potential support for coups , or electoral results . Italians already shoulder
heavy taxes : an individual taxpayer with annual income of € 50,000 pays € 15,000 in income tax ; with two children , that total drops by only 1,000 € . Yet we knew what we wanted to replace it with – a
system based on modern European democratic market values . Building democratic structures requires time , discipline , pain , and patience . Whether parties to the United Nations Convention Relating to
the Status of Refugees or not , these states agreed to work with each other and the UN High Commissioner for Refugees on all of the key issues . It is unlikely , for example , that Ukraine could remain
without a demarcated border with Russia . It refers to “ acts committed with intent to destroy , in whole or in part , a national , ethnical , racial , or religious group . ” The emphasis is on “ intent
, not ” on the numbers of people whose lives are destroyed . For example , smoking could have caused epigenetic changes in a grandparent s DNA ’ , effectively switching off certain anti-cancer genes . The
genes would then be passed down to descendants in this switched-off state . They concern disputes over territory , political power , definitions of rights , and distribution of wealth . Israeli forces regularly
try to decapitate “ ” the violent opposition by killing Palestinian leaders , as if the problem were a few individuals rather than ongoing political stalemate . Nor was there one 200 days later . The chemical
inhibitors used in this treatment target the enzyme polymerase ( PARP1 ) , which is normally involved in the repair of DNA single-strand breaks – a common form of spontaneous DNA lesions . For example ,
one of the studies that we reviewed found that no standard therapy in the initial or secondary phase of treatment was associated with an unsuccessful outcome or death . Since then ( Davutoglu became Foreign
Minister in May 2009 ) , much of what Turkey has done can be explained as being in line with this zero conflicts theory “ ” , including a slightly more nuanced policy on the Cyprus issue . Its mullahs bicker
constantly , seeming to reflect the country ’ s broader cleavages . And low growth will hurt tax revenues , undermining the proclaimed goal of fiscal consolidation . But more migration is in everyone s interest
’ , and the public debate about it is too important to be left to politicians . There are twice as many Europeans studying in the US as there are Americans studying in Europe . In economics , one has to
run to stand still . His 1937 paper “ The Nature of the Firm ” introduced the concept of transaction costs into discussions of a firm s structure , function ’ , and limitations . Their politicians cite budget
constraints and the need to prioritize domestic programs over fighting diseases that disproportionately kill the world s poorest ’ . Moreover , Saudi Arabia ’ s oil reserves enable it to give crucial support
to oil-export sanctions on Iran by offsetting the loss of global supply . The prospect of a threat to the stability of the greater Middle East and to the flow of oil should give China an incentive to support
robust sanctions against Iran . A second era lasted from 1960 until 1985 . Similarly , skilled teachers can now deliver interactive e-lessons to many classrooms at once , even if they are hundreds of miles
away . For much of the world at the time , “ benign neglect ” was the order of the day , particularly in the advanced economies . We can measure the discrepancy between what we think we know and what we
actually know by simply asking people , after they have given their initial ratings , to tell us how some things work in as much detail as they can and then to rate their knowledge again in light of their
attempt to explain . These countries had already lost export-market shares to China and other low value-added and labor-intensive Asian economies . Then a decade of nominal-wage growth that out-paced productivity
gains led to a rise in unit labor costs , real exchange-rate appreciation , and large current-account deficits . Instead of waiting passively for sanctions , Iran s leaders ’ decided to start a Middle East
crisis by organizing attacks against Israel . Although the moral and cultural simplifications of multiculturalism may have done the West little actual harm , the same cannot be said about poorer parts of
the world . By persistently adhering to a planned economy and obsolete ideology , North Korea is trapped in a vicious cycle , suffering from unstable food supplies and low , or sometimes negative , economic
growth . Nonetheless , North Korea has shown little interest in reform . Given that governments have many other programs to support – and that people resist higher taxes – finding the money to pay for such
an effort becomes increasingly difficult . Universities must therefore try to provide a quality education to more students while spending as little money as possible . This is an essential part of promoting
governmental accountability between elections . But the supply-siders jumped to the daring conclusion that a permanent cut in tax rates on labor would encourage more work permanently – with no diminution
of effectiveness . After my return to Washington , I had a dinner with an American politician who had just visited Saint Petersburg . As a special honor , his Russian hosts organized an excursion to Strelna
, the Russian Versailles “ , ” which was recently restored from ruin to become the Petersburg residence of President Vladimir Putin . This is why I have long urged policymakers to increase significantly
the amount of money invested in research and development of green-energy alternatives . But I said nothing of the sort . Clerics realize that the government wants to play ball . Unlike rural migrants heading
for industrial jobs , it will be much more difficult to guide educated and creative professionals using the hukou system . The boom in the successful cities , therefore , will hollow out human capital
from less attractive industrial hubs , which will then fall into a vicious cycle of decay and falling productivity . Ultraviolet radiation causes specific and unique mutations in the tumor suppressor gene
that produces a protein called p53 . This protein is involved in a process called apoptosis in which damaged cells commit " suicide " to ensure that their defective genes are not passed on to daughter
cells . They don 't want us there . ” PRINCETON – Can citizenship really be tested ? An increasing number of countries – especially , but not only , in Europe – seem to think so . Only one Trotskyite candidate
received more than 4 % of the vote , while the rest – including the French Communist party , which for more than 30 years received a stable 20 % of the vote – gained less than 2 % . Bo s son ’ , Bo Guagua
, will live an invisible life abroad . Fixing the financial sector was necessary for economic recovery , but far from sufficient . In firms where this was most pronounced , there has been almost total destruction
of shareholder value . If Hamas is not part of the process , there will be no process . In the United States , the pay of less qualified workers is so meager that , if their situation is not dire , they
find it emotionally difficult to keep a job for long , or they become too demoralized or distracted to be adequate employees , or minimum-wage laws make them unaffordable to law-abiding employers . There
are signs of a growing debate inside the country about whether to press ahead with nuclear weapons – and thus risk not only economic ruin , but also military attack – rather than to accept a diplomatic
compromise . Such a pact would place limits on Iran s nuclear activities ’ and require that it open itself up to more international inspection than it has ever permitted . Since China will be the most important
market of the future , it will be decisive in determining not only what we produce and consume , but how . Consider the transition from the traditional automobile to electric transport . The risk stemming
from local-government debt is exacerbated further by massive amounts of non-explicit debt acquired through arrears , credits , and guarantees . Those who are not will naturally harbor resentment toward
those who are . Indeed , the logic is self-fulfilling : as more foreign currency flows into the market , the economy will continue to overheat , necessitating further interest rate hikes . Some Jews did
live in the district before they were kicked out in the 1948 war of Israeli independence . But we cannot blithely conclude that all the losses should be allowed to stand in full force . Like Greece , they
will be tempted to ask for help . First , there is the open channel , which gives a larger share of votes to the nations contributing more to organizations such as the IMF and the World Bank . In other words
, they should make the search for excellence compatible with national priorities and objectives . But the story is repeated across the border in Pakistan , with serious consequences for both countries . Roughly
35 % of mangroves have been destroyed in the last 20 years . But , alongside these sobering facts , the world is also full of shining and intelligent management . Genetics and biology matter in human leadership
, but they do not determine it in the way that the traditional heroic warrior approach to leadership suggests . Through collective support for polio eradication , health ministries now have the knowledge
, the maps , the staff and the will of millions of volunteers to do even more . The payoff will be worth it . Indeed , as with the adoption of IT elsewhere , we may soon wonder how health care could have
been delivered any other way . Will turn the bullet from your coat , Foreign policy . The most explicit disagreements between the candidates are over Iraq , Iran , and Russia . We need many , many times more
non-carbon-based energy than is currently produced . Many people are uneasy about offering lump-sum cash payments . A solution is to provide in-kind rewards – such as a down payment on a house , a contribution
to a retirement fund , or lifetime health insurance so – that the program would not be attractive to people who might otherwise rush to donate on the promise of a large sum of instant cash . So we are caught
between a financially unsustainable pattern of global demand and the need for politically difficult changes in many countries domestic policies ’ . All politics is local , and there is no local constituency
for the global economy , so what triumphs often erodes global imbalances further . Recently , Nikita Mikhalkov , director of the Oscar-winning film " Burnt by the Sun , " the pianist and president of Russia
's Art Academy Nikolai Petrov , the singer and composer Alexander Gradsky and other members of the intelligentsia spoke to the press in Moscow in defense of Putin 's strategy in Chechnya . But the chances
are high that the eurozone will sort out its difficulties in a year or so ( most likely after another round or two of crisis ) , in part through the judicious use of fiscal austerity . But that is logically
flawed : even with deflation , real purchasing power would fall , and the real value of debts would rise ( debt deflation ) , as the real depreciation occurs . With its peacekeeping mandate due to expire
on April 4 , France may decide to leave . But China 's government clings to the belief that Hong Kong 's people are not ready for democracy . All sides , however , must bear in mind that China is too important
to the global economy and trading system to allow these disputes to spin out of control . And , as President Barack Obama has said , the Libyan people must not be deprived of full ownership of their struggle
for freedom , and Qaddafi must not be given a useful foil and scapegoat . In response , the Communists blamed the violence on the opposition political parties , which it called “ fascists , ” and on Romania
and Romanian irredentists in Moldova . The police cracked down on young people and took hundreds into custody . Even the G-20 in its current composition may not really represent the forces that can and
will shape the twenty-first century . Advanced industrialized countries in earlier stages of their development benefited from faster economic growth and greater social welfare by explicitly adopting weaker
IP protection than is demanded of developing countries today . Even in the United States , there is growing concern that so-called hold-up patents and me-too patents – and the sheer thicket of patents
, in which any innovation is likely to become entangled in someone else s IP claims ’ – are diverting scarce research resources away from their most productive uses . If one borrows the equivalent of three
years ' income to buy a house , a mortgage rate of 6 % means that 18 % of one 's income goes to interest payments , which may be tolerable . But if the rate rises to 8 % , mortgage interest payments rise
to 24 % , which , together with amortization , taxes , other debts , and necessary expenditures , may claim too much of the family budget . Having successfully integrated ten new members in May – including
eight former communist countries with significantly lower levels of economic development some argue – that the EU should stop there . Nor have current economic and social policies compensated much for this
shortfall . Nor does the return of the Taliban in Afghanistan six years after their overthrow now seen too far-fetched . Unstable coalition governments have been typical of Italy 's postwar politics . In
an attempt to solve the problem , a mixed electoral system was introduced in the early 1990 's , with about three quarters of the seats assigned under plurality rule in single member districts and the
rest allocated under proportional representation . Surprisingly , Gore did not include the Asian tsunami of 2004 , which claimed 225,000 lives . That difference underscores a fundamental reality : violence
associated with the war “ on drug trafficking and organized crime ” – including state corruption – in some countries has specific consequences for women . And what placates German and French voters may
enrage Polish and Czech ones . Indeed , the figures have been repeatedly revised , even over quite short periods of time , casting strong doubt on the validity of the economic models being used . These
models , and the institutions using them , rely on a built-in theory of the economy , which enables them to assume “ ” certain relationships . For the second time in less than four years , Asia is being
hit with a major external demand shock . Abuse of public authority for private gain is not acceptable . Indeed , now the French are looking wobbly . If the finance minister gets his sums right , the national
debt remains the same over the cycle , with no tendency to grow or contract . Although Chinese authorities have disputed US claims that Chinese-made heparin led to at least 81 American deaths , the scientific
evidence has damaged China ’ s credibility and has strengthened perceptions around the world that Chinese products are unregulated and unsafe . CAMBRIDGE – As the United States and European economies continue
to struggle , there is rising concern that they face a Japanese-style lost decade “ . ” When you persuade others to want what you want , you do not have to spend as much on sticks and carrots to move them
in your direction . The U.S. Senate is pressuring President Clinton to ensure that the war crimes tribunal in The Hague indicts Slobodan Milosevic . That pattern came to a sudden stop in the financial crisis
of 2008 . Private-sector leverage declined and public-sector leverage reached – and exceeded – sustainable limits , with Greece being only the most extreme example . That may be the real miracle of what
will occur in India over the next few weeks . Paradoxically , resource-rich developing countries are often worse off than comparable countries that lack those resources . In particular , the report stated
that the country ’ s sharp political polarization was highly visible in the media , in particular on Bolivian television stations . Over two or three decades , substantial differences in compound growth
rates quickly generate huge changes in economic size or per capita income . You pass by a small child drowning in a shallow pond , and you are the only one around . If you pick up the child , she will survive
and your pants will be ruined . The example of Kosovo is revealing . By exploiting a record credit bubble to borrow against an unprecedented property bubble , American consumers spent well beyond their means
for many years . Fears of imminent major hostilities are clearly overblown . Netanyahu has made Iran s nuclear program ’ his highest foreign-policy priority . Allegations of match-fixing , dope-smoking ,
orgies , and ties to gangsters among the sport ’ s top stars have enraged the Japanese public . The 1979 Egypt-Israel Peace Treaty mandated that Sinai be largely demilitarized in order to serve as a buffer
zone between the two former enemies . Tourism and natural-gas pipelines linking the two countries provided economic resources for the local Bedouin . In the past three weeks , Labour , the Liberal Democrats
, and the Conservatives have all held their annual conferences . All of them concentrated on domestic policies ; none dared discuss Iraq , because they all know that to do so would raise the question of
withdrawal , which in turn would unleash a major and possibly explosive debate about Britain s relationship ’ with the US . In 2000 , the EU set a ten-year program of agreed reform targets , yet in many
cases its member states have lacked the political will to implement them . But the models worked only if the particles inside of atoms had no mass . JFK s creation ’ of the PCSW suggests that he saw what
was coming , even as he remained very much a man of his time . And , with America bogged down in Iraq , Russian President Vladimir Putin has resurrected Soviet-style bullying tactics . Would Russia otherwise
have dared to threaten to re-direct its nuclear missiles at European cities ? In the last decade , the position of the UN as a symbol of the ideals of a peaceful world community has been steadily eroded
. China certainly bears some responsibility . China will come under pressure to revalue its currency ( now being held at artificially low levels ) so that Chinese exports are more expensive and imports from
others ( including the US ) cheaper . And China and other developing countries will be expected to do their share to reduce carbon emissions and slow the pace of global climate change . But maybe those
who oppose private seed corporations are really against capitalism and the market economy rather than GM seed . When growth slowed sharply and credit flows collapsed in the wake of the Great Recession ,
budget revenues plummeted , governments were forced to socialize private-sector liabilities , and fiscal deficits and debt soared . Now the eurozone – with a centralized monetary policy , run by the European
Central Bank , alongside 27 national fiscal policies – has come to look like a mockery of economic common sense . The rapid decline of the dollar and the pound , but also of the renminbi – now more firmly
tied to the dollar than ever – is fanning tensions . The process began at a meeting in Bhutan between Prime Minister Manmohan Singh of India and Yousaf Raza Gilani , his Pakistani counterpart . India agreed
to begin talking again with its neighbor , accepting Pakistan s argument ’ that it , too , was a victim of terrorism . With Recep Tayyip Erdoğan now elected to another term as Turkey s prime minister ’
, and with Poland , a country well acquainted with the importance of Europe ’ s strategic position in the world , assuming the EU presidency at the end of the month , now is a time for the Union and Turkey
to reset “ ” their negotiations over Turkish membership . As most owners of puppies know , it takes time and care for a dog to learn the ways of humans . Much of this failure is the result of the Bush administration
s policies ’ , which effectively eroded the capacities of the Federal Emergency Management Agency ( FEMA ) , the government agency primarily responsible for dealing with disasters . Obsessed with the war
on terror as well as an ideology of privatizing the functions of government , the administration systematically sapped FEMA s long-term ability ’ to prevent disaster or at least cushion the blows when
prevention is not possible . For the rest , some mechanism of enhanced surveillance and control may be adopted to limit future fiscal deficits . But , even with a smaller group of member countries and some
changes in budget procedures , the fundamental problems of forcing disparate countries to live with a single monetary policy and a single exchange rate will remain . As a result , banks distrust one another
and have mostly stopped lending to each other , which jeopardizes economic activity by severely reducing the availability of credit to businesses . Justice is a central value for Egyptians , and its absence
is at the core of all protests . US-Pakistan relations have turned poisonous , with blunt statements proliferating from both governments . In Istanbul , a recent gathering of Afghanistan s concerned neighbors
’ “ ” produced only a rather anodyne statement in preparation for a meeting in Bonn later this year . Fifth , the world economy is scarcely thriving . We are once again learning the hard way that this kind
of austerity , when applied in the teeth of a major financial crisis , leads only to depression . This insight should have been common knowledge ; it was , after all , a major lesson of the austerity policies
of President Herbert Hoover in the United States and Chancellor Heinrich Brüning in Weimar Germany in the early 1930 s ’ . In 2006 , Humala praised Chavez s policies ’ as a sign of a new era in Latin America
. We must consider both our attitude to global problems that were once deemed peripheral to European interests , as well what it really means to be an EU partner . Only answers to these questions can reconcile
the divide between the ``new'' and ``old'' Europe, as well as the new and old Atlantic worlds. That is , assuming they survive at all : since the fall of the Berlin Wall , Russian male life expectancy has
plummeted from 65 years to around 60 years . Many of the several thousand demonstrators at Shahbag are too young to have had personal experience of the killings that marked the Pakistani Army s brutal ’
, and ultimately unsuccessful , attempt to suppress the fledgling independence movement . But they are animated by an ideal the profound conviction – that complicity in mass murder should not go unpunished
, and that justice is essential for Bangladeshi society ’ s four-decade-old wounds to heal fully . Even if poor countries were willing to guarantee their deposits , the guarantee would mean less than that
from the United States . Even after the epidemic appeared in Hong Kong and then spread to Beijing , officials continued to withhold information . Russia 's public is outraged , not because the loss of TV-6
appears as a triumph of politics as usual , but because it leaves one less broadcaster to entertain . A better approach to reducing unemployment would be a new and expanded round of quantitative easing
. If today 's stalemate drags on , the weak economy will threaten Bush 's re-election bid in November 2004 . Today , no guidelines are available to make a reasoned clinical decision on the presence or absence
of these novel susceptibility factors . India has also commissioned 100 small development projects ( mainly quick-gestation , small-scale social-sector projects ) , and pledged further funds for education
, health , power , and telecommunications . Asia also has no decision center , nor coordinating institutions comparable to NATO or the European Union . Twenty years ago , such developments would have interested
mostly bankers and businesspeople . But paradoxically , it may also contain an element of forgetfulness , because it tends to conceal the fact that liberation required a military defeat . In fact , the resolution
calls on the participants at a conference of donors , to take place in London at the end of January , “ to take into consideration the proposal of licensed production of opium for medical purposes , as
already granted to a number of countries . ” But the mechanisms that individuals can use to join with their immediate neighbors in political action that makes a difference in their lives have become much
weaker . Globalization and dynamic changes in the economies and politics of its myriad countries is providing Latin America with an opportunity to decrease the scope of its dependency on the United States
, and thus to renegotiate , on better terms , its hitherto asymmetric relations with its giant northern neighbor . Building more human capital in Europe and worldwide is a crucially important element in
future EU activities . Belief in Bush 's honesty led many voters to prefer him to Albert Gore in the 2000 presidential election . Imanishi 's influence is now pervasive - all primate scientists have adopted
the technique of following individuals over time , and animal culture is the hottest topic in our field . I come from a position that says that ours is a moral universe , and good will ultimately prevail
. A realistic Plan B “ ” does not mean plotting a second meeting after Copenhagen , as some have suggested . For example , alternative systems of SDR allocation , with a greater proportion of SDRs given
to countries actually demanding the reserves ( mainly developing countries ) , might contribute to global growth and stability . Rather than buckle to France s will ’ , however , the Romanian president
warned France ’ s leaders to stop lecturing his country – a sure sign that French influence is on the wane even in countries with which it has had close historical ties . In 2008 , India capped rice exports
, and Argentina did the same for wheat exports , as did Russia in 2010 . It follows that nine-year-old girls are also adults in criminal law , and subject to capital punishment for , say , converting to
another religion . Especially in Chinese villages , people know how their neighbors are faring . States could apparently almost magically create security and trust simply by imposing it . There is good reason
to believe that China ’ s new leaders are now determined to wean the economy off ever-mounting ( and destabilizing ) debt – especially in its rapidly expanding shadow banking system “ ” . However vibrant
, Israel ’ s democracy is not exactly manageable or predictable , either . Afghans themselves are not solely to blame for this state of affairs . Due to the huge US budget deficit , the supply of American
government bonds will increase astronomically in the years ahead . But there is no guarantee that demand for these Treasury notes among foreign investors – including foreign governments – will be sufficient
. John Pang , the Chief Executive of CARI , a research organization based in Malaysia , says that today ’ s transitional Myanmar / Burma is “ a game the Chinese gave away . ” Their plight , symptomatic in
many ways of the plight of women around the world , holds lessons for us all . Central banks understandably seek more reserves as their economies grow . It still must feel good to be a national hero , hailed
in the streets of Rome , Madrid , London , or Berlin as a returning warrior from a successful campaign . The Palestinians are seen as colonial subjects , and the longer Israel continues to occupy Arab territories
, the more this perception will be confirmed . It may also delay needed fiscal austerity if large deficits are monetized , and , by keeping rates too low , prevent the market from imposing discipline . The
creation of the welfare state in Western countries after World War II helped to create a safety net for people disadvantaged by economic change , thereby encouraging them to accept the return of international
economic interdependence . A crucial dimension of globalization has been trade liberalization . This would mean that China s much-publicized effort ’ to boost domestic consumption might in fact call for
appropriate credit-market reforms . I would get back to the central issues . That is where the election will be lost or won . So any future Prime Minister Putin will be able to say — hey , I rule under the
ultra-democratic Italian parliamentary model . The issues have not changed much since their argument began in the Great Depression of the 1930 s ’ . What causes market economies to collapse ? From this point
of view , Merkel should be grateful to Cameron for the distraction that he created in Brussels . That will put more pressure on the country ’ s already limited stock of agricultural land . Educating young
Malawians , especially girls , and making contraceptives widely available , would do much more to slow population growth than a few inter-country adoptions . Of course , aid should be directed to specific
needs – for example , malaria control , food production , safe drinking water , and sanitation whose fulfillment – can be measured and monitored to resist corruption . By raising living standards , we
would also be empowering both civil society and impoverished governments to defend the rule of law . China is making huge efforts to combat climate change despite the fact that it remains a low-income developing
country with a per-capita GDP of just about $ 3,000 . Indeed , by United Nations standards , China still has 150 million people living in poverty . These cultural traits are difficult to quantify , so economists
are uncomfortable in dealing with them . They are often passed down within families , so they elude social policies that are based on the notion that equality of opportunity can be created by government
action . Otherwise , resource shortages will push up commodity prices and create crises in food , water , fisheries , forests , land use , and housing , thereby leading to greater social injustice . Moreover
, although the World Bank accepted the country s reconstruction program ’ – called “ Horizon 2000 ” – the money for it , from the European Investment Bank and Arab funds , has barely trickled in . In a
randomized trial , 30 % of those who risked a penalty for failure achieved their goal , compared to only 5 % in the control group . The other factors - equipment , coaching , and nutrition - contribute
to an athlete 's success but don 't evoke the same awe or esteem . When we watch a sprinter set a new Olympic record in the hundred meter dash , it 's not the shoes he or she wears that command our admiration
. Yet official US aid to Africa is only $ 3 billion per year , and much of that covers salaries for American consultants rather than investments in Africa s ’ needs . EU member states share highly sensitive
intelligence and police information as never before , thereby increasing public security while upholding world-class legal and democratic standards . As a result , the burden of the crisis is being borne
mainly by the unemployed and the young . Given Italy ’ s adverse competitiveness position , devaluation of the currency , were it possible , would not be a long-term substitute for productivity-boosting
reforms , but it certainly would help in at least three ways . But the decreased flexibility in response to economic shocks will certainly test it . There is little or no discussion of where Europe is heading
and what sort of Europe its people want . It can also be good for growth when it is targeted at binding constraints . In the US , government policy mandates 48 billion liters of ethanol in 2011 . Europe 's
attention nowadays is rightly focused on enlargement and on the constitution that is currently being worked out between the EU 's member states . Interestingly , there was some discussion under the French
presidency about reforming the so-called Athena Mechanism , which is the means used to determine the amount that each EU member state contributes to the common costs of a mission . I replied that I believed
in an " equilibrium dollar . " By contrast , reunited Germany has some 80 million people , France only 60 million . Perhaps the reason was ideology : we were too wedded to the idea that markets are efficient
, market participants are rational , and high prices are justified by economic fundamentals . Indeed , it is the ultimate irony that money is now flowing from poor and well-managed economies to the US ,
the source of the global problems . Policymakers initially resorted to government spending and low interest rates to boost demand . The upcoming Sustainable Development Goals will be based on the understanding
that economic development is key to improving human well-being and securing the most vulnerable people ’ s rights . But the most likely explanation is the simplest one : China was deliberately asserting
its authority over the disputed border . The Nobelists point ’ is that , as far as therapeutic cloning is concerned , rather than attempting global prohibition , it would be much wiser , and possibly more
effective , to promote an international regulatory regime through ample legalization of stem cell research . Even though American pride and consumer spending would be dented , the damage to the world economy
would probably not be huge . There are those that revel in what they see as a come-uppance for brash Dubai ’ s outsized ambitions . The word rickshaw “ ” originates from the Japanese wordjinrikisha , which
literally means “ human-powered vehicle . ” Which Way is West for Turkey ? So where does this leave us ? No doubt the debate will continue , in the G-20 and elsewhere . The most recent report by the Independent
Monitoring Board of the Global Polio Eradication Initiative , released in November 2012 , acknowledged Pakistan s recent progress ’ – in stark contrast to the bleak outlook of its previous report . But
it is critical that the country ’ s upcoming election does not jeopardize recent gains , particularly during the current low-transmission season , which is the best opportunity to stop the disease in its
tracks . A more positive view of Obama emerged when the Arab revolts began in Tunisia and Egypt countries – with pro-US regimes . In the US , for example , the G-8 country for which we currently have the
most data , infection rates have halved in the six years since the vaccine was first introduced . It is about lasting peace and shared prosperity . The Kazakhs are keen to sell their oil and gas to the West
at the very moment that the European Union is anxious to shed its dependence on Russian supplies . But that stability is now disappearing fast--along with the fundamental consensus on which it rested . The
instruments that China uses are diverse , including a new class of stealth warriors reared by paramilitary maritime agencies . But it is not clear that this would be enough to remove the danger that an
IMF decision , taken in response to deteriorating country policies , could precipitate a crisis . As always , the devil is in the details . Mass migration from poor countries has created fear and xenophobia
in richer countries , especially among the working class . By contrast , $ 10 spent on Vitamin A supplements would achieve more than $ 170 of benefits in health and long-term prosperity . This may help break
the demoralizing cycle of unemployment and alienation . But , to be clear , no one is thinking of eliminating basic services , or dismantling the social safety net . Only an increase in the number of permanent
and non-permanent seats can remedy the representation deficit within the Security Council and adapt it to the realities of the twenty-first century . If new members and regions are not offered a seat at
the table , the Council will face increasing irrelevance – and the world , more than ever in need of effective conflict resolution , will be far worse off . In the last 18 months , the peso has appreciated
6 % more than the renminbi , eroding Mexico s ability ’ to compete with Chinese exports to the US , by far Mexico s largest export market ’ . After a two-year investigation involving more than a dozen journalists
, the Post concluded that no one knows how much US intelligence operations cost – or even how many people American intelligence agencies employ . More importantly , China needs either to privatize its SOEs
, so that their profits become income for households , or to tax their profits at a far higher rate and transfer the fiscal gains to households . Instead , on top of household savings , the savings or
retained earnings – – of the corporate sector , mostly SOEs , tie up another 25 % of GDP . Some adaptation will occur naturally , as rising energy and other commodity prices generate incentives to economize
or seek alternatives . But the un-priced environmental externalities global warming and water depletion – , for example – will require serious attention , not myopic , reactive mindsets and approaches
. But these surveys , which tabulate quick answers to simple questions , do not tell us how deeply held these opinions are , how new circumstances might change confidence , or what people will really do
when they make important decisions in coming months or years . This brings us to the recent financial-market turbulence . In Western Europe and North America , divorce rates soared as married women poured
into the workplace in the 1970 s ’ and 1980 s ’ , with women initiating most divorces . In the Scandinavian countries , as opposed to , say , Germany and the US , the government , not individual companies
, are responsible for most social benefits . As soon as French Finance Minister Nicolas Sarkozy decided to leave the government and start campaigning for the presidency , incumbent President Jacques Chirac
abandoned all plans for reforms that might antagonize voters . The difficulty is in the fact that it is not always easy to divide peacefully ethnic and religious groups and to redraw boundaries . Public
officials should hold private interests at arm s length ’ and never cozy up to them . Moreover , the war didn 't change the quality of Iraqi fields , which are still among the richest in the world and can
produce oil with relatively little effort and investment . The book 's success is itself a sign of a kind of " malaise . " They reduced inflation , floated their currencies , ran external surpluses or small
deficits , and , most importantly , accumulated mountains of foreign reserves ( which now comfortably exceed their short-term external debts ) . Integrating these different streams of analysis into a coherent
approach to economic growth is a huge challenge to policymakers and academics alike . The most benign explanation for this behavior is that it is a consequence of the AKP s own long history ’ of persecution
by the military and secular old guard . Some Arab properties in Jerusalem are purchased by Jewish businessmen or organizations . However , Ireland ’ s big trade surplus did improve further . That dynamic
is still at work . You can t but ’ – showing that you noticed their unhappiness with you counts for a lot . As the long American struggle for “ states rights and ’ ” – indeed the Civil War shows – , creating
a political union out of a collection of self-governing entities is hardly a smooth or speedy process . And some of it is coming from private investors , who are using gold as a hedge against what remain
low-probability tail risks “ ” ( high inflation and another near-depression caused by a double-dip recession ) . Do they strengthen or undermine the political stability needed to rebuild wrecked communities
and shattered economies ? As its economy slows , the improvement in its fiscal position may be minimal . With China 's growing sense of itself as a superpower , resentment about the country being poorer
and less admired than some other nations has become intolerable . Educating residents of low-lying coastal areas about the warning signs of a tsunami ( tremors and a sudden recession in the ocean ) , establishing
a warning system involving emergency broadcasts , telephoned warnings , and air-raid-type sirens , and improving emergency response systems would have saved many who were killed by the Indian Ocean tsunami
. Those that seek to influence foreign-policy outcomes can be typecast , perhaps unkindly , as “ thinkers , ” “ talkers , ” or “ doers . ” The second big global risk comes from Europe , where Germany ’ s
strong performance is coinciding with a debt crisis on the European Union s periphery ’ . Vladimir Putin s return ’ to the presidency this year marked a new low for Russian strategic vision . What most European
countries get for their social expenditure is a lot of state provision of services , and not much reduction in social inequality . So lower levels of social expenditure could involve only a relatively
small increase in inequality and social conflict . That was the case in Asia in the late 1990 s ’ , as well as in the US in 2009 . Similarly , the seventeenth-century Hungarian Transylvanian Countess Elizabeth
Báthory , who tortured young girls to death and believed in the curative power of bathing in their blood , contributed to the West 's image of Eastern Europe as the heart of darkness of the human soul
. Indeed , full-fledged society -building “ ” started only after the 1868 Meiji Restoration , which tipped the balance of power definitively in favor of the state . As a result , the mandarins survived
WWII and the postwar American occupation relatively undamaged , and they will strive to survive the DPJ government as well . That is why the new policies must come first . Jinnah s Labyrinth ’ The United
States did not fall over the fiscal cliff . Major hurdles include poor transport connectivity and stifling non-tariff barriers , which impede growth and undermine welfare in Nepal , Bhutan , Bangladesh
, and north-eastern India . It would probably be too politically sensitive for the Fund to announce by exactly how much different currencies were overvalued and undervalued , and to declare some as seriously
misaligned . Instead , it could settle for offering a range of assessments . Indeed , the Organization of American States ( OAS ) suspended Honduras last year because of the coup d état ’ that deposed and
deported then-President Manuel Zelaya . In Britain , News Corporation has been creating a sort of state unto itself by corrupting the police , assuming police powers of surveillance , and intimidating politicians
into looking the other way . The case of Mannesmann in its fight to avoid takeover by Vodaphone is only the most recent example ; a few months ago the French government openly discouraged any idea of a
takeover of Société Générale by non-French investors . The UK s national interests ’ have not changed , and no fundamental shifts within the EU have worked against those interests . PRAGUE – For decades
, the idea of the electric car has captured the imaginations of innovators – including Henry Ford and Thomas Edison more than a century ago . She has received death threats from Muslim extremists ever since
she renounced – indeed , denounced – her Muslim faith , and was forced to live as a virtual fugitive , albeit under the protection of the Dutch state . Before moving to the United States , she was forced
out of her apartment in The Hague by complaining neighbors , and almost deprived of her passport . Time is running out for preventative action to be taken . The European Union s 20-20-20 mantra aims ’ “
” to cut greenhouse gas ( GHG ) emissions by 20 % relative to their level in 1990 and to increase the share of renewable resources to 20 % by the year 2020 . Much depends on whether the West retains its
sway in other parts of the world . Tortured reasoning about phrases like “ use of force ” or “ exclusively defense-oriented policy ” amounts to an open invitation to confusion , both in the military and
to countries in the region . NEW YORK Ratko Mladić – is an easy man to hate . He was one of the men responsible for stabbing Myrna , but in Guatemala , human rights abuses begin at a much higher level . When
the economy starts recovering , and banks start lending , will they be able to drain the liquidity smoothly out of the system ? Will America face a bout of inflation ? In the 19th century , European colonists
in Africa settled in the cooler mountains to escape the dangerous swamp air ( " mal aria " ) in the lowlands . Of course , some nations do better : Sweden , Norway , Denmark , The Netherlands , and Luxembourg
all exceed the United Nations target of allocating the equivalent of 0.7 % of gross national income in foreign aid . By leaving Pinchuk off this list , Yushchenko may be hinting that he wants a truce with
Ukraine 's most powerful magnate should he become president . But this method omits much of what has been learned about genomic evolution in the last quarter-century . Mutational processes are far more
complex than was thought a few decades ago ; with strand slippage , duplication , transposition , and illegitimate recombination producing qualitative differences between closely-related genomes . That
is , like the effort to ban alcohol , prohibiting the sale of tobacco would funnel billions of dollars into organized crime and fuel corruption in law-enforcement agencies , while doing little to reduce
smoking . Simultaneously , fertility rates dropped to 1.4 per woman . They take their direction from corporate bureaucrats in waging war against the indigenous people , whose sacred land is sited on vast
reserves of “ unobtainium , ” which the corporation wishes to secure at all costs . As a result , long-term adversaries like France and Germany were reconciled within a region-wide project – first a coal
and steel community , which expanded to become the European Economic Community and , ultimately , the European Union – that integrated the continent politically and economically to such an extent that
violent conflict was rendered unthinkable . Officials in both Hong Kong and Guangdong are powerless to clean up their environmental problems on their own . In fact , development plans in China may be heading
in the opposite direction . But , instead of accepting the natural decline in their populations , rich-country governments absorb more and more people to hold down wages and thereby grow faster . In 2006
, Santa Claus again came from Germany with a sack full of good news about the business cycle . So those who are included and benefit by free enterprise , yet are burdened by the social costs of exclusion
, should all be willing to pay something to remedy these conditions . Likewise , the fear , fueled entirely by the European Union s dysfunctional politics ’ , that eurozone governments might default – thereby
causing the same dire consequences – has begun to dissipate . But now America has returned firmly to center stage . Likewise , in 2004 , Costa Rica ’ s president decreed that his administration stop advertising
in the country s leading daily newspaper ’ , in retaliation for critical coverage . It is a belated debate here . Atwww.350.org you can find out what is happening near you and join in , or put your own idea
online . Although 53 % of US Muslims think that life is more difficult since the terrorist attacks of 2001 , most think that this is the fault of the government , not their neighbors . Indeed , 73 % said
they had never experienced discrimination while living in America . The consequences could be catastrophic , not just for Greece , but also for Portugal , Spain , Italy , and who knows whom else . Both thought
that only a fiscally strong US could have the military prowess needed to defend itself from the European powers , whose return to American soil both men expected . Western analysts have tended either to
dismiss Turkmenistan as a human rights pariah , or to approach the country simply as a source of natural gas in the ongoing pipeline competition involving Western Europe and Russia . Today , Africa s rate
’ of economic growth is second only to Asia s ’ . The global savings glut is the result of this perverse relationship . Indeed , its use can be counterproductive . Einstein s remark ’ about having “ blundered
” is as misleading as the idea that he is “ right after all . ” The cosmological term is not something that should never have been proposed . But their presence has also raised concerns that speculation
in commodity futures could result in higher price volatility . There are also subtle abnormalities in brain structure . So make no mistake . Asia s challenges ’ are graver than those facing Europe , which
embodies comprehensive development more than any other part of the world . And it is biased toward universal recipes model institutional arrangements – “ ” , “ best practices , ” rules of thumb , and so
forth . Only a few years ago , Iran s government ’ seemed sufficiently in awe of the US to inch toward an agreement on its nuclear program that would have interrupted , and perhaps even halted , its enrichment
activities . In the 1990s , by contrast , Argentina 's GDP per capita grow by 25 % from trough to peak--only to lose this entire income gain over the past four years . But , since Hamas will not simply disappear
– nor will Hezbollah – so the key point is to defend Israel and its citizens as they pursue their normal lives . This also means that at some point a big decision may have to be made on attacking Iran
s nuclear facilities ’ . Leaving Bosnians to explore the options that befall a failed state ( with a Muslim plurality ) – located within Europe but on the margins of its prosperity , unity , and relative
social cohesion – is to acknowledge policy bankruptcy and let others roll the dice on ways to end the current stalemate . A second kind of comparison focused on so-called paralogous proteins , which are
descended from a common ancestor within the same creature as a result of gene duplications . In 2011 , local-government debt totaled ¥ 10.7 trillion ( $ 1.7 trillion ) , with only 54 of more than 2,500
county governments debt-free . It is also designing and developing new classes of conventional short-range ballistic missiles ( SRBMs ) and medium-range ballistic missiles ( MRBMs ) , such as the DF-21
mobile – , solid-propellant , longer range , more accurate , and able to exploit vulnerabilities in ballistic missile-defense systems . Salim Ahmad Hamdan served as Osama bin Laden ’ s personal driver . Given
their strong traditions of building human capital – and their motivation to continue to do so Russia – and Europe have much to offer one another . But the lustration law was but one act among many in a
systematic effort by Poland s current government ’ to undermine the country ’ s democratic institutions and fabric . It is an arms race that underfunded government agencies have no chance to win . He vowed
that he would never end up teaching children “ how horsey moves ” ( the reference is to the knight , also called the horse ) . But now he does exactly that , earning more from teaching “ how horsey moves
” than he ever did as a competitive chess player . Indirectly , it concerns all of us , for the choice made by Arcelor s shareholders ’ is far from being an exception ; on the contrary , it reveals the
deep economic and social significance of corporate takeovers of this type . It is an artifact of Reinhart and Rogoff s non-parametric method ’ : throw the data into four bins , with 90 % serving as the
bottom of the top bin . But the real question now is whether America is still able and willing to uphold its global pretensions . This means not only matching skills to jobs , but also expanding the range
of jobs to match skills . In particular , the IMF now recognizes that capital-account liberalization requires countries to reach a certain threshold with respect to financial and governance institutions
, and that many emerging-market and developing countries have not . In the European Parliament elections in June 2009 , center-right parties won a majority in all ten eastern EU countries , and center-right
parties now govern in nine of them , with Slovenia the sole exception . These are countries where it sometimes seems easier to start an uprising than to start a business . The Court held that clinicians
must inform patients in advance of surgery that their tissue could be used for research , but denied Moore 's claim . Another concern is that ketamine s benefits ’ may be relatively fleeting . For developed
countries , increasing resilience and flexibility over time by building public assets should be a long-term priority . Periodic systemic risk affects entire economies and public finances , not only financial
markets , and governments should be able to respond during periods of rapid structural change . Or if somebody told me that " I love Swedes , but Sweden should be abolished . " Not all of the sources of
soft power were American witness – the role of the BBC and the Beatles . Some policymakers in Brussels and EU capitals increasingly view the prospect of EU enlargement into the Balkans with alarm . The same
appears true when measured by sales . Both sides have yet to realize that TV is more than a cash cow for advertising revenue . Supposedly , now , as then , the world is criminally indifferent . Along with
parties and parliaments , elections have lost their charm . Declining voter turnout tells the story . Somehow , they must find ways to help the US expand its exports . Thus , the outstanding issue is media
freedom , with the FSB faction and the liberals opposing one another . But it should be no surprise in a democracy that the government should pursue policies that are popular with a majority of voters .
The fiscal costs of such measures are high , but the average Indian is better off now than he or she was nine years ago . A field of science can turn barren if no fundamentally new approaches to research
are on the horizon . The IMF s decision ’ was in response to the Pakistani government s failure ’ to take promised steps to increase its abysmal tax-to-GDP ratio , which stands at less that 10 % , one of
the lowest levels in the emerging world . Within a month , the Chicago Mercantile Exchange ( CME ) , in collaboration with my company , MacroMarkets , as well as Fiserv and Standard &amp; Poor s ’ , will
launch futures and options contracts on home prices in ten cities in the United States . The contracts will be settled on the S &amp; P / Case-Shiller Home Price Indices , which developed out of academic
work that my colleague Karl Case and I pioneered almost twenty years ago . So what will replace the Chinese Communist Party will probably be a new force that emerges from inside the party ; a group that
regrets the errors of the Communist system , a group committed to establishing a healthy democracy . In fact , as former US National Security Adviser Zbigniew Brzezinski argued at the World Peace Forum
in Beijing in June , what the world really needs is a comprehensive economic partnership between the US and China . But such cooperation will be impossible unless the US recognizes China as an equal partner
and not – just rhetorically . He famously induced people from a variety of social classes and occupations to administer what they thought were increasingly harsh electrical shocks to a helpless victim (
played by an actor ) sitting in an adjoining room , and his findings have since been replicated around the world . And yet many policymakers are insisting on immediate action to rectify not only fiscal
deficits , but also trade imbalances and banks balance-sheet weaknesses ’ . While these undoubtedly need to be addressed in the longer term , prioritizing them now effectively stymies stronger , sustained
recovery efforts . Indeed , that is why we have collectively done a very bad job so far in dealing with the enormous rise in inequality between the industrial middle class and the plutocratic superrich
that we have witnessed in the last generation . A tiny minority of such men might lash out in desperation . The message is clear . Moreover , welcoming a country like Turkey will send a positive signal to
the Muslim world . India 's exports of computer software and hardware have soared from a few hundred million dollars some years back to around $ 5 billion today , with a forecasted growth to $ 30 billion
or more by 2005 . Likewise , transfers to state and local governments , which have limited constitutional scope to borrow , would help slow down wrenching layoffs of teachers , firefighters , and police
. Lastly , extending unemployment insurance in the wake of a once-in-a-half-century crisis should be a no-brainer . This , Karnofsky and Hassenfeld thought , is not a good way to go about charitable work
. The number of undernourished people has continued to grow , while progress in reducing the prevalence of hunger stalled – or even reversed – in some regions between 2000-2002 and 2005-2007 . Once forests
start to disappear , a host of environmental , social , and economic ills usually follow , affecting us all in some way . Why More Migration Makes Sense But this seems like collateral damage from the pursuit
of an overriding political objective . Episodic muddling through may be the best that can be hoped for . Now , they can track people through online cookies and gain insight “ ” into their behavior – and
their likely purchasing patterns . As in 1848 , the struggle for affordable food is producing discontent that transcends national frontiers , threatens established regimes , and fuels popular demand for
a more just political order . But treatments based on these diagnoses did not alleviate the children ’ s symptoms . At the conference in Tanzania , we look forward to feedback and ideas about how the Fund
can do even more and – differently . And deeper emissions cuts like those proposed by the European Union 20 % – below 1990 levels within 12 years – would reduce global temperatures by only one-sixtieth
of one degree Celsius ( one-thirtieth of one degree Fahrenheit ) by 2100 , at a cost of $ 10 trillion . For every dollar spent , we would do just four cents worth of good . Now , as then , most Latin American
countries have not taken a principled stand – either for or against Israel , or for or against the Palestinians . Yet we have seen major changes recently in homeowners ’ insurance rates . Without more sophisticated
arguments , they might well find themselves submerged under a pile of regulatory sandbags . Christian Democrats pose no danger to democracies in Europe . But recent events do not carry such a rosy interpretation
. Fréderic Mitterand , the culture minister , spoke of “ a scary America that has just shown its face . ” But , even though the additional loans that Greece will soon receive from the European Union and
the IMF carry low interest rates , the level of Greek debt will rise rapidly to unsustainable levels . But the stress tests and targeted TARP money , the path of least resistance taken , enabled the banks
to earn their way back to solvency . However distasteful the uses to which those earnings have been put , they at least prevented the financial system from falling off a cliff . There is little doubt that
the naval confrontation in which four South Korean sailors were killed further damaged President Kim 's credibility on policy toward the North . But dramatic gender inequities persist in South Asia , more
so than in other low-income countries . By contrast , most Asian countries continue to behave in typical Lewisian fashion . Each year in Norway , the government publishes the income and wealth of almost
every taxpayer . High-level collusion enables thousands of tons of chemical precursors , needed to produce heroin , to be trucked into the country . Armed convoys transport raw opium around the country
unhindered . TOKYO – In today ’ s Asia , there are two economic powers of global standing , Japan and China . Egyptians are already wary of token reforms à la Tunisia , where longstanding President Zine
El Abidin Bin Ali created a caricature of a constitutional amendment that appeared to open the door for competitive presidential elections , but then staged a sham contest with a few handpicked opponents
“ . ” Yet a new survey shows that Americans believe that the share of renewables in 2035 will be 30.2 % . Four factors have contributed most to this positive reversal : the Georgia war , the global economic
crisis , the Obama factor , and China ’ s relentless rise . Over the next decade , global competition will come to be defined as competition over the global value chain . Although job growth in October was
robust at last , in September there were only 96,000 new jobs , 50,000 short of what was needed . The results were not encouraging . But their formulation is inconsistent . Is that a sensible use of resources
in a country in which there are officially 39 million people below the poverty line , which for a family of four is $ 22,000 ? Huntington s mistake ’ , it seems , was to contain the West inside national
borders : there is no map of the West . But we cannot reach that goal alone , much less negotiate with those whose idea of a stable and peaceful Middle East is one that has no place for Israel . By contrast
, America s flirtation ’ with colonialism in the Spanish American War , its involvement in Mexico , Central America , and the Caribbean throughout the twentieth century , and , arguably , World War I ,
were not watersheds for the US . The SCO promotes free trade , too , and aims to build essential infrastructure such as roads and railways to link its members and boost commerce between them while also
harmonizing customs systems and tariffs . Hence , Japan must be seen to be doing more to support its inseparable ally , as well as international peacekeeping efforts in general . There are now signs that
the consensus reigning in Western central banks for the last two decades is being challenged . But one is tempted to believe them when they add that they are now focused on diplomacy . The growing unease
with FDI is so far largely confined to developed countries . Likewise , migration pressure would have been reduced , because it is the huge disparity in incomes more than anything else that leads people
to leave their homes and families to immigrate to the US . Nonetheless , Spaniards recognize that they have not had it so good for a long time , and recently returned Prime Minister José Maria Aznar to
office with both a parliamentary majority no longer dependent on coalition partners and a mandate to modernize Spain even more . As for human rights that are particularly valued in the contemporary West
those – of dissenters and minorities , including sexual minorities Russia – seems to be on a completely different wavelength . Like China and unlike Japan , India resisted changes in its ancient beliefs
about the way the world works ( and should work ) which modernization entails . Instead , like many Islamic countries today , India wrongly believed Gandhi 's doctrine that modernization necessarily means
Westernization . Nor should today s ’ uncertainties become an excuse to call into question the need to continue and complete the process of EU enlargement . Whether “ democracy ” will ensue is much more
dubious . Judging on the basis of Pakistan , and much of the rest of the Muslim world , periods of ( corrupt ) civilian rule will alternate with “ cleansing military coups ” . China can now generate 6.2
gigawatts of solar power and 68.3 gigawatts of wind power – the equivalent of 50 coal-fired power plants – and has nine of the world s top ten solar-energy companies ’ , which together produce 65 % of
the world s photovoltaic panels ’ . Before she knew it , Ms. Watanabe was in her thirties . Nor does he seem eager to open a rift with Israel by dragging its government to an international conference , the
way his father did with Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir in 1991 . Yet it is also clear that “ not talking ” is not much of a policy . Hence the televised confessions “ ” that hearkened back to the taking of
hostages in the American Embassy ( the nest “ of spies ” ) , and the rallies against foreign embassies . Politicians often say that they will achieve budget surpluses in the future , but seldom do so . Given
that the government can change laws , name judges , and staff the state administration , Turkey s slide ’ to another political model could reach a point of no return . Their total combined circulation is
of similar size to total newspaper circulation in Germany , but there fewer than 500 titles do the job . But focusing exclusively on what is believed and practiced overlooks a potentially far more important
question : how religious precepts are believed and practiced . Whether they actually make a difference or are mistakenly perceived to have made even a minor contribution to a given cause ( my own case with
Vicente Fox s election ’ as Mexico ’ s president in 2000 ) , they are held responsible for the results , for better or for worse . Having socialized banks losses ’ after we had seen the privatization of
their gains , our rage quotient has shot up once more at the news that the banks we saved are again filling the troughs into which all those snouts are enthusiastically dipped . It has taken months to find
this out , but the same thing happened in 660 other local boards : roughly 120,000 votes – 30 % of the total – were never made public . If the results of these boards had been counted , the opposition
would have won the capital s mayoralty ’ by a wide margin . Entrepreneurs are greedy by definition : if they were not , they would go bankrupt . An open society will never be created or sustained by righteous
entrepreneurs or be the mere byproduct of political engineering . Research assistants with one year of experience working on derivatives issues would get bid away by the private sector at salaries five
times what the government could pay . And they , too , are thought to have superhuman powers when it comes to making money . So when things go wrong , the Chinese are blamed , not just for being greedy
capitalists , but also , again like the Jews , for being Communists , since both capitalism and communism are associated with rootlessness and cosmopolitanism . Between citizen solidarity at the nation-state
level and humanitarian solidarity on the global level lies a third level of solidarity which is most interesting for Europeans--the EU level . Whether or not to surrender some of those powers in order to
deepen Korean democracy is the riskiest question he now faces . Bypassing the UN once again , the US is declaring its intention to intervene directly by bombing Syria , ostensibly to deter the future use
of chemical weapons . Former Israeli premier Ehud Barak should carry his share of the blame . Obama swept to power on the promise of change . So far there has been none . There have been some notable documents
, though not many . This is not an argument against transformational leaders . Mohandas Gandhi , Nelson Mandela , and Martin Luther King , Jr . , played crucial roles in transforming people s identity and
aspirations ’ . According to the International Energy Agency , governments pumped $ 523 billion into fossil-fuel subsidies in 2011 . From a climate-change perspective , this is a world turned upside down
: for every $ 1 in support for renewable energy , another $ 6 promotes carbon-intensive fuels . Should America be nervous ? But what if MNEs provided the funds ? Obviously , MNEs want the best possible deal
for themselves ; but they also want durable contracts that won ’ t be repudiated by the next government . Some years ago I left Delhi to lecture in a city in the developing world . Many of the problems faced
by people affected by leprosy today stem from society ’ s ignorance about the disease . The alternative is paralysis . Indeed , South Africa , not China , is the country making the largest investments in
the rest of Africa . A World of Gray The language of justice and injustice , and demands of unconditional surrender and criminal retribution for the vanquished only promote – indeed , provoke total war –
. Not only will those loans ’ price fall if only a few entities have the spare funds to buy them , but other distressed entities ’ scramble to borrow also will make it hard for any institution without funds
to obtain them . For when we touch the heart of matter , we also touch the hidden order of Being beyond scientific understanding . And one billionaire would find himself coincidentally at the center of it
all . ” Yet the General Assembly is the only place where obstruction by major countries – for example , by China and the United States at December s global climate talks ’ in Copenhagen – can be bypassed
. Despite his lack of muscles and hair , Berlusconi is the embodiment of this form of success . Under a pre-trading disclosure arrangement , an executive wishing to sell a given number of shares would have
to announce such an intention substantially in advance , say , more than six months . Hatoyama s ministers ’ did not ask their counterparts in the departing administration of former Prime Minister Taro
Aso to inform them fully about existing and potential foreign-policy problems . The dilemma facing the West is that it needs Russia s backing ’ not only on policy toward Iran and North Korea , but also
in Afghanistan , Iraq , and the Middle East as a whole . Unfortunately , Bush s strategy ’ of democracy promotion has mainly contributed to unease around the world and alienation from Western goals . To
do that , Pakistan would need help from some of the Afghan Pashtun tribes with which it had developed strong relations during the war against the Soviet Union . The situation is deteriorating , and , in
the longer term , it is bound to become unsustainable . Asian economies have opened up too , but policymakers there have taken greater care to support manufacturing industries . At a time when South Koreans
are becoming more globalized , learning English , and welcoming a growing number of immigrants , Japan is entering a de-globalization process “ . ” Next , his Diamond VIP Hilton HHonors card ; she calmly
slaps hers on the rickety table where they are sharing drinks . The WEO s prediction ’ of a strengthening recovery this year continues the misdiagnosis . Thus , people saw the Greek crisis not just as a
metaphor , but also as a morality tale . Nor is democracy in retreat . Freedom House , a non-governmental organization , listed 86 free countries at the beginning of the Bush years , a total that increased
slightly , to 89 , by the end of his term . People vote for all kinds of parties , from the far right all the way to the left , so long as they are convinced that the parties will deal with their social
concerns and grievances . But such extremist Islamic groups have been gaining support in Gaza , and Hamas has noticed . These loans earn the banks a high return when the economy is strong , but are protected
from losses by government bailouts when the economy weakens . In many advanced economies , real GDP remains lower than its pre-crisis level . The Maldives and a host of Pacific Island states will disappear
: our twenty-first-century Atlantis . ASEAN 's leaders have ignored the lessons offered first by the Common Market , and then the European Union . Indeed , it costs $ 0.70-0.80 per cubic meter to provide
piped water in urban areas , compared to $ 2 in sparsely populated areas . Is it unreasonable to claim , as the saying goes , that the proof is in the pudding ? This shield may , perhaps , have worked too
well because the more weakly performing countries faced no discipline from financial markets . Descendants of the European settlers in Algeria fled back to Europe . To be sure , fiscal deficits and emergency
measures in advanced economies and some major developing countries have cushioned the sharp decline , substituting in part for missing consumers . The fact that Ecuadoran President Rafael Correa has emerged
as Assange s foremost ally ’ is profoundly ironic . These investments generally have the effect ( in advanced and developing countries alike ) of raising the return to private investment , causing the latter
to expand in scale and scope , lifting employment along with it . Reforming the tax system to favor investment and eliminate complexity and inefficiency would help . But Gandhi s yardstick ’ for non-violent
protest was satyagraha – “ the protest of truth . ” By contrast , India ’ s current anti-corruption protests may be missing the point , for the central challenge in fighting corruption is to establish
a freedom born of righteous conduct , not to authorize a new source of state coercion . So , besides the FDP , this party , too , is profiting from the mainstream political parties ’ half-hearted handling
of the global economic crisis . Few Palestinians are even aware that four years ago Arafat turned down an independent state equal in size to the entire West Bank and Gaza Strip , in addition to more than
$ 20 billion in refugee compensation . In addition , Jews had a religious culture that promoted universal adult literacy – at least for men – and a culture that respected book learning . For example , “
an increase in government size by ten percentage points is associated with a 0.5-1 % lower annual growth rate . ” In April 2010 , the leader of this school , Harvard University s Alberto Alesina ’ , assured
European finance ministers that “ even sharp reductions of budget deficits have been accompanied and immediately followed by sustained growth rather than recessions even in the very short run . ” The quality
of economic management in the new Administration s first year ’ will set the course for many years to come . China s leaders ’ seem to have taken note of this moment of Japanese remorse . This implies a
ray of hope for a bilateral relationship – the most important in Asia – that over the past two decades has been battered by Japan ’ s reluctance to face its past , which has become a lightning rod for
over-heated nationalist sentiment on both sides . The Case for Palestine Population pressures will ease , as will the strain on fragile tropical ecosystems . India is set for more coalition rule . VIENNA –
As an African , my dream for the next decade is to see the continent producing and selling chocolate to 300 million Chinese , instead of exporting raw commodities like cocoa . Halappanavar , an expectant
mother , died after her doctors , citing Ireland ’ s legal prohibition of abortion , refused to remove her 17-week-old fetus , despite allegedly acknowledging that the fetus was not viable and placing
Halappanavar in an intensive-care unit as her condition deteriorated . To Repay or Not to Repay Debts ? Rather than creating a uniform , predictable , and scientifically sound framework for effectively managing
legitimate risks , the bio-safety protocol establishes an ill-defined global regulatory process that permits overly risk-averse , incompetent , or corrupt regulators to hide behind the precautionary principle
in delaying or deferring approvals . We have much to learn from systems that have demonstrated continuous improvement , in contexts as varied as Singapore , Chile , Ghana , Slovenia , and England . While
each of these countries had very different starting points , progress has been aided by the political will to measure outcomes and learn from results , define a sustainable path for change , and make smart
, effective investments . But a side effect of the fall in GDP is a strong decline in imports – and thus a strong improvement in the current account , which is why the risk premium continues to fall , despite
the political turmoil unleashed by the country ’ s inconclusive recent election . Therefore , since a fall in the value of the dollar raises import prices , and thus functions as a negative shock to the
supply side of the economy , the Fed will have to raise , not lower , interest rates , and sell , not buy , bonds . Now , however , it is an indication of how much things have changed . Which leaders will
teach the facts of life to the more extreme members of the Jewish diaspora in America ? Who among Israel s leaders ’ understands that reconciliation is more important that retribution and revenge ? Chile
s traditional left ’ , arguing that lithium is legally classified as a strategic resource , rules out any further private-sector involvement in its production . For most of modern history , relatively inexpensive
public health precautions , such as providing clean drinking water and routine vaccinations , have been the main factor pushing up life expectancy . This year s summit ’ , which will take place in Cartagena
, Colombia , in mid-April , has already generated controversy . Two traditional hot-button issues will dominate the discussions : Cuba and drugs . Cancer s Dangerous Mythology ’ The result has been increasing
conflict between pastoralists and farmers , and the migration of populations from the north to the south . Each failure , in fact , brings new complaints against the poor countries themselves . Palestinians
working in Israel are good for both sides , and better than the foreigners who come from distant lands and live an isolated life in Israel , solitary and under constant threat of expulsion . Only the US
can bring Israelis and Palestinians to a new negotiation process , much less draft a blueprint for a political solution . Economic growth rates reveal the same gap . So today 's entry barriers , particularly
in Europe , will produce ever-increasing waves of illegal immigration , with all the crime , corruption , and suffering that this implies . ( Money to be made from the illegal traffic in people , by some
estimates , already outstrips the profits of the illegal drug trade . ) Yet the region has failed to construct that firewall . Regardless of what the right explanation is , the history of recent recessions
suggests that we should not be surprised that the job recovery is taking time . “ Of course it ’ s legal , ” they said . Before the crisis , the IMF s best-known function lending ’ – to countries with balance-of-payment
problems – was becoming irrelevant . Europe ’ s Distant Mirror ? Instead , his address was a thoughtful review of the key issues involved in promoting happiness as a national policy . He then stayed at the
conference for the entire two and a half days , and made pertinent contributions to our discussions . It can be cause only for celebration that the world s largest developing economies ’ are regularly talking
to each other and establishing common initiatives . Indeed , Ahn Cheol-soo , a successful entrepreneur turned pro-reform professor at Seoul National University and the main backer of the city s new mayor
’ , has now rocked South Korean politics by dropping broad hints that he might become a presidential candidate . Ahn has already become a lightning rod for all of the country ’ s anti-Park and anti-President
Lee Myun-bak forces , attracting young people as well . Declining public school quality , downward pressure on funding for public higher education , and a failure of political will to make higher education
affordable for everyone has produced a growing education gap among those who can and cannot afford quality education . So while the economic case for greater private and public investment in education
is stronger than ever , most individuals can 't save enough to pay for it , and education - despite all the talk of politicians - is not the federal priority it should be . Even absent the crisis , countries
would have had to make politically painful adjustments to pension and health-care programs . But next time will be different . ” Such inducements are not hard to find : greater access to Europe 's common
market , more favorable visa regimes , job and immigration opportunities , access to capital , cultural contacts , and technical assistance . By contrast , Turkey ’ s large , secular intellectual community
, whose cultural background is European , and from which the Turkish state recruits most of its executives , has remained in Istanbul and Ankara . When it does – Pearl Harbor , September 2001 – all hell
breaks loose . Fortunately , those disastrous policies are being abandoned - too late and at too high a cost . The final misconception is that Hu might have demanded an explanation from Kim as to the causes
of the fatal sinking of a South Korean vessel in late March . Many will be similarly slow to accept that when it comes to the most conscience-shocking classes of violence genocide – , ethnic cleansing ,
and other mass atrocities dramatic progress – has been made recently . But that period is over . The benefits of information and communications technologies can be found in every area of human activity :
better farming using GPS and micro-dosing of fertilizers ; precision manufacturing ; buildings that know how to economize on energy use ; and , of course , the transformative , distance-erasing power of
the Internet . Ireland ’ s banks financed their rapid growth by borrowing from other European banks , so the health of Europe s financial system ’ has become entwined with the survival of these insolvent
banks . It is no surprise that the ECB is now Ireland ’ s largest creditor – through buying up its government bonds . By issuing preferred shares with warrants ( options ) , one reduces the public s downside
risk and ensures ’ that they participate in some of the upside potential . Nowadays , more and more problems are being redefined as “ disorders ” or “ illnesses , ” supposedly caused by genetic predispositions
and biochemical imbalances . So , too , the country s unique peace process ’ has rarely gained outside attention since the guns fell silent two years ago . Yet , amid too many continuing conflicts and failing
peace processes around the world , a success story deserves to be recognized and supported . More research is also needed to improve the nutritional quality of staple foods by fortifying them with iron
, vitamin A , and zinc to help solve widespread micronutrient deficiencies . We must also strengthen food safety from production to consumption , including improvements in our understanding of the interaction
between the food system and human health , particularly zoonotic diseases and the effects of pesticides . What other way forward is there for that unhappy former country ? Thousands of innocent civilians
have been killed , enraging millions around the world . According to Wells Dixon , a lawyer at the Center for Constitutional Rights who represents some of the detainees , the Obama administration cannot
risk calling the torture practices crimes , so it calls them “ classified sources and methods ” that cannot be revealed in court . “ I can t even tell ’ you about the way my clients were tortured or I
will be prosecuted , ” he says . The welfare state is the flip side of the open economy . But , at least until now , the world has paid almost no attention to war crimes and crimes against humanity comparable
in their savagery to any of these : the killing fields of Sri Lanka in 2009 . Current developments around the world are proving her right . There are enough instances of possible bias that the issue cannot
be ignored . As the Fed attempts to exit from so-called quantitative easing ( QE ) – its unprecedented policy of massive purchases of long-term assets – many high-flying emerging economies suddenly find
themselves in a vise . After all , democracy implies regarding individuals as equal and treating them as such , with every adult getting an equal vote , whereas free enterprise empowers individuals based
on how much economic value they create and how much property they own . Moreover , by implementing the Kyoto Protocol at a cost of $ 180 billion annually would keep two million people from going hungry
only by the end of the century . Yet by spending just $ 10 billion annually , the United Nations estimates that we could help 229 million hungry people today . But the remarkable underlying truth is that
each new government endorsed the direction of globalization and market reforms , so much so that the basic reform direction is now a national consensus of virtually every major party . After all , the financial
system did not collapse altogether , and the Obama administration made a conscious decision to revive banks with hidden subsidies rather than to recapitalize them on a compulsory basis . The Russian Academy
of Science , the most powerful body in Russian science , has opened itself to new blood , increasing the number of specialists by 20 % in recent years . As for Israel , it initially responded to the Arab
revolts in a confused way . The report s third case study ’ looks at what happens when we become complacent about a vital system . Whatever the value of such theories , it is evident that the frustration
of young people s ambitions ’ in modernizing countries makes them the object of preachers of hate and tempts them to leave the course of plodding progress and turn to more dramatic action . Indeed , in
becoming the first center-right leader in Sweden to win re-election in modern times , Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt not only ended the centre-left s electoral hegemony ’ in his country , but revealed
that the modern Scandinavian model of governance is relevant across Europe . But there is a positive alternative : a reformist path leading to the establishment of the rule of law , individual rights ,
a more robust civil society , and democratization across the Arab world . Clearly , the idea that those who emitted more in the past should get more emission rights for the future is unacceptable . In a
sense , the inevitable is coming to pass . Until a few years ago , Islamabad was a quiet , orderly , modern city no different from any other in Pakistan . Less than two years ago , Haiti was devastated
by a hurricane that caused about $ 220 million in damage to food crops – at a time when the population was also struggling to feed itself because of high world food prices . Communism , like the horizon
, was always just beyond reach . It would be interesting to know how many of those at Beijing s Central Party School ’ – the party s main educational institute ’ – believe that the Chinese state is about
to wither away , or ever will . The meeting in Heiligendamm can advance the commitments made at Gleneagles two years ago and bring the world closer to a more sustainable future . Nor is this an argument
against transformational leaders in US foreign policy . Franklin Roosevelt and Truman made crucial contributions . Disagreements about how to re-regulate the financial markets are deep , owing to countless
taboos and the huge interests at stake . The problem of high youth unemployment is certainly not confined to the developing world , however . In the United States , the overall unemployment rate is around
9 % , but among 18-25 year olds , it is a staggering 19 % . And it is in America ’ s public debt that the debris of its financial system ’ s broken promises are collected , just as Italy ’ s massive public
debt reflects its past national prodigality . While Japan s security treaty ’ with the US serves as a deterrent , there is always a danger of miscalculation . A halving of available water supplies could
turn these tensions into open hostilities . For all the authoritarian habits of de Gaulle or François Mitterand , Sarkozy s personalization ’ of the presidency is unprecedented in the history of the Fifth
Republic . Sarkozy makes little secret of his disdain for members of his own party , luring Socialists like Kouchner and Rama Yade , the junior minister for foreign affairs , into his cabinet , and naming
retired Socialist politicians like former Prime Minister Michel Rocard to head national commissions and represent France in international treaty negotiations . The exceptions often confirm the rule . To
the extent that these attitudes may have led to a political system in which small and medium-size firms find it difficult to flourish , they may have contributed to France ’ s problems . But the Pope added
: “ [ T ] here are many human needs which find no place on the market . ” In Pennsylvania , a 1998 inquiry into a supermax prison notorious for racist guards revealed videotapes of routine beatings and
elaborate rituals of humiliation . Europe s global influence ’ is feeble because of its internal quarrels and lack of unity , which render the European Union weak and limit its ability to act . Objectively
strong , subjectively infirm – that is how the EU s present condition ’ can be described . Many of the important steps taken to stabilize the global financial system and economy , as well as to address
the root causes of this crisis , will be achieved through the G-20 . Adolf Hitler liked to say that the ultimate cause of the Reichsmark s stability ’ was the concentration camp . Fortunately , we managed
to avoid economic collapse , thanks to support from the International Monetary Fund , while reducing the deficit by half . But the fullest possible information in executing trades is a necessary condition
: hence the imposition of pre-trade ( posting orders and prices ) and post-trade transparency for intermediaries trading on their own account with retail investors - a requirement that has been firmly
opposed by all the states where the relevant " internalizers " reside . In addition , many Sharon supporters , torn by what they saw as the plan 's combination of costs and benefits , stayed home or even
voted against it , but still want Sharon as their leader . Moreover , northwestern Kosovo is potentially an important mining area , and thus a source of employment and revenue that the government is understandably
loath to surrender . Financial markets did well through capital market liberalization . Where the concentrations of un-weathered oil components are highest , water-breathing organisms die . Cyber war , though
only incipient at this stage , is the most dramatic of the potential threats . What had been an offshore European island with bad weather emerged as the world s major economy ’ , whose products , from textiles
to railroad equipment , came to dominate world markets . England was a pioneer in industrialization , and was deeply shocked by the presumption of newcomers who soon entered the same stage . The Bush administration
's argument for not applying domestic law is that the prisoners are not American citizens and are not held on American territory . Radical new thinking is needed in fisheries management to overcome the
ecological and evolutionary problems generated by current practice . Football is an opportunity to experience the thrill of combat , without risking much more than a few broken bones . Prices in glamour
cities are likely to drop sharply the next time there is a serious recession , or if the local economy suffers a severe shock , or if interest rates rise too fast . Then , contagion within and across markets
can work in a downward direction , propelling prices lower for years . They have done this without constructing technocratic institutions like the 1930 s Reconstruction Finance Corporation ’ and the 1990
s RTC ’ , which played major roles in allowing earlier episodes of extraordinary government intervention into the industrial and financial guts of the economy to turn out relatively well , without an overwhelming
degree of corruption and rent seeking . As markets normalize , surely investors will look around and realize that the US has vastly increased its debt in fighting the downturn , possibly by several trillion
dollars . At the same time , today ’ s falling prices ( or “ deflation ) ” will eventually morph into inflation as aggressive monetary easing takes its toll on price stability . These protests have two
major causes . There is no single transition country that offers a guiding light for Egypt . The final moral issue is capitalism ’ s lack of a principle of justice . False information , such as counterfeit
goods , jeopardizes the competition-based selection process . But , in any meaningful sense , an economy in which most people ’ s incomes are below their pre-2008 levels is still in recession . They will
not negotiate a separate peace . They would like nothing better than for America and Europe to be at odds , rather than working together . What the Kremlin will care about is the looming choice of Chechnya
's president . The best and the brightest young Muslims go into applied science , while basic science languishes . The best and surest way to jump it is to have a clear vision of where you want to land . Learning
European languages is no longer popular in American schools , with the possible exception of Spanish . To some extent , Mandarin has become the new French , but with a major difference : The language of
Molière was a cultural tool , not ( or not entirely ) an instrument of economic success . This year , the Russian government will provide the Ministry of Defense almost 5 trillion rubles ( $ 189 billion
) under the 2007-2015 State Armaments Program . The percentage of the defense budget allocated to purchasing military equipment will rise from 44 % in 2006 to 50 % by 2011 . Parliament was not involved
. At the same time , increased educational opportunities for girls and women , and low-cost contraceptives provided by family-planning services , would empower them to marry later and have fewer children
. To be sure , we should support economic growth and development , but only in a broader context : one that promotes environmental sustainability and the values of compassion and honesty that are required
for social trust . Until Israel agrees to return to the 1967 borders with minor modifications , and to end its political control over millions of West Bank Arabs , unrest will continue . One is focused on
his own judicial and economic interests ( call this his ``personal reform'' program), much of which he has pursued and implemented ruthlessly. Because the social conditions of the French model “ ” have
been so neglected , the model is now a living contradiction of its core principle : equality . Likewise , movie stars often fall victim to alcohol , drugs , and breakdowns , but at least they have chosen
the lives they live . They fear , rightly , that sooner or later everyone else will begin demanding that the budget deficit be closed in part by raising taxes on the rich . After all , the rich are living
better than ever , while the rest of American society is suffering . The second option is to pay wage subsidies instead of wage replacement incomes to allow for the wage dispersion necessary for full employment
without letting the incomes of the unskilled fall . How to End the Greek Tragedy So far , Europe ’ s fragile economic recovery has been based largely on exports . The Islamic Development Bank , representing
the 57 members of the Organization of Islamic Cooperation , is also showing leadership . A New Agenda for China s New Leaders ’ ? Nominal bonds are not well hedged against inflation , and , over the long
run , assets that are claims to cash without effective control are highly vulnerable to financial vultures . Rio + 20 is a moment for sharing knowledge and experience concerning successful transitions to
greener and more resource-efficient economies . It is an opportunity to begin developing the capacity at all levels to transform our economies into engines of growth and jobs that do not deplete our resources
or create new liabilities that will be a drag on growth and human health for years to come . Transparency.com The next US president needs to provide a clearer understanding of how he or she will prepare
America for a twenty-first century in which local issues are tied to global developments , global trends can have local implications , and America ’ s international authority will confront Asia s newfound
clout ’ . The market allows the law of large numbers to work , whereas concentrated government support for a few favored firms undermines it . But the real case for holding it , then as now , was never a
speculative one . While economic growth is critical for poverty reduction , reviving growth in lagging regions will take time . But was not the same incomprehension on the part of the broad public characteristic
of the increasingly sophisticated financial products that were being traded ? Indeed , the nature of the risks involved was not clear , it seems , even to regulators or the senior management of the firms
that were building the business . If they do nothing and simply hold onto the dollars , their losses will only increase . How much longer can we ignore the fact that , in raising the bogeyman of “ Chechen
terrorism , ” the Russian government is suppressing the liberties gained when the Soviet empire collapsed ? In Argentina , as in many Latin American countries , presidents have so much power that other
governmental institutions ’ authority fades , eradicating the boundaries between the executive and the state . If the only limits on Cristina are her own , Argentina will not weather the coming storm well
. By failing to act in a timely fashion , central banks have allowed a dangerous erosion of confidence and wealth , which is creating pushing “ on a string conditions ” . Instead , Hatoyama has simply stressed
Japan ’ s need to be on an equal footing in alliance management with the US . The same goes for the legendary Che . No teenager in rebellion against the world or his parents seems able to resist Che s alluring
image ’ . Public-sector employment in Kenya is notoriously opaque . Now , they are failing to understand the financial significance of the Big Three . It is , according to the pundits , Romney ’ s last chance
. If wars are fought on moral or religious grounds , no basis for restraint exists . Gul s wife ’ ’ s headscarf was interpreted as the symbol of darker changes to come . Other governments and intergovernmental
bodies have not filled the gap left by the US . The new UN Human Rights Council has so far disappointed those who hoped that it would be a more principled and effective body than its discredited predecessor
, the UN Human Rights Commission . The AKP had to change its name and , for a time , Erdogan had to foreswear the premiership . Before the 2012 Games , the Financial Times combined four economic models to
produce the following consensus prediction “ ” of gold medals ( the actual results are in brackets ) : 1 . United States , 39 ( 46 ) ; 2 . Rendezvous with Africa on Climate This leaves them economically
vulnerable when divorce or widowhood strikes . On a societal level , genetic engineering that only the wealthy can afford would threaten social cohesion by ruling out equality of opportunity . Similar tendencies
appeared in the Netherlands , which was once committed to multiculturalism , but more recently has sought to confront would-be citizens with images of men kissing and of bare-breasted women emerging from
the North Sea – presumably all to get across the point that a true Dutch citizen had better be tolerant . Aid flows were tiny . Unfortunately , another lesson of the financial crisis is that most politicians
are congenitally incapable of making difficult choices until risks actually materialize . The computer was also an organizer . Indeed , most countries entering middle-income transitions see their growth
slow , even stall . Meanwhile , just as they have with Facebook , users will become more familiar with the idea of setting their own privacy preferences and managing their own data . Recent rebellions worldwide
show that some citizens recognize that they are being offered false choices , often no more meaningful than the choice between brands of toothpaste . Social networking has given them new tools of protest
to topple governments , but what is also needed are new ways to make government operate effectively and accountably . What went wrong in the US ? A key problem with Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , for instance
, was that their regulator failed to do its job of uncovering the massive accounting fraud embedded in their books . In April 2010 , the International Monetary Fund s World Economic Outlook ’ projected
1.8 % annual GDP growth in Germany and the Netherlands in 2013 . This could be a grave mistake . Wall Street might have survived , and US taxpayers might have been spared even larger bills . Again , the researchers
had interviewers administer what resembled a typical survey of a random sample of households . Appropriately , at the end of the article in The Lancet , the authors discuss issues that may have resulted
in a sample that in fact did not meet the random threshold “ ” . It remains to be seen whether Obama s inclusion ’ of institutional renewal in his inaugural address marks a turning point in America s approach
’ to multilateralism . In the end , we might end up with four more years of American resistance to binding international mechanisms . Ban should support the creation of an international facility that would
provide governments access to ( but not physical control of ) enriched uranium and plutonium for the generation of electrical power . Such an innovation would help stem the spread of nuclear materials
and weapons , while also contributing to a shift away from use of oil and gas , thereby reducing global warming in the process . Journalism s essential role ’ in a democracy is to enable people to fulfill
their roles as citizens by providing information about government , other powerful institutions , civil movements , international events , and so on . But News Corporation replaces such journalism with
titillation and gossip , as it did when it took over the 168-year-old News of the World and turned it into a tabloid in 1984 , and with partisan campaigns , as it did when it created Fox News in 1996 . Given
that the IMF s Articles ’ of Agreement stipulate that there can be only 20 board members , this means that 40 % of all the IMF s executive directors ’ from the EU , with one-third coming from the eurozone
. Libyans understand that the NTC needs time to build a new country on the ruins of the one that Qaddafi destroyed . Against this must be set large-scale deterioration in the economic situation of all Kosovars
, Albanian and Serbian ( 44 % unemployment ) , widespread criminalization , and the fact that under NATO rule , Kosovo was ethnically cleansed of half its Serb minority . Moreover , roughly 40 % of the
increase in bank credit in 2009 accommodated the fiscal expansion , as projects were started prior to the budget allocations needed to finance them . This time , the free-trade consensus evaporated – even
more rapidly than I had anticipated . Booming trade in the region has failed to mute or moderate territorial and other disputes ; on the contrary , it has only sharpened regional geopolitics and unleashed
high-stakes brinkmanship . This is one reason why China has a Taiwan problem “ . ” Fortunately for the US , the Taliban is no longer a homogeneous group . But the evictions took place in 2001 , and the villagers
are still living in extreme poverty . The third phase began immediately after the 1969 Sino-Soviet military clashes , with the US actively seeking to exploit the rift in the Communist world by aligning
China with its anti-Soviet strategy . Moreover , Congress will resist rolling back any of the long-standing economic sanctions against Cuba . The irony – again lost on Romney – is that other countries are
accusing the US of currency manipulation . This is a key development . That American troops are being withdrawn from Korea and sent to Iraq is both unfortunate and revealing . But it is not the only reason
Indians are greeting Musharraf s exit ’ with mixed feelings . But Chinese FDI , especially in sensitive sectors like energy , does often trigger Congressional hearings , ad hoc resolutions , and calls for
tougher CFIUS action . As a result of high-profile Congressional opposition , China ’ s state-owned energy company CNOOC withdrew its bid for Unocal , an American energy company , in 2005 , before a CFIUS
review that most likely would have cleared the deal on national-security grounds . On June 1 , Dr. Jiang Yanyong , a surgeon at Beijing 301 Military Hospital , and his wife , Dr. Hua Zhongwei , both seventy-two
years old , left home to pick up a visa at the American Embassy . They have not been heard from since . And it should be remembered that Latin America ’ s most recent electoral fraudsters Manuel Noriega
– of Panama in 1989 and Alberto Fujimori in Peru in 2000 – were evicted from power before finishing their terms in office . For many nations , that will require developing institutions capable of conducting
adequate planning , monitoring , and evaluation . This would strengthen the EU Council s common position ’ , which already defines general rules for the control of exports of military technology and equipment
. There are those who argue that these are sensitive and complicated issues beyond most voters understanding ’ , and that more democracy would result in either populism or embarrassingly widespread abstentions
. Others believe the EU cannot continue being run along the same lines as in Beijing or even Pyongyang . It ’ s an issue that will confront any new team chosen by the old methods . Capital began to flee
the country , which may not have mattered had the world economy not tanked in September . But tank it did , taking Russia s economy ’ with it . By contrast , the Fed doesn ’ t have to recognize the loss
; while free-market advocates might talk about the virtues of market pricing and price discovery “ , ” the Fed can pretend that nothing has happened . George Orwell graphically described it in The Road
to Wigan Pier . The Commission calls on each potential recipient country to establish national-level commissions to set long-term health priorities and strategies worthy of donor backing . And then they
collapsed , causing enormous damage to the government s own solvency ’ . In search of a more balanced society that combines economic prosperity , social cohesion , and environmental sustainability , Bhutan
famously pursues Gross National Happiness rather than Gross National Product . Underlying the failure in Copenhagen are some deep problems . Most Chinese might not have known about the walkout if it hadn
t been ’ for Chinese bloggers . During the boom , US consumption rose to more than 70 % of GDP . The party then hemorrhaged influential members , particularly in the north . So is it true , as many defenders
of Israel claim , that the Jewish state is judged by different standards from other countries ? When we gave adult canaries the tagged DNA building block and then looked for tagged neurons that would have
been born one or two days earlier , we found none . But if we waited longer – for example , 1-3 weeks , depending on part of brain – we found quite a few tagged neurons . This has slowly begun to change
. Thomas Jefferson compared knowledge to candles : when one is used to light another , it does not diminish the light of the first . On the contrary , everything becomes brighter . The first school of thought
, broadly that of the United States Republican Party ’ , was that financial regulation was bad because all regulation was bad . The second , broadly that of the Democratic Party , was somewhat more complicated
, and was based on four observations : Power cuts and public-service strikes are a regular feature of daily life . America must instead mobilize international coalitions to address these shared threats and
challenges . How will communications infrastructure be rebuilt ? Rapidly growing populations are also young populations , because of the high number of children per household . They have not been heard from
since . Second , opponents eventually blocked his proposal for a national central bank . Leaders themselves need the nerve to take often precarious parliamentary majorities through the troughs of popularity
. Nonetheless , I understand the impulse to limit punishment in order that society heal and rebuild . But India s quest ’ for energy in West Africa is not a core component of the government s energy policy
’ ; rather , it is part of its effort to diversify energy sources by offering infrastructure investments , in addition to cash bonus payments when contracts are signed . Alas , none of this has come to
pass . He is one of five former senior Khmer Rouge leaders who will be made to answer for their roles during Pol Pot s genocide ’ , in which an estimated 1.7 million Cambodians perished . The Murdoch family
holds only 12 % of the shares of News Corporation , the top-level holding company , but it wields about two-fifths of the voting rights ; other votes are held by a loyal Saudi prince . These are just a
few examples of the vast misuse of the country s resources ’ , owing to the marked preference of Senegal s ’ elite to use import licenses to build up their own fortunes rather than develop import-substitution
industries . As a result , Senegal , a cosmopolitan country , is missing out on Africa s best opportunity ’ for growth since de-colonization . Since coming to power , the current Ahmedinejad regime has
awarded IRGC-affiliated companies billions in no-bid contracts , increasing the already great perception among the Iranian public of its corruption . Moreover , a Tobin tax moves financial traders talented
people – with strong work habits – into other activities , which ( policymakers hope ) will benefit the economy more . But all of them look as if their governments have cheated on fundamental articles of
the democratic contract . Whereas pre-1980 monetary policy tacitly aimed at putting a floor under labor markets to preserve employment and wages , it now tacitly puts a floor under asset prices . They expected
tax cuts to be followed by a fangs-bared attack on social-welfare spending once deficits reemerged . No amount of American intervention will turn the tide against bigotry and ignorance . Conspicuously ,
al-Qaeda is happy with Saudi power in the oil markets . Traditional debates about tax fairness address an illusory issue , and draw attention away from the true moral importance of taxes : that justice
in taxation is inseparable from the justice of the overall economic and social system whose existence taxation supports . Partial hydrogenation , which converts vegetable oils into semi-solid fats for use
in margarines , commercial cooking , and manufacturing processes , converts approximately 30 % of the natural fats to trans fats . Germany ’ s finance minister , Wolfgang Schäuble , has suggested that Europe
needs to move to full fiscal union . Of course , any number of things can go wrong . Erdoğan envisions putting the constitutional changes and the terms of peace to a national referendum , a linkage that
would transform Turkish politics . The problem of the link between national identity and cultural pluralism is now surfacing in nearly the same way in the United Kingdom , Holland , and Denmark countries
– that , contrary to France , long ago chose a policy of multiculturalism . Indeed , one can relate popular hostility toward nuclear energy to Germany ’ s traditional romantic cult of nature , not to science
. None of this suggests that Iranian intentions can be taken on trust . Nor have they shrunk from constitutional tinkering in order to lock in their power . The political community of the 1950 s ’ that France
had persuaded its five European partners to accept was supposed to absorb both the European Coal and Steel Community and the EDC . It was to have both diplomatic and military powers , as well as a legislative
assembly much like today ’ s European Parliament – just as the 2005 EU constitutional plan would have extended the European Parliament ’ s powers and created a European minister of foreign affairs . The
US , indeed , should be prepared to eventually give such guarantees if it wants Iran to stop the more suspicious parts of its nuclear program . Deripaska has acquired a monopoly of Russia 's aluminum and
bus production . But it contained coding errors discovered by a University of Massachusetts graduate student . Though the Chávez revolution has made progress against poverty and inequality , it is hardly
sustainable and reeks of patronage . The second condition that must be satisfied before elections can be credible is security . When I worked on messaging for Al Gore s 2000 presidential campaign ’ , I often
argued with white , older , affluent , male advisers who cared intensely about what was said in the elite media but ignored the popular venues to which most Americans pay attention . Backed by an enraged
public , the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department ( MPD ) recently searched some 30 sites , including a raid on a major Sumo stable “ , ” or training center . The move was made in an effort to seize material
evidence about the nexus between Sumo wrestling and the Yakuza “ , ” Japan ’ s Mafia-like organized-crime groups that date from the seventeenth century . Of course , the millions of personal bankruptcies
and home foreclosures in the US are not popular , but they provide debt relief each time , thereby enabling households to make a fresh start . Officially , renationalization is anathema . Inevitably , this
had deleterious consequences on its practical behavior . The latest ZEW survey of euro-zone business confidence buttresses these fears . It shows that current conditions are good , but that expectations
about future conditions have dropped off significantly . Meanwhile , direct taxation of corporations and individuals has tended to decline – despite the moot claim that lower direct taxation ensures investment
and growth . Christianity , feudalism , the Renaissance , the Enlightenment , democracy , and industrialization have made us what we Europeans are , but they have not made Turks who they are . So I am not
convinced that reforms in Turkey implemented at the insistence of the European Commission would continue after accession . Yet Japan , still suffering from two decades of economic malaise , has somehow
managed to remain actively engaged not – because of its strategic interests , but in order to meet a genuine moral imperative , namely that those who are better off should help those in need . Continued
fiscal expansion is certainly not the answer , as it ultimately damages both private spending and business investment . But there are reforms that can facilitate economic adjustment , and thus ease social
pain by countering the growth in long-term unemployment . One model is the European Investment Bank , which , with € 50 billion of capital , has been able to invest € 400 billion . The financial system has
yet to address adequately the challenges of financial inclusivity , particularly funding of SMEs and rural areas , and exposure to excess capacity in selected industries . Although Colombia s government
’ announced a few weeks ago a strategy based on important infrastructure work , its impact will be limited : most of the investment was already in the budget last year , and the officials in charge of
public works have consistently demonstrated inefficiency when executing large-scale projects . But the French and British , who urged that course in Libya , have made no such proposal for Syria . Yet today
most economists model unemployment as “ voluntary a rational preference ” – for leisure rather than work . This reinforces the idea that “ stimulus ” cannot do any good , since workers have as much employment
as they want . If disease trends are monitored , along with patients responses ’ to treatment and the population s exposure ’ to risk factors , the success or failure of policies designed to prevent or
control chronic diseases can be evaluated , resource allocation can be rationally prioritized , and the public can be kept fully informed of the risks that they face . But , in the longer term , the slow
, steady progress of democratization can provide a sense of hope for moderates , creating a plausible vision of a better future the essence – of soft power – that undercuts the message of hate and violence
promoted by the extremists . Democratization can surely help remove some of the sources of rage that fuel terrorism , but it is only part of the solution . But since 1998 , there has been a procedure within
the Treaties - called enhanced co operation ‑ - that could allow some members to go ahead with further integration in a specific area without involving every other member . That such an approach would have
to include a total halt to Israeli settlement activities goes without saying . Fourth , share innovative and successful experiences in the development and application of science and technology . These diseases
often lack effective preventative or curative vaccines or medicines , or the treatments that are available are too costly for the impoverished populations . “ Why should he ? ” said the secretary . And microfinance
institutions can help finance small enterprises . From the moment of victory , he will have scant time to put together a pact with the principal political forces that can sustain him . Soon after the crisis
erupted , the G-20 countries embraced massive stimulus packages , unconventional monetary policies in the advanced economies , and major institutional efforts , such as the Dodd-Frank financial-reform
legislation in the United States and the Basel III initiative to strengthen banking standards . It is fragile , unbalanced , and limited . In this election , as in previous ones , votes will be cast on electronic
voting machines invented in India , which combine the virtues of simplicity , reliability , and ruggedness . In late 2007 , when GDP growth hit 13 % , the government adopted more restrictive anti-bubble
policies in industries ( steel , for example ) and asset markets ( real estate ) , which set the stage for an early correction . Similar motives dictate reserve accumulation in other emerging markets . LONDON
Ten years – after 9 / 11 , the instant history is being written . What will the president decide ? Just recently Le Monde had the wonderful headline : “ [ President ] Hollande Defends French Foie Gras against
Anglo-Saxon lobbies ” ( the reference was to California s ’ ban on foie gras under its animal-cruelty laws ) . This left them free to build their own versions of national capitalism , as long as they obeyed
a few simple international rules . NEW YORK – Why do Europeans adore America ’ s president-elect , Barack Obama ? No one has a greater interest in broad acceptance of this noxious idea – that promotion of
human freedom is nothing more than a geopolitical tool – than the world s largest ’ , oldest , and most powerful autocracy , China . But the US has done a great deal in terms of adopting tax cuts that boost
consumption relative to income and lower government revenue relative to expenditure . The onus is on rich-country governments to support this big push into clean energy in the developing world , as it was
their carbon-fueled economic prosperity that has brought us to the brink of a climate catastrophe . One lesson of the 1989 revolution in Eastern Europe is the value of having truly democratic-minded figures
lead the escape from communism . Poland had Lech Walesa ; Czechoslovakia Václav Havel . “ China , please slow down . At first glance , monetizing an abundant natural resource ( solar energy ) to strengthen
the national accounts sounds like a straightforward idea , particular given that electricity in central and northern Europe is becoming more scarce and expensive , owing to Germany ’ s decision earlier
this year to phase out nuclear power . But has Schäuble really found a magic bullet to hold down German electricity prices while restoring economic growth to Greece ? Then there are the alarming human-rights
violations . As Asian and African markets open up , similar social changes may follow as alcohol and tobacco advertisers seek new customers . We need to act now to bring gender justice to global health
. His careless Palestine policy has left Israel with few friends in the international community , let alone in the Arab Middle East . For example , China ’ s expanding naval role and maritime claims threaten
to collide with US interests , including America s traditional emphasis ’ on freedom of the seas . * Article Six of the Treaty describes these common values : " principles … of liberty , democracy , respect
for human rights and fundamental freedoms , and the rule of law " … Questions about the change in practice have reached US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton – who admitted that she herself would resist
a sexual pat-down – and President Barack Obama . The divisions are not among his advisers , but within his own mind . By the end of the century , the United Nations expects the average person to be 1,400
% richer than today . " The duty we owe to history is to rewrite it , " said Oscar Wilde . Nowadays , India accounts for less than 5 % of Pakistan s total trade turnover ’ . Gone , for the most part , are
the colorful rogues and public-spirited idealists who used to liven up parliamentary politics . Like bureaucrats , professional politicians have mastered the art of saying nothing interesting in public
. With no political overlord to settle or adjudicate bureaucratic disputes , decisions could be made only by " consensus , " which was mostly a euphemism for paralysis . One part of me resists that : good
health should be something that people do for themselves . But the realist in me knows otherwise about what can help good behavior spread . The Commission , for example , is particularly opposed to the
Irish policy of reducing indirect taxes rather than social contributions , because the latter are supposedly more inflationary . In fact , the demand for a settlement freeze is nothing more than a call
to arms to a wide group of Israelis and their supporters to go and build on stolen Palestinian land . Most critically , it must be a plan owned by the countries themselves and based on an approach that
recognizes the critical roles of an enabling state and a catalytic financial sector . The ongoing socio-political transition , underpinned by widespread public recognition of the need for change , provides
a historic opportunity to embark on growth-enhancing reforms . The European Central Bank has been more thoughtful , though no less enthusiastic , arguing that a banking union should have three objectives
. First , stronger eurozone-wide supervision should reinforce financial integration , “ mitigate macroeconomic imbalances , ” and improve the conduct of monetary policy . But we are light years away from
a new Cold War . Historically , the Fed has typically been slow to respond to inflation . Beneath the Arab political revolutions lies a deeper and longer process of radical change that is sometimes called
the information revolution . We cannot yet fully grasp its implications , but it is fundamentally transforming the nature of power in the twenty-first century , in which all states exist in an environment
that even the most powerful authorities cannot control as they did in the past . She is finding out that the old ways of doing business treaties – , ambassadors , démarches , alliances , and the rest –
may be useful after all . Any country can leave the EU , and thus the eurozone , when the perceived burden of its obligations becomes too onerous . It just costs more than we have been willing to spend . But
this approach would still consume too much of the CO2 budget . Even the most modern and advanced conventional coal-fired power plants emit over 15 times more CO2 per unit of electricity than renewable
energy systems , and more than twice the amount of efficient gas-fired power stations . So my guess is that we would be well-advised to put our money on the theory that our central bankers today are more
skilled , more far-sighted , and less prone to either short-sightedly jerking themselves around or being jerked around by political masters who unpredictably change the objectives they are supposed to
pursue year after year . With 70 % or so of people in developing countries depending directly or indirectly on agriculture , they are the losers under the current regime . But government spending on goods
and services , like education , highways , police , and sanitation , has distributional consequences , too , and can be allocated to actual beneficiaries in much the same way as government transfers . Many
African governments at the Shanghai meeting declared their intention to act boldly , by investing in infrastructure , agricultural modernization , public health , and education . This official effort to
portray native Taiwanese “ ” as a separate ethnic group , with scant relation to Chinese culture , was extended to language , as Chen favored using the Fujian dialect in lieu of the Mandarin spoken by
1.3 billion Chinese and taught all over the world . The developing world understandably does not want to sacrifice its growth for a global public good , especially when the United States , the richest country
in the world , seems unwilling to sacrifice even a little of its luxurious life style . Iraqiya , which I lead , was the largest electoral bloc to emerge from that vote . When Americans finally decide to
go on an import diet , as they will someday , the world s hypocrisy ’ over the failed global trade talks will become apparent to all . Today , after the largest credit expansion in history , that point
has clearly been reached . Impassive capital now ignores deceptive market signals , and the liquidation of untenable mal-investment percolates through the system as immutable time preferences prevail . Trade
imbalances are the result , for instance , of household decisions about how much to save and how much – and what to consume – . It must be resisted as fiercely as the Christian crusaders of yore . There
is no better place to begin than with countries refusing to join the UNEP Convention or kowtow to its ban on DDT use . The constant ability of Africa 's leaders to betray their people is the root cause
of Africa 's current misery . Was Morsi s ’ ouster a classic counterrevolution in the guise of a military coup ? More recently , the European Parliament earlier this month approved ambitious new transparency
rules for the extractive industry ( including the forestry sector ) . Twenty years later , there has been significant progress in enrolling children in school and expanding access to secondary school and
universities . Europe has already said that it would recognize such a unilateral declaration . That partnership has five components : wider opportunities for education in order to produce a workforce with
cutting-edge skills ; investment in infrastructure roads – , power plants , and ports – that supports commerce ; funds for research and development to expand the frontiers of knowledge in ways that generate
new products ; an immigration policy that attracts and retains talented people from beyond America s borders ’ ; and business regulations strong enough to prevent disasters such as the near-meltdown of
the financial system in 2008 but not so stringent as to stifle the risk-taking and innovation that produce growth . Some parts of the tradable sector ( finance , insurance , and computer systems design
) grew in value added and employment , while others ( electronics and cars ) grew in value added but declined in employment , as lower value-added jobs moved offshore . The net effect was negligible employment
growth in the tradable sector . In order to study it , it has been decided to build the International Fusion Materials Irradiation Facility ( IFMIF ) in Japan . Some scientists have argued that the neutron
irradiation in IFMIF won ’ t be the same as in fusion reactors , but it should be noted that its cost , at one billion euros , will be one-tenth that of ITER . The Web site of its Ministry of Economy and
Trade does not even mention such a plan ( but does quote the Arab League s anti-Israel Central Boycott Office ’ ) . PRAGUE – I am surprised at how so many people nowadays in Europe , the United States ,
and elsewhere have come to support policies underpinned by hysteria over global warming , particularly cap-and-trade legislation to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and subsidies for “ green energy sources
” . By contrast , the benefits of public investments are slower to be felt , and their beneficiaries are more diffuse . The left remains in disarray , caught between its internal feuds and the rise of anti-capitalist
extremism at its margins . The action , purportedly undertaken to reduce the prospect of landings and demonstrations by Japanese right-wingers , set off a brief , though frenzied , reaction in China , as
well as in Hong Kong and Taiwan . Incremental measures will only distract us from the scope of the challenges that we confront . This should not , of course , be taken to mean that the patriots gushing over
Lugovoi s achievement ’ concede the justice of the British allegations . The social awareness of Homo Putinicus , meticulously burnished by television propagandists , is such that pride in Lugovoi s achievement
and indignation ’ at the infamous campaign unleashed against him by those who hate Russia can jangle within the breast of ordinary Russians without the slightest dissonance . · and establishing strategies
and funding to support the research needed to meet these challenges . In Zambia , for example , Sylva Banda ignited a craze for authentic traditional meals two decades ago with a chain of popular restaurants
. Now , ordinary Lusakans want to cook similar meals in their own homes , driving demand for farmers who produce such delicacies as dried pumpkin , “ black jack leaves ” , and fresh Okra . The outcome of
any public discussion can never be known with certainty , but chances are that it will amplify stories that imply risks of higher oil prices . Experts may say that short-run supply factors caused the recent
price increases , but the price increases will nonetheless lend credibility to scarier long-term stories . It is the last group that is decisive : when senior military and security personnel abandon an
authoritarian regime in the face of popular pressure , its days are numbered . To minimize this risk , casks should be developed that can easily be transferred to a secure interim storage facility while
permanent repositories receive approval . When I started teaching International Relations in Natolin in 2002 , all the college s students ’ were infused with the hopes stemming from the EU s enlargement
’ to Eastern Europe . They prepared for inclusion of eight former Communist countries ( as well Cyprus and Malta ) with almost quasi-religious fervor . This pooling function would be particularly important
in cases where there are different grades or varieties of the product ( as with oil or coffee ) , and where prices can diverge enough to make an important difference to the exporters . Of course , it could
simply have been the weather ; a gorgeous summer has finally settled in after a miserable spring . MELBOURNE Something new – is happening at Harvard Business School . As graduation nears for the first class
to complete their Master of Business Administration since the onset of the global financial crisis , students are circulating an oath that commits them to pursue their work “ in an ethical manner ” ; “
to strive to create sustainable economic , social , and environmental prosperity worldwide ; ” and to manage their enterprises “ in good faith , guarding against decisions and behavior that advance my
own narrow ambitions but harm the enterprise and the societies it serves . ” Romney offers few specifics , but simple arithmetic shows that his plan would require even deeper cuts in these programs than
Ryan s plan ’ would . The starting point of the contagion was investors realization ’ that Europe s rescue fund ’ , the European Financial Stability Facility , was designed to provide emergency financial
support only to the peripheral countries . Providing funding in 93 countries , UNITAID today finances drugs for three-quarters of the children around the world who receive anti-retrovirals . This would enable
central banks to hold instruments that behave like a widely diversified global equity portfolio . Missile defenses could be expanded ; the United States could extend security guarantees so that Iran would
understand that the threat or use of nuclear weapons would be met with a decisive American response . Don t look ’ to central banks ; most are likely to manage the near-term risks to inflation and growth
reasonably well . But , even in this uniquely protected environment , Europe is no longer the cause that it once was . Students tend to group themselves by nationalities more than they did in the past ,
as if they want familiar reassurances against the uncertainties of the present and the future . President Nicolas Sarkozy and other French politicians are no doubt unhappy that the recent European summit
failed to advance the cause of further EU political integration . As a result , Egypt ’ s financing must continue to grow : the country now needs to borrow about $ 14-15 billion to plug its estimated financing
gap of $ 24 billion . In any case , trade agreements , however beneficial , can do little to defuse Asia s sovereignty disputes ’ , and it is here – the greatest current source of regional tensions – that
a shared common enterprise is not only possible , but also necessary if peace is to be preserved . After all , no government in the region – whether a democracy like Japan , South Korea , Taiwan , and
the Philippines , a one-party state like China and Vietnam , or a tiny monarchy like Brunei – can acquiesce on such issues and hope to survive . The result is a citizenry that is less likely to interpret
events , even attacks , in simplistic and often counter-productive us-versus-them terms . The immense growth of the welfare state and soaring public deficits and debt have become the major source of systemic
economic risk at both the national and global level . But , as in wartime , one hopes these effects are temporary . Likewise , US perceptions of France and of Europe are only slowly improving . The Dartmouth
researchers found that , of the estimated 138,000 breast cancers detected annually in the US , the test did not help 120,000-134,000 of the afflicted women . In recent years , however , as the political
battle shifted to the deteriorating economy , the public accepted more direct anti-Tudjman critiques , allowing parliamentary opposition to follow . Cardinal Wojtyla s election ’ as Pope therefore had a
significance far beyond the confines of the Church . Actually he himself did not like the identification of his church with civil society . Sound enforcement implies legal tools and resources to pursue
and implement an economic policy , along with an institutional design that reduces meddling by vested interests . Consider , for example , the importance of impartial and effective antitrust authorities
, or subsidy schemes that are sufficiently well designed to ensure that they truly serve the public interest . Europe ’ s Iranian Dreamworld That , however , is an approach which puts physicians and public-health
personnel in the position of border guards . But , of course , a large population is not always a recipe for success . But the urban poor , faced with bad housing , limited infrastructure , and meager services
, are vulnerable to epidemics , malnutrition-based childhood diseases , HIV / AIDS , malaria , tuberculosis , and mental disorders . They are also likely to be hardest hit by natural disasters , such as
the floods and mudslides that devastated parts of Rio de Janeiro in January . The result is a trap in which poverty causes bad governance and bad governance causes poverty a two-way spiral downward – that
can lead to such extreme deprivation that the government , lacking computers , telephones , information systems , and trained civil servants , couldn t function ’ honestly even if it wanted to . The end
result can be collapse into a kind of anarchy , as in Liberia , Sierra Leone , and Somalia . Some manufacturing is migrating inland , where wages and land prices are still relatively low , and some export
operations are shifting to countries like Vietnam , where they are lower still . To adapt the Chinese proverb , we want help to learn how to fish , rather than to be given fish for food . Europe thus will
lose a crucial opportunity to transform its own status from the widely resented source of global financial troubles to a powerful force for peace . India s Patently Wise Decision ’ Start with the American
consumer , who consumes everything on earth ( helping the United States eat up 25 % of world oil production ) but saves essentially nothing . ( It is worth noting that this is not solely a Chinese phenomenon
; all major emerging-market economies are faced with the same fate . ) In addition , tax systems and social-welfare programs in many countries are designed in ways that discourage women from working . For
the past seven years , America ’ s unbridled spending filled the gap . PRINCETON – As the United States and Russia try to broker a conference that can bring the various sides in the Syrian conflict to the
negotiating table , potential Western participants , at least , should be thinking about the larger implications of the Syrian conflict for dictators and democracies around the world . Many say that if
national affiliation is pushed into the background too fast in favor of an unfamiliar , perhaps chimerical , concept of European affiliation , it might not end well . As a result , they were left holding
the bag . Moreover , an international action plan for sharks , including a ceiling on catches , should be created . And proper fishing methods that catch only target species should be used , with others
caught accidentally as so-called by-catch returned to the sea alive . A vibrant rural sector generates local demand for locally produced goods and services . In turn , this can spur sustainable non-farm
employment growth in services , agro-processing , and small-scale manufacturing . The basic idea is that , when comparing incomes across countries , variations in purchasing power should be taken into account
. Work within the ARF and EAS frameworks is already aligned with this concept , and Japan is pursuing its own trilateral dialogues with China and the Republic of Korea , as well as with the US and Australia
. Somalia , Côte d Ivoire ’ , and even Nigeria may also give birth to new states . With the EU-15 comprising around 80 % of all EU GHG emissions , these countries should be the ones taking a leading role
in EU climate change policy . It is past time that they step up their efforts . Regime delegitimation has become a leading function of the new permanent International Criminal Court . Part of the blame also
lies with bad market timing . Many Europeans bought into the US stock market at its peak in 1999 and 2000 , only to find themselves selling at steep discounts after the collapse of 2001 . Unfortunately
, there is growing evidence that the medicine on which European countries have agreed – austerity – is killing the patient . At the same time , the management of reserve assets by an internationally controlled
asset manager would remove suspicions and doubts about the use of assets for strategic political purposes . Will the US Lose Latin America “ ” ? Between them , European and American rules can require many
resource-extraction companies to be transparent , but there remain many companies that come under other jurisdictions . Russian democracy , born in 1991 , may be nearing its expiration date . The transition
in my country , Slovakia B and , indeed , across Central and Eastern Europe B has turned out to be a more complicated , complex , and longer process than originally expected . Tough regulatory enforcement
need to continue . In transatlantic relations , nothing is potentially more divisive than the issue of Israel s security ’ . Even with the tradable sector suffering due to the strong yen , capital-market
liberalization meant that the capitalized value of future income streams , particularly from land , soared , as the interest rate at which they were discounted fell . Eggs contaminated that year with melamine
caused kidney stones and renal failure in children . Indeed , greater competitive pressure may increase the fragility of banks balance sheets ’ and make investors more prone to panics . In case of a worldwide
economic event , such as the recent crisis , this can mean pulling out of foreign markets when they are most vulnerable . While the emerging economies global role ’ will inevitably grow in the coming years
, this shift will need to be anchored in a cooperative partnership with the developed world . The power of the KGB was simply replaced by the power of corrupt private oligarchs and an even more morally
bankrupt state apparatus . And how that future is shaped will determine whether or not Mubarak s end ’ marks the beginning of political transformation throughout the Middle East . If they do , they are punished
and , if they relapse , excluded from play . Mistakes were made but they have been or are being corrected . But for diplomats and historians , understanding the concept of ripeness is central to their jobs
: it refers to how ready a negotiation or conflict is to be resolved . This is notably the case in economic terms . Adam Smith may have been right that “ the propensity to truck , barter , and exchange ”
is innate to humans , but a panoply of non-market institutions is needed to realize this propensity . So the central issue in Islam has not been whether the state can be separated from religion , but whether
society can be so separated . Dismissing complaints , Zuma insists , “ There ’ s no cloud around me . ” His defenders , meanwhile , point to two benefits that he has already delivered : an end to Mbeki
s ’ ambivalent approach to fighting HIV / AIDS , the country s major public health threat ’ , and a refreshing willingness to move against Zimbabwe s ’ aged dictator , Robert Mugabe , whom Mbeki coddled
out of a misguided sense of loyalty for his support during the struggle against apartheid . Governments are now vulnerable , and politicians are under attack almost everywhere . This philosophy would benefit
places like New Orleans as much as Phuket in Thailand . Indeed , while it might seem as though there would be no problem of cultural transposition in the case of Hurricane Katrina , an examination of the
tragedy reveals otherwise . Khamenei faces a deeper problem : he is not Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , his predecessor and the Islamic Republic s founding ’ Supreme Leader , who shaped the system s identity
’ . It will also pit the big carbon emitters of the future , like India and China , against present polluters like the US and Europe . But that effort can range from the Algerian model ( near-total control
) to the Argentinean approach ( limited influence ) . Nowadays , more and more problems are being redefined as “ disorders ” or “ illnesses , ” supposedly caused by genetic predispositions and biochemical
imbalances . Life events are relegated to mere triggers of an underlying biological time bomb . To cope with this deficiency , some scientists have tried to reinvent the tools of one level in order to apply
them to another . But if Obama presses Hu to revalue the Chinese currency as the best way to achieve recalibration , Hu is likely to push back , asking Obama what he intends to do to stem the massive US
deficits that will cause inflation and reduce the value of investments by Chinese and others in American securities . Of course , Russia provides far more headline-grabbling examples of political and human
rights problems , such as the low-grade war in Chechnya or the Yukos affair . As with peace processes in the Middle East and Central America following the Cold War s end ’ , regional changes created the
conditions for the start of the Colombian process . If the non-Muslim South had gained at independence a large degree of religious , cultural , and administrative autonomy within a devolved federal structure
, it is conceivable that the country could have remained at peace . But the South gained these freedoms only in 2005 , with the CPA , and only after a huge and bloody conflict . They have implemented a
host of “ unconventional policies ” that previously would have been deemed unthinkable , even outrageous – and that can be seen in the enormous growth in their balance sheets . In Asia , fiscal prudence
allowed the stimulus measures that were needed to revive global economic growth in 2010 . A famous map painted by my friend and compatriot Saul Steinberg depicts the global village as seen from Manhattan
: the distance from the Hudson River to the Pacific Ocean is the same as the distance from Ninth to Tenth Avenue on the Upper West Side , and somewhere beyond the calm ocean float Russia , China , and
Japan . Saul ’ s other maps evoke his past : Milan , the city of his youth , Zurich , where Dada got its explosive start , and the Romanian city Buzau , where he was born . As a result , broadening the
corporate tax base will not be easy . Maintaining consumption at as high a level as possible is vital to reviving economic activity , which means that freeing money for consumers to spend is just as important
. Energy and carbon taxes can raise revenue while leaving the economy in a stronger state to sustain a recovery . The agreement was remarkable : in providing what in many ways was a clearer articulation
of the crisis and what needs to be done than that offered by the G-20 , the UN showed that decision-making needn t ’ be restricted to a self-selected club , lacking political legitimacy , and largely dominated
by those who had considerable responsibility for the crisis in the first place . Indeed , the agreement showed the value of a more inclusive approach – for example , by asking key questions that might
be too politically sensitive for some of the larger countries to raise , or by pointing out concerns that resonate with the poorest , even if they are less important for the richest . There is a high degree
of economic complementarity between Egypt and the oil-rich Gulf States . President Jacques Chirac 's re-election incited a sigh of relief across France that is echoing around the world . Following the AKP
s victory ’ in July , Erdoğan initially sought to avoid antagonizing the military by not renewing Gül s presidential candidacy ’ . Yet Gül insisted , and the AKP united behind him . Instead , Russia is
ruled by “ yes men ” who are only able to agree and echo : “ As you say , Mr. Prime Minister … ” ; “ As you wish , Mr. President One reason … ” is that the country s leadership ’ now appears to be digesting
the same garbage information it feeds to the public . The Great Disconnect There is a third force still in play , though much cursed , abused , misused but relied upon and hoped for - Western help . When
illegally caught fish reach the global marketplace , fish prices fall and less fish are left to catch legally . Most companies are no better at managing or even recognizing the different kinds of economic
risks that their workers face . More strikingly , some of our hopes for a new social order also crashed against the rocks of the new rules of the game . True , Poland ’ s democratic institutions , despite
their flaws , function rather well . Did they change their political positions ? The duty to intervene – and the cost of indifference – is probably higher for France than for any other Western country . To
persist with the old reordering “ ” of Afghanistan would be sheer folly , dissipating whatever good might come from the end of Bin Laden s blood-soaked career ’ . The latter , however , should be ready
to share the burden with us . This is why our priority is growth : everything else , frankly , is less important . " Problems with interpretation also plagued that second effort . If the 1990 s ’ was the
era of economic shock therapy , the present decade may be remembered for economic reform paralysis . Although the reasons for gridlock differ across countries , the bottom line is that few politicians
anywhere are having much success in limbering up their economies . The legacy will be with us for a long time . The area s volatile situation ’ provides Pakistan s ’ government an additional argument to
insist that all refugees be repatriated – because , given their complicated tribal loyalties , they may constitute a domestic security threat . The Extraordinary Chambers marks a milestone in Cambodia s
effort ’ to come to terms with an exceptionally violent period in its past . As Carmen Reinhart and Kenneth Rogoff tell it in their masterly book This Time is Different , there is no secure way of short-circuiting
a deep banking crisis . Russia ’ s east should become a provider of relatively high value-added goods , rather than just an exporter of timber , oil , ore , and seafood , as is the case now . Similarly ,
countries like Turkey and Ukraine have adjusted their policies because they are attracted to Europe . These groups protected the growth in consumption to which they had become accustomed by going more deeply
into debt . Indirectly , the very rich , some of them outside the US , lent to the other income groups , with the financial sector intermediating in aggressive ways . At times charming , at times eccentric
, and often behaving like bandits , these provincial chieftains share several attributes : high rates of poverty in their provinces , comfortable lifestyles for themselves , and a disdain for democratic
institutions . Eventually they will lead to sound political institutions across the Continent , even in the postcommunist states that are lining up to join the Union . Lower the interest rate too much ,
and inflation and monetary instability result . Raise it too much , and the economy slides into recession and unemployment . In May 2003 , the investment bank Goldman Sachs created options markets for home
prices , for the UK as a whole and for Greater London , with both to be traded on the London Stock Exchange . They are coercive , but they fall short of the threat or use of military force . Will they be
enough to stop the killing ? The Turkish Chimera Early next year , Aqueduct will offer future projections of water stress based on the latest scientific analysis , including predicted effects of climate
change . Although Greece was bailed out a year ago , Plan A has now clearly failed . Greece will require another official bailout – or a bail-in of private creditors , an option that is fueling heated disagreement
among European policymakers . Still , we must always bear in mind the difficulty of forecasting bubbles . And , for daring investors , it is not enough to find a bubble to pile into . Investors , especially
, need to recognize that even if broader positive trends in globalization and technological progress continue , a rise in macroeconomic volatility could still produce a massive fall in asset prices . Perhaps
one experience stands out above all . Instead , by going after the hard-pressed 47 % of America – the very people who have been hurt the most by reckless bank behavior – his prospect of victory in November
has been severely damaged . When stressed , a big surface bifurcates in big chunks , but then the disintegration continues into smaller and smaller fragments . For example , Pepsi bolsters its bottom line
by shifting to more nutritious , healthier food . The new European Financial Stability Facility ( EFSF ) is not up to the task . After all , the US economy has yet to regain its full strength , is too structurally
impaired to sustain any rapid forward movement , and has not yet started to overcome the many distortive side effects of the extreme medicine that it received . Or is such a goal necessary because a financial
center can determine the fate of a great metropolis ? The UN Charter , initially negotiated by the US , the Soviet Union , and the United Kingdom during World War II , established a Security Council containing
five permanent members , including France and the Republic of China . Worse , in America stock options became a preferred form of compensation – often worth more than an executive s base pay ’ . One hopes
that this task has been made slightly simpler by the publication of a book in which the Copenhagen Consensus economists boil down their insights . It would be absurd to condemn , as some do , globalization
as the main and only culprit in the erosion of traditional sources of support for the poor . The authorities did not understand the complexity of the crisis , let alone see a solution . So they tried to
buy time . No player but the last in the securitization chain was exposed to the ultimate credit risk ; the rest simply raked in high fees and commissions . At that moment , the communist movement appeared
to be riding the tide of history , and not only for those in the Soviet Union . In the mid-1950 s ’ , communism was on the offensive in Europe , as well as in the emerging Third World . At the moment ,
the majority view in most countries is that the financial system failed badly , but that the incentives and dynamics of the broader market-based system in a relatively open global architecture remain the
best avenues for wealth creation , poverty reduction , and the expansion of opportunity . Indeed , the implementation of the Multilateral Debt Relief initiated by the G-8 already provides an unprecedented
opportunity to complete the process of debt relief for a large number of low-income countries . At the current rate of educational expansion , an estimated 118 million children will be absent from primary
school in 2015 . Nearly twice that number will not attend secondary school . And internal exile , such as that currently afforded Hosni Mubarak , will be impossible . These are politically sensitive topics
that could have polarized , rather than united , the international community . Now , at long last , we can close one of the darkest and most bloodstained chapters in Europe 's history . Again , differences
mattered . The record shows that the period 1950-1973 , when government intervention in market economies was at its peacetime height , was uniquely successful economically , with no global recessions and
faster rates of GDP growth – and growth of GDP per capita – than in any comparable period before or since . There was also Gulnaz , a young woman who was jailed for adultery after being raped by a relative
( she was recently released after a presidential pardon , but may be forced to marry her attacker ) . The pioneers of microelectronics tried many strategies to supplant vacuum tubes , and they delivered
a host of semiconductors and chip designs : germanium , silicon , aluminum , gallium arsenide , PNP , NPN , CMOS , and so on . Even slowing the economy is hard : lacking an efficient financial system ,
credit growth must be controlled directly through banks . Of course , it may take some time for the Tamils and their leaders to learn the mutual tolerance and self-discipline of democratic government . And
Hong Kong s economic blueprint ’ also focuses on accelerating large infrastructure projects whose environmental impact has not been rigorously examined . His plan to exploit and industrialize the country
s gas fields ’ remains just a promise . Ultimately , such a system loses any vestige of either democracy or free enterprise . In the days , weeks , and months ahead , the arrangements to remove chemical
weapons from Syria will , one hopes , begin a new era in which the US and Russia work together on other pressing global issues as well . A cooperative US-Russia relationship is essential if the international
system , now almost dysfunctional , is to work properly in the future . This must include making the appointment of federal and Supreme Court judges free from nepotism and political influence . The financial
implications of ensuring universal energy access are large , but not overwhelming when weighed against the enormous benefits . Indeed , because Bolivia s Constitution ’ requires the approval of Congress
for such sales , it isn ’ t clear that Morales is nationalizing anything : the assets were never properly sold . When a country is robbed of a national art treasure , we don ’ t call its return re-nationalization
“ , ” because it belonged to the country all along . A decade after the euro s introduction ’ , we must follow the example of its founders and turn crisis into opportunity by uniting in a spirit of cooperation
and ambition – and thereby reinforce the EMU s foundations ’ . Governments around the world cannot stand by and watch that game play out across the world s energy lifeline ’ . This mechanism is not available
in a monetary union such as the eurozone . The territorial and economic imperatives of empire will continue to make it difficult for Russia to develop a political system that conforms to Western norms . Today
, per-capita annual emissions in the European Union are 12 tonnes , and 23.6 tonnes in the United States , compared to six tons for China and 1.7 tons for India . But players , too , sometimes have failed
to conceal national animosities : when Holland beat Germany in a memorable European semi-final in 1988 , one of the Dutch players ostentatiously wiped his bottom with a German shirt . In this cloistered
world , a prosperous and just society requires a state-directed economy . The United States did something similar in 1933 , when it depreciated the dollar by 69 % and abandoned the gold standard . A similar
drachmatization “ ” of euro debts would be necessary and unavoidable . Theirs is not a revolution ; it is cocaine-crazed nihilism . The triumph of terrorists would have been transformed into a triumph of
the war on terror . It suffers from less inequality than many advanced industrial countries ( though more than Canada and the northern European countries ) , and it has had a longer-standing commitment
to environment preservation . Indeed , early privatization is likely to be destructive in its own terms , because property rights will remain in question for some time . Thus , a new yardstick is needed
to measure success . John Taylor , undersecretary of Treasury for International Affairs , and a former colleague of mine at Stanford University ( as was Ann Krueger ) , suggested that matters ought to be
left to the market . The revival of democratic politics in Pakistan will undoubtedly effect Pakistan-US relations . The interdependent nature of our energy infrastructure requires a multilateral approach
. Moreover , linear projections of economic growth trends can be misleading . In Europe , women long ago bridged the education gap with their male peers . They have , on several occasions , pledged to increase
their aid to the poor , and some European countries have started to meet their higher targets . Al Jazeera is certainly professional . Not all exceptional periods create their Bonapartes , and this is probably
a good thing , for exceptional leaders may give the illusion that all problems have solutions , which is far from true . The natural course of history in the most optimistic sense is progress “ at the
margin , ” but the rapid pace of technological change is pushing us to expect equally rapid progress in human affairs . Global companies wish to do business worldwide , eroding not just sovereignty , but
also racism and prejudice , as well as significantly weakening nationalism . More than forty years ago , Turkey applied for associate membership of the European Economic Community . When the storm has passed
, low levels of public debt and sustainable public finances will be crucial to preserving spending that helps the poor and to bringing back the international investors who are indispensable for Africa
’ s future growth ; Habré , once backed by the United States and France as a bulwark against Libya 's Moammar Quadafi , allegedly killed tens of thousands of real and suspected opponents before he was deposed
by his former army chief . This past year , my own university Columbia University – in New York City – teamed up with universities in Ecuador , Nigeria , the United Kingdom , France , Ethiopia , Malaysia
, India , Canada , Singapore , and China in a Global Classroom “ ” that simultaneously connected hundreds of students on more than a dozen campuses in an exciting course on global sustainable development
. Their mission was to negotiate the terms and conditions of a financial bailout of Greece . Victims and perpetrators might not be the same . How can we overcome the role that vested interests may be playing
in setting a global health agenda that fails to address key drivers of disease ? What is easily forgotten is that even the most theory-eager leaders of the time understood that ultimately , the protest
movements that helped to define 1968 didn t ’ come out of seminar-room discussions . ROME – More than four decades ago , the world s wealthiest countries ’ pledged that at least 0.7 % of their GDP would
be devoted to official development assistance ( ODA ) . Vajpayee , for his part , has hinted that if Pakistan wants a decent deal , it ought to make one with him , as he might be the last Indian leader
for a long time who is willing to compromise even a little on the issue . Isn ’ t the power of the manipulator more insidious , and perhaps to be more greatly feared , than that of the policeman ? His votes
are needed by both remaining candidates and it is likely they will tend to split equally between Left and Right , for he cannot commit himself to clearly support one candidate over the other . The problem
with this argument is that there is no evidence supporting the first crucial link in its logic . In theory , the constitutional prohibition could be interpreted as applying only to the future . Mohandas
Gandhi , Nelson Mandela , and Martin Luther King , Jr . , played crucial roles in transforming people s identity and aspirations ’ . Nor is this an argument against transformational leaders in US foreign
policy . Lin s success ’ is delicious , partly because it contradicts so many cultural prejudices about Asian-American athletes . Flabbergasted experts who overlooked Lin have been saying things like “
he just didn ’ t look the part . ” Of course , neither Egyptians nor Americans would ever allow a communist party to rule them . Editors , as well as reporters , at least tried to get the facts right . Europe
's love of target zones is not innocent . Two million educated professionals have recently emigrated from Russia . Popular stories tend to take on moral dimensions , leading people to imagine that bad outcomes
reflect some kind of loss of moral resolve . In view of the serious risks that Europe has assumed , in full awareness of the consequences , it is of the utmost importance that a European Grand Strategy
“ ” for the Eastern Mediterranean and the Middle East be developed , so that Europe can calmly and clearly define its interests . In any serious variation of this Grand Strategy , Turkey will need to play
a central role politically – , militarily , economically , and culturally . Now many Russians have no idea where they are moving forward or backward or , indeed , if they are moving at all . CAMBRIDGE Brazilian
President Dilma Rousseff s visit – ’ last week to Washington , DC , offers an occasion to consider how some once-poor countries have broken out of poverty , as Brazil has . Moreover , virtuous creditors
should not bail out irresponsible borrowers , be they private or public . From this perspective , austerity is the necessary and just penance for reprobates like Greece , Spain , and Italy . Such laws also
transform HIV victims into scapegoats for a societal problem for which the governments and broader societies are failing to undertake effective , and sometimes politically or culturally risky , steps that
can defeat the disease . And , thanks to Germany , the interest rates that Greece will pay for loan packages put together by other eurozone countries will be very high , which means that its economy will
be unable to recover for some time , and that its financial drama will weigh heavily on the euro s collective destiny ’ . And it happened in his hometown of Sirte . Yerevan Armenian President Serzh Sargsyan
s recent invitation – ’ to Turkish President Abdullah Gul to visit Yerevan to watch a football match together was historic . As a result , in 2010 the share of consumption in their GDP had reached 81.6
% . Of course , developing as a potential reserve currency created a substantial vulnerability . Both Japan and Germany were slow in liberalizing their domestic financial systems as they tried to limit
capital inflows for a substantial period of time in order to avoid rapid currency appreciation and the consequent erosion of their export competitiveness . Meanwhile , Chinese and other foreign tourists
dress up in traditional Tibetan dress to have their souvenir pictures taken in front of the Dalai Lama s old palace ’ . There was a better one : http : / / www.flickr.com / photos / kristenolson / 4241806180
- a sharp-eyed red-shouldered hawk , solid and sturdy , gazing balefully at the camera . Sensible , kind , but no pushover . At the same time , most of the burden of adjustment would fall on the countries
that left the euro . Recent work has made the causal link between the sun and skin cancer at the molecular and cellular level . Suzuki s joint venture ’ in India suggests that cooperation in high-tech manufacturing
is eminently possible . The Bush administration has been disastrously anti-scientific . Freedom of expression is never categorically right or wrong ; instead , it accommodates rights and wrongs . A historical
wave beyond his control had lifted the former KGB lieutenant colonel from out of the shadows to the pinnacle of power . Nor does the election of Hassan Rowhani , a relative moderate , to Iran s ’ presidency
improve Kerry s chances ’ . Over the past few decades , the International Monetary Fund became associated with excessive fiscal austerity , extreme political insensitivity , and – since the Asian financial
crisis of 1997-1998 – with an out-and-out stigma . Countries borrowed from the IMF only under duress , when all else failed – and when there was simply no other way to pay for essential imports . The arrival
of silver from the New World in the sixteenth century triggered sustained inflation . Chocolate-Fueled Growth It has an excellent central bank . But it lacks the other elements of a proper monetary union
. There are other reasons why R2P has not been a success in the Syrian case . And China must use its substantial influence with Indonesia on this issue – in its own self-interest . It wants to persuade Russia
to agree to amend the 1972 ABM Treaty to allow each side to build a limited national missile defense with 100 interceptor missiles located in Alaska and possibly 150 more at a second site . Is it plausible
that the Serbian authorities remained in the dark while the killing was in progress and reported in the press all over the world ? It seems far more reasonable to believe that Serbia s leaders ’ were informed
about what was going on , and that , despite this , Serbia ’ s military , financial , and political assistance to Mladic was never interrupted . These curves always intersect after a couple of decades ,
and Malthus predicted widespread famine or violent conflicts : food and population would be aligned with each other by “ misery , war , pestilence , and vice . ” The irony runs even deeper . An outbreak
of violence could strengthen Hamas and its military wing , Al-Qassam Brigades , in the West Bank . This , in turn , could produce a repeat of the scenario that brought Hamas to power in Gaza in June 2007
, when all Fatah authority in the area collapsed after the Israeli withdrawal . When , in 1997 at NATO 's Madrid summit , Romania was turned down , public enthusiasm cooled . Finally , there is the example
of politicians like George W. Bush , who enacted a government program that promises comprehensive drug benefits to the elderly and mammoth profits to pharmaceutical companies . Work on the wall started
around a year ago . Sensibly , the new government maintained " Convertibility , " the local name for a Currency Board system that sets a 1 : 1 exchange rate between the peso and the US dollar . Yet despite
this , De la Rua 's government denounces President Menem 's economic legacy , claiming that its fiscal irresponsibility nearly incited a run on the banks and currency . Despite the encouragement of Iran
s civil nuclear program ’ by the US , Britain , Germany , and France , they all ultimately reneged on their contractual commitments after our revolution in 1979 . Admittedly , getting to a much higher price
for gold is not quite the leap of imagination that it seems . Of course , continuing macroeconomic reform remains necessary . The recession in other advanced economies ( the euro zone , United Kingdom ,
European Union , Canada , Japan , Australia , and New Zealand ) started in the second quarter of 2008 , before the financial turmoil in September and October further aggravated the global credit crunch
. This contraction has become even more severe since then . The intervention in Libya also represents a confluence of several longer-term trends . And Netanyahu continues to oversee economic expansion and
improved foreign relations , despite hostile rhetoric from Europe and elsewhere . Such arguments were deployed successfully during the 2005 referenda on the Constitutional Treaty in France and the Netherlands
, and in Ireland during the referendum on the Lisbon Treaty . Duke Energy , America s largest utility , ’ has shelved plans to build two reactors in Florida , after having spent $ 1 billion on the project
. The decision came only three months after the company abandoned investment in two new units in North Carolina . After the explosions at Deepwater Horizon and Ixtoc , oil and gas under high pressure entered
the water at the seabed . This resulted in a three-phase emulsion of oil , gas , and water that also contained sand and dirt particles . On May 11 , some 40-50 million voters will elect a new national assembly
. Finally , the reform sets out clearly for the first time what is expected of surveillance , and so should promote candor and evenhanded treatment of every country . In other words , the Fund must ensure
that it deals with every country the same way , including delivering clear and sometimes difficult policy messages and sharing its views with the international community . The government is fortunate to
have my lawyer friend s faith ’ in the legal system , but now it must earn ordinary citizens trust ’ by enacting reforms . But , regardless of their cause , rapidly growing inequalities are a powerful force
for instability everywhere , from wealthy America to rapidly growing China to reform-challenged Europe . Moreover , the use of mechanistic rules to determine capital adequacy has also inadvertently encouraged
systemic imprudence . The real question about industrial policy is not whether it should be practiced , but how . So far , Royal has failed to play that role . The government , however , seems unwilling to
recognize public dissatisfaction with its ideologically driven policies or the failure of forced industrialization . SAFTA was launched in July 2006 , but it did little to increase trade between India and
Pakistan , which has barely developed since 1947 , when the two countries fought the first of many trade – as well as real wars – against each other . Stock markets have been falling most days , money markets
and credit markets have shut down as their interest-rate spreads skyrocket , and it is still too early to tell whether the raft of measures adopted by the United States and Europe will stem the bleeding
on a sustained basis . So what will it take to start closing international income gaps without damaging development prospects globally ? A virus can be just a couple hundred lines of computer code , compared
to hundreds of thousands of lines for anti-virus programs , which must be designed to detect wide classes of enemies . Israel ’ s Election in a Bubble The idea of a common tax base must be preserved in order
to simplify the system and narrow the scope for profit-shifting . Buying time to secure their own political future , Venezuelan officials carefully stage-managed Chávez s illness ’ and eventual death ,
even suggesting near the end , while he was undergoing complex and agonizing cancer treatments , that he was still walking “ and exercising . ” The information vacuum was reminiscent of the secrecy surrounding
the deaths of Stalin and Mao , and the practice in the Ottoman empire of keeping the sultan s death ’ a secret for weeks until the succession was settled . That does not mean forcing it to follow an unrealistic
and potentially dangerous electoral ritual just because it is embedded in UN regulations . The international community should support Mali s gradual process ’ of renewal where it counts – on the ground
in the country ’ s conflict-battered communities . Countries like China that have large surpluses will have to rely much more on domestic demand to fuel their economies . As every economics student learns
early on , monetary policy cannot fix problems in the real economy ; only policy changes affecting the real economy can . The regime played its hand brilliantly . Unions and workers associations are the
natural vehicles to monitor such behavior , but they must invest in the expertise to do so effectively . Saleh will undoubtedly resist such an effort . This economic tsunami has come to us from the United
States – there is nothing in it for Europe , but the right-wing forces in all our countries , which have coalesced into the majority that governs Europe , have rallied to its support . Indeed , the conflict
in Mali is taking place geographically in Africa , but in many ways its causes and ramifications lie in the Middle East . When France intervened in an African country in the past , there was no risk of
terrorist attacks on its territory or on its citizens elsewhere in the world . But Borlaug s death ’ at 95 also is a reminder of how skewed our system of values has become . The State Council s decision
’ reverses the suspension of dam building on the Salween announced by Premier Wen Jiabao in 2004 , after an international uproar over the start of multiple megaprojects in the National Nature Reserves
, adjacent to the world heritage area – a stunning canyon region through which the Salween , the Mekong , and the Jinsha flow in parallel . This reversal is consistent with the pattern established elsewhere
, including on the Yangtze : China temporarily suspends a controversial plan after major protests in order to buy time while public passions cool , before resurrecting the same plan . Could a similar (
obviously not identical ) story unfold for the southern rim of the Mediterranean ? This is the key economic question posed by today ’ s Arab Spring . His political rivals are gaining new positions of power
, and the population is increasingly unhappy with the economy ’ s continuing decline . The core of Japan s political inertia ’ consists in the current pseudo-two-party system comprising the LDP and the
DPJ , because the parties divisions ’ are actually devoid of any consistent ideological and policy differences . The United States wins first prize with a trade deficit of more than $ 650 billion in the
most recent 12 months . Now sea levels are rising again . Commercial banks have to be bailed out by governments ; then governments have to be bailed out by commercial banks . One reason for this is that preventing
a disaster does not make good television . The rise began when the trading band for the renminbi s dollar exchange rate ’ was widened to ± 1 % , and has now reached an all-time high since 1994 s currency
reform ’ . Secretary-General Annan has proven once again ( as though we needed further evidence ) that talk is cheap . Indeed , Yomiuri s report ’ may well have helped convince Japan ’ s new prime minister
, Shinzo Abe , to go to China immediately after being elected in to seek better bilateral relations . In hopes of stimulating FDI , bilateral agreements have multiplied , but they rarely lead to balanced
commitments . If Ukraine succeeds in its European choice , if it is able to make it work , it can settle the question that has bedeviled Russian culture for centuries Russia – or the West ? So the best
way to help Russia today is to support Ukraine s ’ claim that it belongs to Europe and its institutions . All the students , in Paris and in the provinces – there are over a million at the time – feel insulted
. The heart of this miracle is that it benefits all - Europe 's citizens , its states , the whole continent , and the world . In that case hope and history would rhyme , as he put it in a celebrated phrase
. The global ethical challenge that has been most prominent in the campaign is climate change . But , just as stunningly , rank-and-file members of the US House of Representatives have rejected it – at least
for now . But the Israeli government and army refuse , calling Hamas terrorists “ ” in order to deny them legitimacy , despite previously reaching understandings in southern Lebanon with Hezbollah , which
they also consider a terrorist organization “ . ” BRUSSELS – Two years have passed since the financial crises erupted , and we have only started to realize how costly it is likely to be . Most important
, export-led growth must give way to domestic economic drivers . Indeed , the US expected that Iran would be capable of generating 20,000 megawatts by 1994 . It is a silly and baseless fear , but that is
how modern regulators think and act – in a state of constant , irrational anxiety . Every five years the United Nations produces a summary report called the Global Forest Resource Assessment ; The team
in charge of assembling the assessment relies on internet reporting and satellite surveillance to come up with the figures . According to the most recent report , between 2000 and 2005 , we lost forest
acreage equivalent to the land mass of Panama -- more than 77 thousand square kilometers of forest gone , some of it never to return . A look at the historical experience of the Jews shows that while most
Jews were mired in poverty at the beginning of the twentieth century , over time they tended to do disproportionately well in societies that allowed them to compete on an equal basis . That was the case
first in central and western Europe , and then in the United States . Under Iraq s constitution ’ , the Kurdish region is entitled to 17 % of the country s oil and gas revenues ’ . But the distribution
of proceeds from hydrocarbons is irregular , and the central government has accumulated significant arrears . With the ocean getting rougher , the once-agile rescue vessel is now so overburdened that some
officers are second-guessing the captain , who again calls for the larger ship to help . But seizing today ’ s unique opportunity with Iran demands long-term vision from all parties . His deviation from
the system also created loopholes that he did not know about or thought irrelevant . I am the first to admit that the US under President George W. Bush has not covered itself with multilateral glory in
recent years . But accuse America of sabotaging the trade talks ? VIENNA Apologists – for neo-liberalism assume not only that states should be run like companies , but also that , as far as possible , they
should not intervene in the economy . But the euro has made it more difficult for governments to respond . The Chinese government has invested heavily in recent years in state-owned companies and privately-owned
national champions “ , ” mainly to ensure that China profits from the power of markets while the leadership controls as much of the spoils as possible . Knowledge of the end opens up dimension of meaning
, which also makes it possible for some things to be meaningless . Here , too , the data are contradictory or preliminary , with some indicating a decrease in suicide accompanying the increase in use of
antidepressants . Religious moderation , if not secularization , remains the key not only to social integration , but also to Muslims opportunity ’ to influence Europe ’ s future . All friends of the Egyptian
people must support the principles and processes of liberal democracy , regardless of the politicians and parties that we offend . North Korea s nuclear weapons program ’ has been a matter of concern for
two decades . Afghanistan is already such a costly quagmire . Dollar / Euro ( $ / _ ) 0.88 1.26 European history during the past 60 years makes clear that the most promising approach to meeting the challenge
of national reconciliation and stability is not to focus on specific contingencies , but to establish procedures that encourage orderly change . For , if economic logic were clear-cut , governments wouldn
’ t have to justify what they do on the basis of market confidence . So how can Iraq create uniformed services that can be trusted to enforce the law effectively and impartially , without consideration
of ethnicity , religion and gender ? The traditional answer is to recruit , train , and instill the right values “ . ” But , in transforming Turkey , Ataturk did not begin entirely from scratch . Moreover
, thresholds can move as the environment changes . Think of the lamentable response by US President Bill Clinton s administration ’ to the Rwandan genocide in 1994 or Australia ’ s shameful rejection of
asylum-seeking boat people in the Tampa affair under John Howard s ’ government a decade ago . Of course , economies that depend on foreign investment are bound to be hurt nowadays , because those investors
have less capital to invest . You think I am crazy ? The cellphone has empowered the Indian underclass in ways that 45 years of talk about socialism singularly failed to do . In Poland , once the battle against
Communism was won , the Solidarity movement was soon sundered by conflicts between secular democrats and believers who looked to the Church for guidance . Obama ’ s praise of Egypt s Hosni Mubarak ’ as
a man with whom one could do business demoralized Egyptian opposition groups , which have been struggling against the long-serving autocrat and his efforts to ensure that his son , Gamal Mubarak , succeeds
him . A former member of Iran s parliament ’ , Javad Ettaat , argues that the government “ is contravening the principles of Islam by using an iron fist against protesters . ” The Brothers political opponents
’ have not been silent . Integration or destabilization ? The decisions are anything but final , even though the isolationists now prevail . Lack of confidence is reflected in low and volatile asset values
. They arrived with various levels of education and skill , and over time have generally gained in terms of “ human capital ” – and in terms of value added and income . A second popular explanation for British
decline focuses on the educational system . Immeasurably larger damage will be done to Ukraine : it will lose a vital partner , one that perhaps has not always been ideal , but that nonetheless has never
inflicted any damage and has never allied with other countries against it . But his arguments in this area failed his own test “ of truth , ” for they lacked “ the power … to get accepted … in the competition
of the market . ” Fossil fuel energy is expensive and contributes to climate change . Chinese multinationals with recognized brands will begin to appear , just as they did in Japan and Korea . Germany s relationship
’ with Europe is seen as a functional one by nearly all the democratic parties . But , while Europe no doubt remains important for asserting both common and national interests , it is no longer a project
of the future . In the course of a few years , it had become the proud self-definition of Italian fascism , endorsed by Mussolini s education minister ’ , Giovanni Gentile , who became the official philosopher
of fascism , and then incorporated in a ghost-written article by Mussolini himself in the Encyclopedia of Fascism . Odinga worked hard to help elect Kibaki in 2002 , only to see Kibaki renege on a similar
pledge . Increasingly , pillars of the establishment are sounding like shrill critics . Consider Martin Wolf , a columnist at The Financial Times . This will reduce the world price of these fuels , inducing
other countries to consume even more than they otherwise would . Yet in a new context of scarcity , upstream infrastructure projects on international rivers may impact water quality or availability for
neighboring states , thus causing tensions . Two weeks later , 400 Japanese businessmen hired as many as 500 local Chinese prostitutes for a weekend sex party in a Zhu Hai hotel . It was a deeply confused
speech . If we were less haunted by memories of appeasing the Nazi regime , and of the ensuing genocide , people might not be as concerned about human rights as they are . And by no means do all those who
work to protect the rights of others invoke the horrors of the Third Reich to justify Anglo-American armed intervention . One argues that coercion can change minds . When a court forces an individual until
he surrenders and says that he wants to follow orders , his compliant actions are to be considered voluntary , because , ultimately , he has made the conscious decision to agree . The likeliest outcome
of the current flurry of diplomacy will be a fudge , which both sides will present as the best result “ possible . ” There will be another roadmap to final two-state status , with some timetable for Palestinian
statehood , conditional on Hamas s renunciation ’ of violence . As the historian Frank Trentmann has demonstrated , the case for free trade was made in nineteenth-century Britain in moral terms : it was
held to promote not just economic prosperity , but also peace . In a word , yes . President Barack Obama s election two years ’ ago positively shocked Arabs and empowered Arab democrats , who saw it as proof
of America ’ s true democratic nature . But the more their politicians argue over the debt ceiling , the greater the risk that the wiring will become irreparably frayed . Nonetheless , in the IPCC s influential
2007 assessment ’ of climate change , the panel s ’ Working Group II ( charged with assessing the potential impact of global warming ) chose to cite one , then-unpublished study that supposedly found that
global warming had doubled damage costs over the past 35 years . Hirschman believed that the possibilities for economic development are not nearly as constrained as comprehensive theories would lead us
to believe . The imbalances specific to underdevelopment create opportunities that policymakers can seize on . We Europeans must favor stability , create a real spirit of co-ownership , and promote political
responsibility.In this new framework , the EU should avoid excessive conditionality , especially during the transition period . Obama has introduced important innovations in US nuclear policy , but much
important continuity with previous policies exist . One is that , if the current process fails , Obama might issue his own plan , which many expect would be a near-carbon copy of the proposal made by Bill
Clinton s administration ’ in its last days ten years ago . Europe ’ s disintegration has already advanced much further than it might appear . A peaceful resolution of deep-rooted problems requires wise
political leadership , as well as recognition that past injustices cannot be redressed all at once . Some recent rises in the prices of equities , commodities , and other risky assets is clearly liquidity-driven
. A third way that health IT in America differs from consumer IT is usability . The design of most consumer Web sites is so obvious that one needs no instructions to use them . With the rise of the Tea Party
, Republicans may rail against raising the debt ceiling , but they are likely to back down in the end , because , among other things , debt-funded wars – say , in Afghanistan and Iraq – are easier to defend
than pay-as-you-go wars that voters must finance up front with taxes . Ireland would certainly be in much better shape if it had received a similar transfer . As a result , Obama will have no choice but
to devote the lion s share ’ of his time and attention to reviving the economy . While this fact alone will not quiet opponents of immigration , it does give countries more breathing room to repair and
strengthen badly broken systems for receiving and integrating newcomers . Although rapidly aging Western countries are unable to attract the immigrants they need , they allow millions who are already there
to suffer discrimination and abuse . The ECB President made it clear he will do his duty whatever the political pressure . Unsurprisingly , many in this generation grew dissatisfied , and not a few began
to look for Islamic alternatives to the prevailing political systems . MILAN – The global economy is experiencing a major growth challenge . Many advanced countries are attempting to revive sustainable
growth in the face of a decelerating global economy . A third consequence of the verdicts concerns the empowerment of an anti-reform faction within the MOI . Based on my year-long research on Egyptian security-sector
reform , this faction is already the most powerful . The multiplicity of interlocutors inevitably creates a multiplicity of water systems with vastly unequal levels of efficiency . Initiatives like the
World Water Forums thus inevitably highlight debates about what constitutes good water management , as well as elaborating useful concepts . Savulescu , who directs the Uehiro Centre for Practical Ethics
at Oxford University and holds degrees in both medicine and bioethics , says that we should drop the ban on performance-enhancing drugs , and allow athletes to take whatever they want , as long as it is
safe for them to do so . In Ukraine and Moldova , the Kremlin has worked hard , with some success , to blunt the appeal of Europe . If the project is eliminated , European policymakers will be denied important
information that could help to guide discussions about enhancing competitiveness . France has simply failed to incorporate minority citizens – many of them third-generation immigrants who have been educated
for twenty years in assimilationist public schools . But few political leaders accept that the crisis has anything to do with the French model of citizenship . It was a necessary , if infuriating , act
of salvation to avoid economic disaster . Indonesia has set an example ; now the spotlight is on you . The economic outcome of war could well depend on the diplomatic context . If America acts alone , the
likely costs of war to the world economy will be higher than if it has the backing of the UN . Liu Xiaobo was an active spokesman in 1989 for the student protests against official corruption and in favor
of greater freedom . Muslims are facing a new racism , and they have to strive for their rights , but they should do so alongside their fellow citizens and in many fields : domestic and foreign politics
, education , media , and social activism . Indeed , not only are governments running out of fiscal bullets as debt surges , but monetary policy is having little short-run traction in economies suffering
insolvency not – just liquidity problems – . Worse still , in the medium turn the monetary overhang may lead to significant inflationary risks . Challenging Europe ’ s Last Autocrat After many years of conflicts
, with the memories of the martial law of 1981 still fresh in the minds of most Poles , a policy of national reconciliation was a crucial element of our program . While the big players remain preoccupied
with their internal changes , the region continues to smolder . The main question now is whether the leaders who emerge in November will be firefighters or fire starters . Armed individuals resort to kidnapping
to get jobs , free family members from prison , and exact revenge . As a result , although Latin Americans can vote in a more democratic environment , they can t compete ’ in a globalized world . Standards
of living fall , incomes stagnate , hopes are dampened . Hand in hand , they bisected the city . A skilled Nigerian immigrant in the US , for example , has more opportunities there than if he returned to
Nigeria . Moussavi , Iran s prime minister ’ between 1981 and 1989 , is barely known to young voters . However , his campaign has been hinting that , if elected , Moussavi will loosen some social and cultural
restrictions . Moreover , large corporations are able to take full advantage of globalization ( for example , by arbitraging tax regimes to minimize their payments ) . He earned less from cotton last year
than the year before , and much less than he earned five years ago . This state of affairs is worrying , to say the least , given the severity of harm that a single serious accident can cause . The meltdown
of a 500-megawatt reactor located 30 miles from a city would cause the immediate death of an estimated 45,000 people , injure roughly another 70,000 , and cause $ 17 billion in property damage . Education
does the opposite . While many private French firms are thriving , they do so by economizing on manpower and , increasingly , by outsourcing production , often to new EU member countries where labor costs
are considerably lower . Arcelor , one of the oldest steel manufacturers in the world , depends very little on the highly speculative world market for raw steel , and its workforce is ( on average ) highly
qualified and stable . Latin America ’ s Corruption Challenge But how can a lengthy negotiation be carried out without seeming to benefit the party , which wants to gain more time ? Political optics – that
is , the management of public perceptions – will be a very important part of this negotiation . Meanwhile , the first two arrows “ ” of Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe s economic program radical monetary-policy
easing ’ – and increased government spending seem – to have given the country ’ s long-stagnant economy a lift . This would incite even more economic uncertainties . Objections from European and Asian allies
were brushed away as old-fashioned , unimaginative , cowardly reactions to the dawn of a new age of worldwide democracy , enforced by unassailable US military power . What he wants , it votes for . But
what Russia needs is political parties that stand for something other than their boss 's will . Since taking office , Rouhani has responded quickly to the Iranian public s demands ’ . The old asymmetries
are fading away , and there are new distributional challenges at the core of global economy-policy coordination . The Sunnis would probably accept the federalist provisions if they applied only to the Kurds
. They know that the alternative is not a return to centralism , but secession by the three Kurdish-majority provinces of Dahuk , Arbil , and As Sulaymaniyah to form an independent Kurdistan , with its
own treasury , army ( the Pesh Merga ) , and oil production around Kirkuk – the second-largest reserves in Iraq . In the EU , only Poland seems to want Ukraine as a prosperous , stable , and accessible
neighbor , not as a poor and rickety one with a dodgy democracy and even dodgier nuclear power stations . That was three elections ago . ISTANBUL – A cycle of terrible violence has taken over much of the
Middle East . This would not be seen as ' second class ' membership , but rather as the right ' Agenda 2000 ' , the proper answer to the hopes of a genuinely reunited Europe that were reborn in 1989 . But
European women are to blame as well . A warming of relations with the US could set in play two types of dynamics : one originates with the OECD s development initiative ’ for the Middle East and North Africa
( MENA ) , created in 2004 . The major challenge , however , is the difficult work of collecting unwanted devices at the street level , and sorting and coordinating collected items for international distribution
and processing . Perhaps he could fit that in on weekends . Only when a transfer of competencies to the supranational level leads to efficiency gains that exceed the welfare losses due to centralization
should national and regional responsibility be replaced by the supranational . All these threats have two things in common : First they are all directed against humanity . Countries are subject to varying
degrees of fiscal constraint , assuming ( especially in the case of Europe ) a limited appetite for unlimited , unconditional cross-border transfers . Those that have some flexibility can and should use
it to protect the unemployed and the young , accelerate deleveraging , and implement reforms designed to support growth and employment ; others options ’ – and thus their medium-term growth prospects –
are more constrained . China ’ s New Growth Order Indeed , Japan ’ s debt is now roughly 230 % of GDP , higher than that of Greece ( 175 % of GDP ) and nearly twice that of Italy ( 125 % of GDP ) . It took
a worse catastrophe , a world-historical scourge , to teach these people a lesson . But then a 2 % fall in the Dow on March 13 pushed the VIX back up . Imagine that you have cancer . I have mixed feelings
about these penalties . The Palestinian leader Yasir Arafat turned him down flat and instead returned to a massive campaign of terrorism against Israel . The reform paid little attention to some key realities
. First , traders and intermediaries rather than farmers captured most of the benefits . One common interpretation is that integration makes people better off . The trouble is that , by 2010 , the shadow
banking system was about the same size as it was just before the 2007 market crash , whereas the regulated global banking system was 18 % larger than in 2007 . The UK needs offshore wind to meet its renewable
targets , and in a few years it will need electricity from any source it can find just to keep the lights turned on . Together the members of NATO have helped to protect Kosovo and recently brought aid
to the victims of a devastating tsunami . And that is true here as well : performing the role of reserve currency enables the US to borrow on the cheap , but at the cost of any significant influence over
the exchange rate , which is determined by the rest of the world s demand ’ for dollar assets . Foreign investment from within and outside the region has altered the structure of domestic economies . The
WWF and some researchers choose to get around this by defining the area of emissions as the area of forest needed to soak up the extra CO2 . Perhaps that outcome shouldn t ’ seem so strange . After all
, as the columnist David Brooks recently observed , “ If there is one soft power gift that America does possess , it is the tendency to imagine new worlds . ” The US does not have a national interest in
helping Taiwan become a sovereign country with a seat at the UN , and efforts by some Taiwanese to do so present the greatest danger of a miscalculation that could create enmity between the US and China
. Thus , large banks are likely to continue to hold too little capital and to take excessive risks , raising the prospect of renewed bouts of financial instability . The unforgettable scene of camel- and
horse-riding Mubarak supporters beating tech-savvy Egyptian protesters signals that the old order will not yield without a fight . Coming from the other direction , China s crawl ’ toward a more market-oriented
brand of capitalism also has potential pitfalls . This month ’ s deal between President Barack Obama and the Republicans in Congress to extend the tax cuts initiated a decade ago by President George W.
Bush is being hailed as the start of a new bipartisan consensus . The vulnerability of the regimes in Egypt , Tunisia , Libya , Syria , and Yemen , which rely on rigged elections and a repressive state
apparatus , reflects their lack of any acceptable source of legitimacy . Problems arise when countries cannot – or will not spend – sensibly . And whom do we have to thank for all this European progress
? NEW YORK – In one week , Michelle Obama sat for a formal White House portrait , dressed in somber , tailored clothes ; posed for a snazzy People magazine cover , dressed in a slightly down-market , hot-pink
lace outfit that showed plenty of skin ; let the national media know that the First Family would be getting its new puppy from a rescue shelter ; and had her press office mention casually that “ secretaries
and policy makers ” had been invited for popcorn and movies at the White House . Many who protested against the regime in 2009 are disillusioned . Only the Federal Reserve can do that - and the Federal Reserve
is very unlikely to sacrifice the jobs of American workers on the altar of the strong dollar . The West , particularly the United States , has lived through such a moment of recognition before , when the
USSR launched Sputnik in 1957 . The so-called Sputnik shock “ ” convinced America and the West of the need for radical reform of science education , particularly recruitment , training , and retention
of teachers . Among the large continental countries , including India and Brazil , only China has a small segment of coastline but vast interior regions . But , when the issue was put to California voters
in 2008 , they overwhelmingly supported a proposition requiring that all farm animals have room to stretch their limbs fully and turn around without touching other animals or the sides of their cage . This
may not be the last word in the debate . Similar problems are already appearing in South Korea , while China has been driven to loosen its one-child policy and unveil plans for economic reforms aimed at
reviving growth . My generation was forged by protests and police truncheons , by the hopes generated not only by the Prague Spring , but also by the Polish student movement that March , the Paris events
of May , and the first signs of Russian democracy voiced in the early books of Sakharov and Solzhenitsyn . So , how will the European Union distinguish between “ good current-account ” deficits – a government
creates a favorable business climate , generating inflows of foreign direct investment and bad current-account deficits – “ ” ? Preventing bad current-account deficits would require far greater intervention
in the private sector than the neoliberal and single-market doctrines that were fashionable at the euro s founding ’ would imply . The others evolved into multi-party democracies during the middle-income
transition . WASHINGTON , DC Perhaps never – in history have nuclear security , non-proliferation , and arms control received the prominence that they will during this month ’ s strategic trifecta : the
April 6 release of the latest United States Nuclear Posture Review ( NPR ) , the April 8 signing in Prague of the New START Treaty , and the April 12-13 Nuclear Security Summit . This is a credible claim
, for three basic reasons : the complete evaporation of Russia s imperial élan ’ , its unwillingness to pay other countries bills ’ , and the new countries ’ unwillingness to cede too much sovereignty
to the former hegemon . His opponents have responded by proclaiming their right to self-determination and threatening to boycott the referendum with which he hopes to legalize the reform . Indeed , with
a large shock , much of the breach happens automatically , as tax revenues shrink and social-insurance payments expand . Although there is much that we can and will do to help ourselves , the Horn of Africa
can still benefit from international assistance . But the international community needs to do more than provide food and medicine to victims of famine and drought . One ( unstated ) difference is about
money . Meanwhile , at the national level , it is essential that biodiversity conservation is mainstreamed “ , ” becoming an integral part of government policy and sustainable management practices worldwide
. Poverty alleviation , central to the UN Millennium Development Goals , is largely measured in GDP growth , but must include sustainable management of the natural capital on which economic health depends
. To gain control of the mandarins , the DPJ plans to place 100 lawmakers in the ministries top leadership ’ , as well as three dozen political appointees to policy staffs in the office of the prime minister
. Unfortunately , the DPJ scrapped an LDP-sponsored civil-service reform bill , which would have allowed the DPJ to replace mandarins with an army of political appointees . The crisis faced by the European
Union and the eurozone is a telling example of the need for a narrative that explains public policy and generates political support for it . A successful narrative can be neither too complicated nor simplistic
. Orchestrated by Chongqing Mayor Huang Qifan , the principal architect of the spectacular Pudong development project in Shanghai , the goal is to transform the Liangjiang area of Chongqing into China s
first inland urban development zone ’ . Some children lose the ability to make growth hormone due to injury or tumors ; others lack normal growth-hormone activity from birth , owing to a genetic mutation
; and others are missing the gene that codes for the hormone altogether . And , while raising so much revenue with so low a tax rate sounds grand , the declining volume of trades would shrink the tax base
precipitously . As a result , the ultimate revenue gains are likely to prove disappointing , as Sweden discovered when it attempted to tax financial transactions two decades ago . The most recent President
s Conference , “ ’ ” held in June in Jerusalem under the patronage of Israeli President Shimon Peres , was highly symbolic of this evolution . Indeed , even under the Constitutional Treaty , all states
know that their partners have the express right to withdraw if they should ever become sufficiently disenchanted or come to look upon the EU as a bad bargain . But accelerated action on many other broad
biodiversity-related fronts is urgently needed . Indeed , according to the UN Environment Program ’ s Global Environment Outlook-4 , the world is currently experiencing a sixth wave of extinctions , triggered
in large part by our failure to manage natural assets . But , by under-estimating both the domestic and international aspects of the problem , the authorities transformed a banking problem into a national
tragedy . Behind such differences lie deep political and cultural traditions concerning the role of the state in everyday life . Advertisers proclaim a single message : your soul is to be discovered in your
shopping . Instead , we can use this simple framework to monitor developments , learn from them , and adapt . In the prevailing atmosphere of turmoil and confusion , the radical Islamists attack the Americans
as barbarous Crusaders who have replaced the communists as the enemies of Islam . The notion that a self-appointed set of activists , in conjunction with some governments and international agencies , can
determine what a corporation should do by way of CSR contradicts the liberal notion that we should ask for virtue to be pursued , but not in a particular way . At a time when the world is emphasizing the
importance of diversity and tolerance , it is effrontery to suggest that corporations should standardize their notion of how they wish to promote good in the world . There is no doubt that the earth became
warmer over the twentieth century ( by about 0.7 degrees Celsius ) , which most climate scientists attribute largely to human carbon dioxide emissions . Better to radically reduce the size of the Commission
, and to either tie countries into regional packages for Commission representation or rotate membership every few years among countries . DAKAR – In recent years , China and Africa have formed one of the
modern era ’ s most successful economic and trade partnerships . China benefits from Africa s oil ’ , minerals , and markets , while Africa benefits from increased trade and investment in infrastructure
, health , education , small-scale businesses , and low and medium technologies . In short , taking a step back would provide an opportunity to reset , to reflect , and to plot the best course toward a
more stable , more integrated Europe . Others criticize the report ’ s methodology , claiming that the indicators are not inclusive or that they improperly measure countries regulatory environments ’ .
Still others have argued that Doing Business contains built-in biases against regulation and taxation , which may create incentives for countries to enact reforms that game the system rather than produce
meaningful results . Trade with China alone is worth more than 1 billion € per day , second only to trade with the US . The Soviets were regularly attacked as dangerous enemies of God . Accounting for only
15 % of the world 's population , they cause 50 % of global carbon dioxide emissions - with all their implications for climate change . As a result , the Chinese government is taking bold steps to move
beyond fossil fuels . Further dollar depreciation as well as slower US growth will undermine EU exports , the one relatively successful component of demand in Europe . Every country must selfishly use a
surge strategy to gain advantage . Implementing the scheme will not require the support of every major developed country . Colombian children squeeze through the narrowest shafts of coalmines . Over the next
decade , our statesmen must replace the Pax Americana that has enforced stability in the Asia-Pacific region with a Pax Asia-Pacifica , in which the major countries and sub-regional blocs contribute to
and share in the maintenance of Asia-Pacific security in the face of our common geopolitical threats . NEW YORK India s great moral leader Mohandas Gandhi – ’ famously said that there is enough on Earth
for everybody ’ s need , but not enough for everybody ’ s greed . Today , Gandhi s insight ’ is being put to the test as never before . Turkey ’ s insistence on pressing ahead with the deal caused tension
with the US and fueled criticism at home and abroad that Erdoğan s government ’ was shifting away from its long-standing alliance with the West . With Senators Patrick Leahy and Chuck Grassley , Kaufman
worked last year to pass a bill providing timely resources to federal law enforcement agencies working on recent financial fraud . NAIROBI – What will it cost to save the world s forests ’ and boost the
life prospects of its seven billion people ? The power of the center is being restored , following its partial disintegration after the end of the Soviet Union . But not all of the measures are temporary
or economically reasonable . ( Medina was acquitted of murder . ) Geopolitics has a similar law : whenever the world sees a new emerging power , the world s greatest existing power tries ’ , directly or
indirectly , to block its rise . These economic adjustments could occur much more smoothly if the eurozone as a whole were to pursue a more expansionary policy . If the target inflation rate for the eurozone
were to be set temporarily at , say 3.5 % , and if the countries with current-account surpluses encouraged domestic inflation rates somewhat above the eurozone s target ’ , there could be real price adjustment
within the eurozone without price deflation in the troubled countries . Both the Palestinians and Israel can easily and rightly be blamed for the failure of the Oslo process . The new economy enjoys at least
equal hype in Switzerland , Italy , Spain and France . London , in particular , has no inalienable right to be a global financial center . In other words , the world needs a systemic approach to deal with
systemic risks and system failures . Unfortunately , there may be little hope of strengthening global financial governance as long as implementation and enforcement of rules remain at the national level
. The terrorist attacks in America and the war against the Taliban have incited wide speculation about the relationship between culture and economic development . In countries like China and India , rapid
economic growth has lifted a huge number of people out of poverty . Most discouragingly , the American assurances will likely discredit Palestinian moderates and the positions they have advocated regarding
the need for mutual concessions with Israel . UN inspections were not eliminating that threat ; The goal was set in 2005 , and last month ASEAN + 3 finance ministers negotiated the details . Despite the great
efforts made to manage refrigeration amid blackouts caused by power shortages , customers are not turning out . Even when things look more difficult in the US , as when inflation began to run higher recently
and productivity growth lowered , the stock market sell-off that followed did not burst the overall market bubble . It is this grim history that makes China s current disregard ’ for Deng Xiaoping s maxim
’ that China “ disguise its ambition and hide its claws ” so worrying for Asian leaders from New Delhi to Seoul and from Tokyo to Jakarta . From its refusal to condemn North Korea ’ s unprovoked sinking
of the South Korean warship Cheonan and shelling of South Korean islands , to its claims of sovereignty over various Japanese , Vietnamese , Malay , and Filipino archipelagos and newly conjured claims
on India s province ’ of Arunachal Pradesh , China has revealed a neo-imperial swagger . To begin with , it is imperative to understand how much credit Palestinians can credibly claim for the Israeli withdrawal
. True , Palestinian resistance and sacrifices were a contributing factor in Ariel Sharon s decision ’ to reverse a policy he had espoused for decades . For many years , drug companies in the United States
have had higher profits than any other industry – after they ’ ve paid for R &amp; D and all their other expenses . NEW YORK Macroeconomic indicators – for the United States have been better than expected
for the last few months . Hans Blix will head the UN arms inspectorate charged with searching for , finding , and destroying Saddam Hussein 's weapons of mass destruction . Nor is the ICC a foreign body
. So much has changed since then . But this is just one of many environmental debts that will somehow have to be paid in long after the fighting has stopped – by the victims , if by nobody else . Like scientists
, they prefer to work with huge amounts of data , which is why the US government wants a record of every call and financial transaction made by every inhabitant of the country . Tracking the movement of
individuals by the locator in their cell phones is possible , and it is surely under consideration . The other type takes the carcass of history , throws it into the pot , turns up the heat , and boils
it down , hoping that the bones will yield lessons and suggest principles to guide our civilization s voters ’ , bureaucrats , and politicians as they slouch toward utopia . He embodied the so-called Chongqing
model “ ” of state capitalism that has been ascendant in China in recent years government-directed urbanization and economic development – that concentrates power in the hands of regional leaders and state-owned
enterprises . To move forward , the Copenhagen meeting must break the political deadlock between industrialized and developing states . The delay in reaching an agreement enabled most private creditors to
escape the consequences of their reckless lending to Greece . Roughly half of Greece s external debt ’ migrated from the private sector to official institutions . But experimental biologists ask a different
question : not whether organisms could grow as an imaginary model suggests , but whether they do . On this score , Turing 's reaction-diffusion model has been greatly disappointing . Moving forward requires
all governments to act through inclusive multilateral organizations and arrangements . Despite the IMF s undemocratic and corporate-like governance ’ , which has undermined its legitimacy and credibility
in the developing world and distorted efforts to extend its surveillance role , there is no alternative multilateral body available . Despite China ’ s limited room for maneuver with regard to its stocks
of foreign-exchange reserves , it should never give up its efforts to safeguard the value of its hard-earned wealth , which has been entrusted to the good will and supposedly responsible hands of the US
government . As the stronger and more experienced party , the US can help to allay China s fears ’ about the safety of its national savings . One of the worrying features of the 9 / 11 attacks is that it
is hard to see their purpose beyond the perpetrators resentment ’ of the West and its ways . Many religions instruct us that attachment to material possessions makes us unhappy . This is a recipe for trouble
. The increasing climate-change danger is mainly due to developments in China . Every part of Germany 's international position has been wounded by the Iraq war . The models used by all of the forecasting
organizations dramatically underestimated the fiscal multiplier : the impact of changes in government spending on output . For starters , there is the convergence argument . As China grows , its increasing
size , wealth , and urbanization will continue to stoke demand for energy , grains , minerals , and other resources . But , as long they remain relatively powerless , Mexico will remain unbalanced , deprived
of the modern left that it needs to combat poverty and inequality , and hostage to those who still believe in revolution and the assault on the Winter Palace . When the British inveigled Arab chieftains
to fight on behalf of the British empire in World War I , the Arabs were not rewarded with sovereignty at the Great War 's end , but with ongoing British and French suzerainty . Indeed , ever since the
Qin Dynasty united the country and established a centralized regime some 2,000 years ago , accountability for debt has been treated as a central government problem . So the question is whether anything
can be done to minimize that risk . I have never been heavily involved in partisan politics , but these are not normal times . It is not a development which defenders of the constitution of liberty can accept
. The implementation of the WHO 's strategy could lead to one of the largest-ever positive shifts in human health , putting populations throughout the world on pathways to lifelong and sustained improvements
in well-being . But they also wanted banks to direct more resources to financing domestic investments and industry . The Case for Re-Regulating Capital Accounts If the Council presidency continues to rotate
, then the logical entity to vest with executive authority is the president of the Commission . A massive state bailout , while adding enormously to pressure on Obama s government ’ , would expose the weak
link in the US system of governance . Russia knows that when it comes to conducting a serious foreign and security policy , Europe is all mouth . Russia has pushed Europe around for years on energy issues
, cutting bilateral deals with the bigger countries and opposing efforts to create a common European energy policy . For the most part , old-age poverty is hidden , often by the victims themselves , who
are too proud to talk about their condition . Every time we in Nepal think things can t get ’ worse , they do . Good or bad , the quasi-king can be booted out every four years . Financial assistance is of
course vital , but the political commitment of the international community is just as important . But it won ’ t last . Moreover , the country ’ s strategic situation is deteriorating with each passing
year , because the global redistribution of power and influence from the West to the East can only weaken Israel s position ’ . For these groups , globalization amounted to redistribution . Obama s Asian
Vision ’ But , to do so , we will need to make EU institutions more efficient , with better regulation and a lower administrative burden . More Chinese will be featured in annual lists of the world s richest
people ’ . In Turkey , recent protests have highlighted growing opposition to Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan s overweening power and divisive ’ , religious-based social policies . Later , their masters
shot and then dumped them into the pits . This would fundamentally redefine – and , one hopes , rebalance US-China relations – . The problem is not just the moral inadequacy of the economic virtues , but
their disappearance . Hard work and inventiveness are still rewarded , but self-restraint , thrift , and prudence surely started to vanish with the first credit card . In the affluent West , everyone borrows
to consume as much as possible . Seen against this background , the November release of the ministry s grim forecast ’ for growth is both surprising and welcome . In fact , the French were harbingers of
a kind . Naturally , many join radical causes . The result is that they are feeling less French or German , creating greater political room , on both the left and the right , for nationalist ressentiment
. Of course , Obama is not the Messiah ; he cannot work miracles . SHANGHAI -- Immediately after taking office last month , Pakistani Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani ordered the release of the 60 judges
who had been detained by President Pervez Musharraf since November . This is a triumph for the rule of law in Pakistan , and above all a triumph for the brave Pakistani lawyers who took to the streets
to protest Musharraf s imposition ’ of a state of emergency last autumn . Giving Till it Heals The Poles claim--self-righteously--that they are representing not their own national interest , but that of
all the smaller member states . But that requires substantially greater centralization of political accountability and control than Europeans seem able to achieve today . Experience elsewhere suggests that
once judges have been appointed , rules of procedure drafted and adopted , and the relationship with other international organs shaped , the system will become fixed . Does anyone doubt that the jailing
of Mikhail Khodorkovsky , chairman of Yukos oil , is politically motivated ? The first revolution must be institutional . Many countries do not have foreign currency reserves sufficient to meet sudden and
large outflows of capital without destabilizing their domestic economy . Unions are not the only culprits . When they are under-developed , they shut those demands out in the hope that they will go away
– or be bought off by economic improvements . Without missing a beat , Xi , like his predecessors , rolled out a new slogan to inspire popular confidence in his leadership . Krishnan assailed the fact that
the conviction rate for rape prosecutions in India has fallen from 46 % in 1971 to just 26 % today ( which , it should be noted , is higher than the conviction rates in the United Kingdom , Sweden , and
the United States ) . Indeed , multiple but complementary identities are the norm in all four countries . Indians concluded that if people won ’ t come to the banks , the banks should go to the people . For
example , the uptrend in saving in China began at around the same time as its one-child policy was implemented in 1979 . The younger brother , Chime Namgyal , 38 , who is disabled , has been hospitalized
since June 11 for serious injuries received whilst in custody . He did not even receive a trial , but was given a 21-month sentence by local officials for the same offense as Rinchen endangering state
security – by unofficially organizing litter-collection , tree-planting , and nature patrols to stop the hunting of endangered species . But some of the most obvious factors shortening men s lives ’ are
to be found in a more pedestrian , yet politically sensitive , area : the differences in the appropriate behaviors “ ” for men and women , as dictated by society and reinforced by the market . Malaria is
an important example where specific investments can solve the problems of disease , hunger , and extreme poverty . In the US , for example , new securities laws were passed following the stock market crash
of 1929 , and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act was adopted in 2002 , in the immediate aftermath of the collapse of the Internet bubble and the Enron and WorldCom scandals . -1.4 In such a scenario , the US exports
to China what Ricardo Hausmann and Federico Sturzenegger have dubbed “ dark matter ” ( unaccounted assets , such as knowledge , which US corporations export through their investments ) , while China exports
consumer goods and services to the US . In addition , the absence of an IMF insurance facility with acceptable terms has been a major gap in the global financial architecture , especially for the more dynamic
emerging-market economies . This is despite all the evidence of the value of early access to IMF financing , before a tough situation deteriorates into a crisis . The availability and affordability of trade
finance should be improved . The ostensible purpose of the summit is to make those changes in the European Union s decision-making machinery ’ that would enable it to cope with the admission of at least
12 new members , mainly from Central and Eastern Europe . While high commodity prices played a part , privatized and new enterprises were the fastest-growing part of Russia s post-communist economy ’ ,
and the government played an important role by ensuring macroeconomic stability , maintaining a balanced budget , and using oil revenues to create significant foreign-currency reserves . Consistent policy
and superior technology explain why Japan uses one-tenth the energy that China uses to generate the same amount of economic output . But Brazil ’ s President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva , perhaps fearing
the infamous resource curse “ ” that has blighted the development of so many countries blessed with mineral wealth , is determined that the new oil wealth not be turned into “ nonsense . ” Recent history
is replete with alarming examples of dictators and would be dictators who refuse to recognize when their time has run out . As consumers , firms , and investors become more cautious and risk-averse , the
equity-market rally of the second half of 2012 has crested . And , given the seriousness of the downside risks to growth in advanced and emerging economies alike , the correction could be a bellwether
of worse to come for the global economy and financial markets in 2013 . And , of course , the problem is not just Romney ; writ large , his level of tax avoidance makes it difficult to finance the public
goods without which a modern economy cannot flourish . But the issue of how we should think about exchange rates and their appropriate management is a perennial one . A younger Al Qaeda ideologue is more
convincing , however . A Rest Stop for Europe Most of the likely buyers are slow to make up their minds , since trustees , fund managers , consultants , and employer sponsors must all become comfortable
that the new concept is consistent with their fiduciary obligations . Moreover , it is not clear that the EIB can get further help from reinsurers in managing the risks it assumes by issuing such bonds
because reinsurers do not yet see how they can fully hedge the risks involved . But today ’ s pessimism is as exaggerated as yesterday ’ s optimism was overblown . So was Robert Theobald , who , in his 1963
book Free Men and Free Markets questioned the public s ’ repugnance toward high unemployment . The Value of Being Undervalued It is feared that the Supreme Electoral Council , strongly dominated by the FSLN
and the PLC , may not administer the vote counting impartially . It may have inserted computer worms into Iran s atomic infrastructure ’ . Hereditary monarchy , often backed by divine authority , has worked
in the past . And some modern autocrats , such as Robert Mugabe , have been bolstered by their credentials as national freedom fighters . Moreover , Czechoslovakia s fearsome secret police ’ , who had every
interest in silencing or compromising the famous dissident writer , never used the incident to blackmail or expose him . Until more information is forthcoming , both from Kundera and from the authorities
, the case will not be solved “ beyond reasonable doubt . ” Who is right ? Now is the time for the world to unite behind the people of Burma , and to help bring them peace and dignity at last . High-unemployment
countries include high-tax Germany , France , and Italy , but also low-tax Japan and Spain . Low-unemployment nations include low-tax Britain and the US , but also very high-tax Denmark and Sweden . Contrary
to his predictions , capitalism spawned ever-higher standards of living for more than a century , while attempts to implement radically different systems have fallen spectacularly short . To be sure , there
have been a number of relatively fair elections , political life is active , and the economy is growing . But Iraqi leaders ’ difficulty in forming a government following last spring s elections ’ bodes
poorly . Tiger Mothers or Elephant Mothers ? Egypt s Headless Revolution ’ In effect , Germany has had the double exorbitant privilege of lower borrowing costs and a weaker currency a feat – that a non-monetary-union
currency like the US dollar cannot accomplish . Whereas the MDGs focus on reducing extreme poverty , the SDGs will focus on all three pillars of sustainable development : ending extreme poverty , sharing
the benefits of economic development for all of society , and protecting the Earth . But his secret reliance upon the Taliban card one – that he has been accused of playing for years increases – as his
authority weakens . With a solid mechanism of social cooperation , however , there is at least a chance to avoid it . Otherwise , Iran s nuclear and missile programs ’ would be a pointless waste of money
. According to an old Chinese saying , “ a just cause enjoys abundant support , while an unjust cause finds scant support . ” But this situation is likely to change . What will the EU do next ? This is why
European leaders swallowed hard and took their unprecedented steps . Unfortunately , Khamenei thought so , too , and made sure that Ahmadinejad held onto his presidency . This was a sickening blow to all
Iranians who crave the dignity of democratic politics . Would you be happy with no more blue skies ( but nice yellow and red sunsets ) , or never being able to see the Milky Way ? If we somehow lost the
will or means to continue to produce the stratospheric cloud , temperatures would skyrocket , much faster than they are increasing now . When the explorer John Cabot sailed off the coast of Newfoundland
more than 500 years ago , vast shoals of cod slowed down his ships ; crews could lower buckets over the side and fill them with fish . Indeed , the bitter legacy of the invasions of Iraq and Afghanistan
, followed by the 2008 financial crisis , has made the United States not only reluctant to use its military might , even when red lines “ ” are crossed , but also seemingly unwilling to bear any serious
burden to maintain its global leadership position . But viewing the state and the market in terms of their inherent conflict no longer reflects reality ( if it ever did ) . Indeed , it is increasingly obvious
that the threat to capitalism today emanates not from the state s presence ’ , but rather from its absence or inadequate performance . Steam power , factories , markets , and industry quickly spread throughout
northwest Europe and its settler colonies . Yet underneath the common battlegrounds of political debate in Britain and Germany and elsewhere in Europe , value clashes are lurking . Parties fight for those
who can be made “ to feel good about themselves , ” but they may not fully realize that this is only partly a matter of policy . Many countries have relied for growth on US consumer spending and investments
in outsourcing to supply those consumers . If America ’ s bubble economy is now tapped out , global growth will slow sharply . That is why we have always called for the establishment of a WMD-free zone
in the Middle East , including both Iran and Israel . And slowdown is what we need on the inflation front . Creating coherent policies is unremittingly difficult when there are so many nations , each with
a different political culture . But the idea that the constitutional crisis is holding everything back is mistaken . PRINCETON – Can central banks contain inflation ? We once thought they could . Just how
credible and effective can sanctions be ? The New Economy is a rat race , but everybody , at least as a buyer , is king . At the same time , Europe is again blocking progress in the Doha round of world trade
talks , with the farmers ’ lobby fighting to preserve its subsidies . China s growth rate ’ last year was 8.7 % , and more than 10 % in the past two quarters . But a great myth lurks at the heart of the
financial industry s argument ’ that all is well . An important difference is that , unlike Eastern Europe in 1989 , the countries of the Arab Spring “ ” do not have centrally planned economies . Simply
put , we must complete the global inventory of species . Following the example of Mongolia , where pastoralists can purchase private insurance to protect against the loss of herds from drought , microcredit
programs could be established to insure pastoralists against similar risks and thus provide funds for restocking after a disaster . Other IMF accounting practices , including how the capital expenditures
of government-owned enterprises are treated , are also causing outrage . In fact , the employment generated by the tradable sector has been in services at the upper end of the distributions of value-added
per person , education , and income . We must do it . Annual growth in shale-gas production has increased from 17 % between 2000 and 2006 to 48 % between 2006 and 2010 . Shale gas is abundant in Europe and
North America , in contrast to oil and gas . That ballot , however , is already having an international impact , in part because South Korea s failure ’ to ratify an important new intelligence-sharing treaty
with Japan is widely seen as a result of campaign politics . Venezuela s Macroeconomics ’ Many have public pension funds of substantial magnitude , consisting of diversified portfolios of assets . Specifically
, global credit creation by the regular and shadow banking systems is likely to be significantly larger than the sum of the credit creation currently measured by national statistics . Consider what the
Greek Cypriot community has achieved - a thriving economy , no one living under conditions of misery and humiliation in camps , membership in the European Union - compared to the catastrophe the Palestinian
choice has brought to their own people . Perhaps on the level of public relations , the Palestinian leadership - sacrificing their own people on the altar of propaganda - can bask in their achievement
: yet it is their own people who suffer . So any weakening of the EU in its foreign relations entails a corresponding weakening of the member states ’ individual interests . Moreover , the rising power ,
China , which is not a liberal democracy , is pursuing a model of state capitalism , and is free-riding on the current global system – on trade , exchange rates , climate change – rather than sharing in
the provision of global public goods . And , while there is general unhappiness with the US dollar , the Chinese renminbi is still far from becoming a major global reserve currency , let alone the dominant
one . Despite this massive shrinkage , the reality on the ground is unchanged . Unfortunately , the recovery is liable to run out of steam , and may even be followed by a second economic downturn , though
I am not sure whether it will occur in 2010 or 2011 . The long and hard conflicts in Afghanistan and Iraq have made Western powers wary of foreign intervention . Of course , there are many different kinds
of democratic transitions , and lumping them all together might be misleading . Public and private resources must be mobilized to build , enhance , and maintain solid educational infrastructures . At some
point , it may be possible to reinforce these steps with certain rudimentary norms and arms control , but the world is at an early stage in this process . Conservative Interventionism The illusion of explanatory
depth may stop us at just about the right level of understanding , one that enables us to know how to get more information from others when we really need it without being overwhelmed . It would perhaps
be better if we recognized the limits our own explanatory ability , but there may be some adaptive value of those limits as well . As before there were expressions of “ deep regret , ” a promise of “ immediate
investigation ” and the explanation that dropped leaflets had warned families in the region to leave their homes . Banks serve a special function in the economy that does warrant a special role for the
government : not in setting pay , but in imposing effective capital requirements . Higher and pro-cyclical equity-capital requirements on banks , combined with a requirement to raise contingent long-term
debt debt – that converts into equity in a crisis – is a better way forward . Nor is it always the case that mainstream parties can cut off support for extremists by selectively coopting their complaints
and demands . That might be the right move for America , but it could spell serious trouble for Europe . So concessions that were deemed legitimate and acceptable may now become illegitimate and unacceptable
. Moderate leaders who advocate these concessions in the context of give-and-take negotiations may become weaker and hardliners stronger . The good news is that there is plenty of historical evidence to
suggest that , once in office , the candidate develops an understanding of the issues and a feel for the nuances in managing them – a fact that should be calming to the international public . Analysts judge
a government leader s vision ’ in terms of whether it creates a sensible balance between realism and risk , and whether it balances objectives with capabilities . We are in a transition period : international
interconnection is increasing , as the global economic crisis has shown , but the management tools and mechanisms to guarantee the smooth operation of governments are still not being shared . A major peacekeeping
operation in Darfur would likely produce a similar situation : protracted uncertainties regarding the region ’ s future political status , impeded socioeconomic development , persistently diverging expectations
among the conflicting parties , unresolved tensions resulting from non-fulfillment of these expectations , and the likelihood of renewed violence should the foreign intervention force withdraw . · Southern
Europe could reconfigure its enterprises to become engines of productivity ; Scared Silly about Global Warming But there was a steep political price to pay . In the words of Emmanuel Hirsch , professor of
medical ethics at the University of Paris-XI , “ How long can our bioethical standards continue to resist the rise of other logics particularly financial ones – ? ” There is no sign of a crisis narrowly
averted . The point is simple : Argentina 's real resources , its people , with their enormous talents and skills , its fertile land , its capital goods remain . And the break-up of Standard Oil took place
in great American style : the company was split into more than 30 pieces , the shareholders did very well , and the Rockefeller family went on to rehabilitate itself in the eyes of the American public
. “ Multilayered ” means multinational cooperation on various activities that can be promoted through bilateral , trilateral , or multilateral mechanisms . Work within the ARF and EAS frameworks is already
aligned with this concept , and Japan is pursuing its own trilateral dialogues with China and the Republic of Korea , as well as with the US and Australia . Some pockets of humanitarian need remain , but
the massive crisis that was anticipated thankfully never materialized . Refugees and internally displaced persons are relatively few ; supplies of food , water and medicine are mostly adequate or at least
improving . Grants and planning must be coordinated , and the consent of Afghanistan 's neighboring countries assured . The " Serbian Stability Pact " is based on the judgement that all Serbia 's political
protagonists must take responsibility in the current crisis . But , despite gold s heightened allure ’ in the wake of an extraordinary run-up in its price , it remains a very risky bet for most of us . That
sounded right to voters , especially if it meant government policies that encouraged the emerging real-estate bubble and made their investments in homes soar in value . I am also an investor in and advisor
to AnchorFree , the company that offers Hotspot Shield , a publicly accessible virtual private network ( VPN ) that allows users to keep their browsing private , whether they are concerned about thieves
stealing their banking details or about governments monitoring where they surf . So Medvedev will become the next president , and will hold that office for at least one full term . And Putin will remain
prime minister throughout that time , with a good chance of becoming president again in 2012 or 2016 or – after any other presidential election over the next two decades . In such an economically insecure
global environment , riddled with protectionist booby traps , a free-trade pact between the world s two largest trading blocs ’ , accounting for roughly 40 % of global GDP , has never been more important
. That right , unfortunately , includes drawing and publishing cartoons that may not please them . And the international condemnation of Qaddafi s atrocities ’ today has been swift , unqualified , and effectively
unanimous . In China , November s Third Plenum ’ of the Communist Party Central Committee will show whether China is serious about reforms aimed at shifting from investment-led to consumption-led growth
. Here are three important principles to keep in mind . Some new provisions - such as the weighting of national votes in the Councils of the Union - have been , and will continue to be , widely discussed
. But imagine a world where textbooks and other learning materials are available to everyone for free over the Web and at low cost in print . In the future , climate change can be expected to cause more
supply shocks . And agriculture is also a major culprit in climate change , responsible for 33 % of all greenhouse-gas emissions if deforestation for cultivation and pastures is included in the tally . First
, and perhaps above all , the revolutions of 1989 and the subsequent collapse of the Soviet Union put an end to global bipolarity . By contrast , 2009 is likely to pave the way to a new form of bipolarity
, but with China substituting for the Soviet Union . To be effective , elections must be preceded by an extensive debate , in which political arguments are made , attacked , defended , and , ultimately
, embodied in ideologically coherent party organizations . Democratic consent can truly be given only when voters know what they are consenting to . But , as we learned in the 1990 's , this does not mean
that the coming challenges will be easier to handle . We must go beyond cooperation and establish an EU-wide supervisory authority , particularly in the eurozone . The Alliance is now working to make the
HPV vaccine available to more than 30 million of the world s poorest women and girls ’ by 2020 ; as part of this effort , and coinciding with World Cancer Day , it has launched demonstration programs in
eight developing countries . It has meant revising , supplementing , and ratifying other policies , as well as setting the KWP s general direction ’ . So there is some basis for saying they are overpaid
, but why ? Philippon and Reshef argue that regulation , or deregulation is a big part of the story . The 1,200 privileged delegates carefully screened by China to elect “ ” Hong Kong s next Chief Executive
’ ( CE ) on March 25 would normally take their cues from China s ’ rulers . That price , however , is also exacted from the rest of us , because when extremists are allowed to wipe out their neighbors ,
the victimized often become radicalized and militarized ; they look to settle old scores not only against the perpetrators of genocide , but against those who abetted them . De-Nationalizing the ECB s Executive
’ Board The stakes on this issue have now been raised two notches higher . Leon Kass , who subsequently served as chair of President George W. Bush ’ s Council on Bioethics , argued that the risk of producing
an abnormal infant was too great for an attempt at IVF ever to be justified . Some religious leaders also condemned the use of modern scientific technology to replace sexual intercourse , even when it
could not lead to conception . Only 20 % believe that talent matters . And cigarette makers have learned how to manipulate the properties of their product to make it maximally addictive . Only if they do
can the region become a significant global player . In addition , India has built factories , hospitals , and parliaments in various countries , and sent doctors , teachers , and IT professionals to treat
and train the nationals of recipient countries . Not since before the signing of the Treaty of Rome in 1957 had Europe been in such grave political danger . But the main beneficiary would be Germany . And
, in order for the euro to fall far enough , the risk of default in Greece would need to be so large , and the contagion to sovereign spreads of PIIGS so severe that the widening of those spreads would
cause a double-dip eurozone recession before currency depreciation could yield benefits . The plan may also require city governments to increase the provision of public goods – including education , health
care , and a minimum level of income protection – to non-hukou regular residents . The global financial crisis exposed the eurozone ’ s underlying flaw . Meanwhile , international bodies , including the
International Monetary Fund and the G-20 , encouraged struggling countries to implement loose fiscal policies , claiming that they were needed to overcome the crisis . Yet there have also been landmark
successes . More than 1,400 NGOs operating in 90 countries helped to get 123 countries to ratify the treaty banning landmines . It doesn ’ t seem to be helping . Meanwhile , his housing minister , Uri Ariel
( himself a settler and a member of the annexationist Jewish Home party ) , unleashes a new wave of settlement expansion that threatens to link the 1967 border with the Jordan Valley , thus bisecting Palestinian
territory . Netanyahu ’ s own insistence on “ ironclad security arrangements ” is a euphemism for an Israeli presence in the Jordan Valley – and no return to the Auschwitz borders “ ” of 1967 . BRUSSELS
Three years – ago , Sri Lanka elected Mahinda Rajapaksa as president because he pledged to take the offensive against the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam , the guerillas who have been fighting for 25
years to carve out an independent homeland for the country ’ s Tamil minority . Papandreou s ’ move also exposes the fatal flaw of grand plans for a political or fiscal union to support the euro : the people
“ , ” not governments , remain the real sovereign . Governments may sign treaties and make solemn commitments to subordinate their fiscal policy to the wishes of the EU as a whole ( or to be more precise
, to the wishes of Germany and the European Central Bank ) ; but , in the end , the people may reject any adjustment program that “ Brussels ” ( meaning Berlin and Frankfurt ) might want to impose . TB
and HIV : A Combination Made in Hell All of them calculate the costs and benefits of their proposed solutions , and will compete to convince a panel of five world-class economists , including three Nobel
laureates , that they have the very best solutions . The net result was that many Egyptians felt not just alienated , but also humiliated . His words seem prescient . The Fund s main role ’ should be in monitoring
. But if Japan starts to intervene directly in global currency markets to ensure a weaker yen , neighboring competitors will respond in kind . Two ratios tell the story . Historical precedents indicate that
forcing disparate nations and states to unite under a single idea – whether communism in the Soviet Union , socialism in Yugoslavia , or a shared currency in the eurozone – generates centrifugal forces
that can trigger the union s collapse ’ . A one-size-fits-all approach to integration is simply unsustainable . All over the world , the pushback against protest looks similar , suggesting that state and
corporate actors are learning “ best practices ” for repressing dissent while maintaining democratic facades . And in many cases , government agricultural banks went bankrupt . Still , the financing of
inputs played a huge and positive role in helping the poorest farmers to escape poverty and dependency on food aid . Scared people rarely make wise choices . We know that pre-crisis demand was boosted by
massive amounts of borrowing . In this , Al Qaeda finds a receptive audience . In other words , Europeans are beginning to understand that they have lived well beyond their means materially , and well below
their means intellectually , spiritually , and ethically – a process that might be described as the beginning of Europe ’ s “ Montization , ” to pay tribute to Italian Prime Minister Mario Monti s embodiment
’ of responsibility and courage . Just imagine : a more virtuous Europe encountering a more decadent China “ ” , whose venal elites are starting to turn on each other ? Central banks are increasingly using
such guidance to communicate monetary policy and anchor market expectations . Young Europeans have become demoralized by the rigor and intensity of the global competition that they face . Drive and enterprise
evaporate . South Korean women still drop out of the labor force when they marry or have children ; only 38 % of families have two wage earners ( half the OECD average ) . In the United States , there is
no bailout mechanism and no intergovernmental loans . Their objective was to damage further the Israeli-Egyptian relationship , which is already more fragile than ever , and they succeeded : the IDF accidentally
killed several Egyptian soldiers during the incident . Dorda later served as Speaker of Parliament , Prime Minister , and Ambassador to the United Nations . A special judge then checks the truthfulness of
their declarations . All these issues have now become part of the national debate . The changeover of the world s vehicles ’ to hybrid and other efficient technologies will take decades , not years . Even
as Barack Obama is worshipped in Western Europe , many Poles , Czechs , and Hungarians think he is some kind of socialist . This was certainly true in the 1980 s ’ and early 1990 s ’ , when right-wing ideology
dominated , producing a one-size-fits-all prescription entailing privatization , liberalization , and macroeconomic stability ( meaning price stability ) , with little attention to employment , equity
, or the environment . Thus , its proclaimed " disagreement " with North Korea 's withdrawal from the Non-Proliferation Treaty was relatively mild . For example , there are security questions related to
strengthening the alliance between Japan and the US , including the relocation of the Futenma Air Station , the base of operations for the US Marine Corps on Okinawa . There are also issues related to
economic cooperation , such as the Trans-Pacific Partnership ( TPP ) , the proposed mega-regional free-trade treaty covering Pacific Rim economies . Unfortunately , this type of pressure could not work
in China when its people demanded what other Asians had won . Both the Chinese Communist Party and the People s Liberation Army ’ could survive without US patronage . To be fair , some of what the PRA did
makes sense – including adjusting risk weights and taking into consideration losses from “ future conduct costs ” ( translation : penalties for breaking the law will be substantial ) . So the regime s backers
’ have a strong interest in maintaining its democratic side “ ” . No dialogue was ever sought . To be elected , a board member needs to be nominated by the current board , where executives have considerable
influence . ( If chemical weapons are deployed , intervention will become inevitable . ) At the same time , while getting the crisis-response mechanisms right is important , it is not the whole story . Both
Bill Clinton and George W. Bush frequently referred to democracy ’ s benefits for security . Emerging studies on the risk-taking and asset-price inflation engendered by ultra-low policy rates will eventually
convince Fed policymakers to change their stance . The key reason for the Great Depression of the 1930s was not stock market decline , but the collapse of America 's banking system that took place during
1930-33 . Successive governments , not companies , are responsible for the most damaging outsourcing in France – that of responsibility . Instead of proposing reforms to the electorate and then implementing
them on the strength of a clear democratic mandate , the few serious reforms in the past 20 years have been presented as being externally imposed – mainly to comply with European Union requirements . For
the first time , support for basic research is being made possible on the EU level . Individual teams are to enter a pan-European competition to determine the best of the best , opening a free space for
scientific curiosity and enabling the unforeseeable outcomes that are characteristic of cutting-edge research . But that is the weakest line of attack . These social anxieties are not being addressed because
financial-sector bailouts , stimulus packages , and help for distressed industries with strong lobbies are testing many governments ’ financial limits . Reefer Madness ? The Fund should propose a conceptual
framework for the discussions to be held on exchange-rate problems by providing an objective assessment of the adjustments that are needed , and by facilitating settlement within the multilateral framework
. Hamas s crushing defeat ’ of Fatah in this week ’ s elections brings the Palestinian people to a crossroads . An Islamist political party that previously abstained from national politics and rejects Fatah
s policy ’ of negotiations with Israel , is now in charge in Palestine . We need to save our economic system from its abusers , or else . Maybe not all of the BRICS are to be believed when they say that
more common ground could have been achieved had a better process been followed . But the Western powers ’ dismissiveness during the Libyan campaign did bruise them – and those bruises will have to heal
before any consensus can be expected on tough responses to such situations in the future . Whether the issues are war and peace ; revolutions and coups ; natural disasters ; epidemics ; disputed elections
; or the grinding challenges of hunger , poverty , climate change , and mass migration , the crises inevitably demand the Secretary-General s attention ’ . We also need a regular scientific process to present
the world with the evidence on species abundance and extinction , just as we now have such a process for climate change . Politicians don ’ t listen very well to individual scientists , but they are forced
to listen when hundreds of scientists speak with a united voice . The Debtor Prisoner s Dilemma ’ The gap between what IT promised and what it delivered in the early days was so stark that experts called
it the IT productivity paradox “ . ” Once these industries figured out how to make their IT systems more efficient , interoperable , and user-friendly , and then realigned their processes to leverage technology
s capabilities ’ , productivity soared . Let us hope it is a full and fair examination based on the report s findings and recommendations ’ . Today ’ s crisis is no exception ; nor will the next one be . Which
system should prevail ? The former could give carte blanche to debtor countries to run up their deficits ; the latter might perpetuate a two-speed Europe . Today that dominance seems threatened by the East
Asian heirs to Confucianism , the ideology par excellence of state cohesion . Of course , we all know the proximate causes of an economic crisis : people are not spending , because their incomes have fallen
, their jobs are insecure , or both . Perhaps surprisingly , Lugovoi seems not to have wondered why he is enjoying such an enthusiastic reception from his compatriots . Are ordinary Russians showing solidarity
with a victim unjustly hounded by the British Crown Prosecution Service ? There are two ways that they might go about it . The only notable exception , Justice Minister Tzipi Livni , seems to have been appointed
merely to provide a veneer of official commitment to the peace process . Underwriting the Future of Climate Science After a decades-long clandestine ( although tolerated ) existence within Egyptian society
, Islamist forces were able to take advantage of the Tahrir protests , despite playing no integral part in them . Exposure to domestic sovereign obligations – by state-owned enterprises and local governments
accounts – for about ¥ 32 trillion , and obligations by private firms amount to roughly ¥ 24 trillion . With books-to-be-read , you start at page 1 , say , where the author tells you a crime has been committed
. What of the euro ? Will it flounder or regain its health “ ” ? Many countries – Syria qualifies as a poster child in this regard suffer – under miserable , brutal governments . Fortunately Russia now seems
to grasp the value of this political aspect of NATO-enlargement . In the next few years , market forces are likely to be more important than government policies in influencing consumption patterns . Given
the desire to penalize ethnic discrimination , the push for government to gain this knowledge is understandable . But the state has other means to encourage equality on the basis of national , social ,
or economic criteria . Indeed , the Turks have made clear that the Cyprus question is really a sub-plot of the much larger question of the whole relationship between Turkey and Europe . Maybe we 'd be better
off without these gadgets . The way that globalization has been managed , however , has eroded the ability of the state to play its proper role . The irony is that it was the US that built some of the longest
lasting alliances and institutions the modern world has seen , and that were central to American power for over half a century . California Attorney General Earl Warren championed the measures – the same
Earl Warren , who , a decade later , as Chief Justice of the US Supreme Court , would oversee the rejection of the separate-but-equal doctrine at the heart of America s segregation ’ of its black citizens
. “ It was as if , ” Attlee recalled , “ I had offered them margarine instead of butter . ” The central issue is this : how can we make books and articles – not just snippets , but entire works – available
to everyone , while preserving the rights of the works ’ creators ? To answer that , of course , we need to decide what those rights are . Many Chinese do not accept communist rule precisely because the
Communist Party denies its past , ( and remains ) unapologetic about its cruelty . Is it worth it ? The EU , the United States , and Japan are in fiscal jeopardy , and several countries – Japan , Greece
, Italy , and Belgium – have public debts exceeding their GDP . The US is estimated to have a thousand-year supply at its present rate of gas consumption . As a result , Realpolitik and economic interest
alone will no longer shape the great game playing out in Burma . As one influential scholar at Peking University put it : ``For Chinese diplomacy, the most important thing is to walk out of the shadow of
the past 100 years of our diplomacy of humiliation and avoid either overreacting to offenses or hiding passively, and instead face the world like a big country.'' In these circumstances , a majority of
European voters have recently shown , once again , that they favor the right and its tendency to support the fortune seekers . The third failure – even more tragic – occurred in 1947-48 , when Palestinian
Arabs rejected the United Nations partition plan , which envisaged separate Arab and Jewish states after the departure of the British . While Jews accepted this compromise , the Palestinian Arabs , supported
by the Arab League countries , rejected it and went to war against the emerging State of Israel . Even after the increases in annual assistance promised by Bush at the UN s ’ meeting in Monterey , Mexico
, in 2002 , the United States is still giving less than a quarter of its commitment of 0.7 % of GDP . Now , the IMF offers the following reassurance : ” You may be stingy , you may not be living up to
your commitments , but the money probably wouldn t ’ have made much difference anyway . ” Park s visit ’ to China comes at a time when China ’ s new leadership is grappling with problems near and far . I
must confess to having enjoyed these talks more than most meetings I have in Washington , DC and other democratic capitals . The Balkan Endgame They are likely to assume that Iran will support them whatever
they do . Third , financial markets and financial firms have become a nexus of conflicts of interest that must be unwound . These conflicts are inbuilt , because firms that engage in commercial banking
, investment banking , proprietary trading , market making and dealing , insurance , asset management , private equity , hedge-fund activities , and other services are on every side of every deal ( the
recent case of Goldman Sachs was just the tip of the iceberg ) . The West must insure that fighting does not resume , that Russia does indeed withdraw fully , and that Georgia s territorial integrity ’
within its current international border is preserved . There must also be a major , coordinated transatlantic effort to help Georgia rebuild and recover . During the new government 's first three months
, trends in industrial production , services , construction , consumption and , worst of all , tax collection reversed . Over the last six years , the Putin administration has encouraged the nationalization
and consolidation of private-sector defense firms into large , vertically integrated , state-controlled holdings . But even the best and most up-to-date donor policies will remain vain exercises if governments
in developed countries fail to translate their commitments into hard cash and improvements in agricultural investment worldwide . Iran believes that it is the victim of an international double standard
acceptance – of Pakistan s and India s nuclear status ’ ’ , not to mention Israel s ’ – which only fuels its sense of discrimination and its resolve to pursue its ambitions . Regulators may also have to
revive old tools . But by 1954 , Rashevsky had lost his grants and budget , and today little remains of his institutional and scientific efforts . Gesturing at the mayhem caused by the destructive but self-regarding
hero , before he “ goes native , ” she says , “ This is your fault . They should never have had to die . ” Here , Xi has been aided by Russian President Vladimir Putin ’ s evident disdain for the US and
the West . In the face of China s ’ rise and maritime ambitions , East Asia ’ s two great democracies must seek to do no less . He reacted to moral shabbiness with revulsion , but also with fear . He saw
it as a source of disposable masses , a human reservoir for totalitarian movements . Some of this we understand , but most of the material in the universe , and the forces associated with it , are not well
explained . Created to absorb army rejects who must still complete their mandatory national service , the CSF is a lower-rung security organization in a country whose armed forces are subpar to begin with
. At the same time , the pressure to articulate a vision can get a leader into difficulty . But they conveniently ignore the fact that the Code of Conduct is voluntary and thus not enforceable . This is
why the European Parliament voted across party and national lines in November against lifting the ban until the EU Code of Conduct is made binding . No government can control outcomes without the cooperation
of others . Africa ’ s potential not only to feed its own people but to export food around the world is increasingly and rightly acknowledged . As a Keynesian , I believe that the state paying people to
dig holes and then fill them up would increase aggregate demand and produce more income . The most obvious gap is in the Global Fund to Fight AIDS , Tuberculosis , and Malaria , a global initiative to help
the poorest countries fight these killer diseases . Consider the following three scenarios . But this problem is easily negotiated . With good communication policy , inflation expectations can be contained
, and inflation can be brought down as quickly as necessary . Outside the US , it is well known that Obama himself pulled the plug on Doha . Indeed , public opinion in all candidate countries is against
a military action in Iraq . But , as with malaria , all of the evidence shows that direct policies are much more effective than carbon cuts . Yes , we tax rich people more and give poor people some more
benefits , and that is contentious enough . While the Kemalists sought a radical break with the Ottoman past , there were important elements of continuity between their Westernization efforts and those
undertaken in the late Ottoman period . The Iranian regime should , at the very least , commit itself to halt uranium enrichment at 20 % , a figure short of the threshold needed to produce weapons . Having
had direct meetings with both Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , Erdoğan was in a unique position , as a prime minister of a NATO country , to convey these
critical messages to a regime whose top-level decision-making processes remain as opaque as ever to the West . Political leaders must think inter-generationally . They need to imagine the world of 2050
, with its nine billion people , and take the right decisions now to ensure that our children and grandchildren inherit a liveable world . Their current leaders include men like Palestine National Council
head Salim al-Zanun and Fatah ideological chief Sakr Habash , who favor continuing to battle Israel until it is destroyed , at which point they will rule Palestine with a relatively secular nationalist
regime . Indeed , several Western financial groups are considering partial or complete exits from the region – without any clear strategic replacement in sight . Lastly , conservatives have trotted out the
old moral hazard story in order to argue that a bailout would turn American manufacturing into a permanent beggar of government funds . The good news is that China recognizes how much it has benefited from
the marketization and openness of the past 30 years . There is no turning back on its path toward full involvement in the global market , despite the current crisis . In her debate with Biden , Palin actually
attacked Obama for saying that , in her words , “ All we ’ re doing in Afghanistan is air-raiding villages and killing civilians . ” She called that comment reckless and untrue “ ” “ , ” because , “ That
’ s not what we ’ re doing there . NEW HAVEN – People frequently ask me , as someone who has written on market speculation , where the next big speculative bubble is likely to be . Will it be in housing
again ? Indeed , the current arrangements penalize debtor countries even more than in the 1980 s ’ , because they will have to pay hefty risk premiums after 2013 . Now those dreams , too , are receding . That
would be good news for East Asia ’ s other economies – namely , Japan , Korea , and Taiwan . With relatively small populations – and a declining one in the case of Japan – these countries have no choice
but to rely on exports and external demand to drive economic growth . The European Central Bank could also , perhaps , be involved , nominating the deputy of the eurozone executive director at the Fund
. The US economy will also be operating in a more difficult global environment . The alternative to such a political compromise may be a return to the tragic and bloody secessionist course that the Tigers
sought for so long . And one way to maintain internal cohesion is to create “ demons ” – a lesson learned from the dirty wars “ ” in Algeria in the 1990 s ’ and Argentina in the 1970 s ’ and 1980 s ’ . But
it is Berlin that has to do the first step towards resuming dialogue with Washington after Schröder slammed the door . All are long time allies of the US . Which Globalization Will Survive ? Some worry about
reciprocity : if Chinese firms are allowed to invest in US and EU firms , shouldn t US and EU firms ’ be allowed to invest freely in any Chinese firm ? Others worry about national security : what would
happen if “ our ports and security industries ” or other strategic firms “ ” were taken over by China , Russia , or Saudi Arabia ? Together with poor design , they explain why America s 2009 stimulus ’
cost several hundred thousand dollars per temporary job created . Trade in organs follows a clear , geographically linked pattern : people from rich countries buy the organs , and people in poor countries
sell them . In my research on organ trafficking , I have entered some of these shadow markets , where body parts from the poor , war victims , and prisoners are commodities , bought or stolen for transplant
into affluent ill people . More than 44 % of developing-country residents already live in cities . I find myself scrambling to attend to utterly trivial e-mails only to get past them to the ( possibly )
important ones that lie behind . As this history suggests , it is more remarkable for a US president not to reappoint a Fed chairman named by the opposite party than to reappoint one who wishes it . Reagan
s failure ’ to reappoint Volcker and Jimmy Carter s failure ’ to reappoint Arthur Burns are the main exceptions . So , with policymakers and pundits railing against sustained oversized trade imbalances
, we need to recognize that the real problems are rooted in excessive concentrations of debt . But no formal claims were made by any state . Burning wood in pre-industrial Western Europe caused massive deforestation
, as is occurring in much of the developing world today . The indoor air pollution that biomass produces kills more than three million people annually . Likewise , modern energy crops increase deforestation
, displace agriculture , and push up food prices . For example , in a real-world office , you can see who goes out to lunch together or gossips at the water cooler , who has a line in front of their door
, and so on . Chinese critics of the government , or even those who simply wish to report mistakes or wrongdoing , are silenced with a heavy hand : beatings in police stations , draconian jail sentences
, or even murder . By this I do not mean that the Islamic fundamentalists who declared war on Investment banks had sold shares and bonds ( especially for foreign corporations and governments ) to their retail
customers , offloaded their own risk , and created a large revenue stream of fees for themselves . So , by EU standards , it has been rushed through on a very fast track . That starts with how banks behave
, and in demonstrating that we act with trust and integrity . Ideally , bank creditors would not lose money , because their fixed-interest claims would be converted into bank shares of similar value . Developed
countries will be able to commit to reducing their emissions by 80 % versus 1990 by mid-century , as many have already done , and provide the necessary financial and technology support for developing countries
adaptation ’ and mitigation efforts . With that support , developing countries in turn will need to design and implement Low-Carbon Growth “ Plans ” that significantly slow and eventually peak their emissions
growth . Nevertheless , an officially blessed book published in 2005 , Tibet s Waters Will Save China ’ , openly championed the northward rerouting of the Brahmaputra . American interests rest on regional
stability and continued growth in trade and investment . The conflicts in Transdnistria and the South Caucasus are usually called “ frozen conflicts , ” because not much has happened since they began in
the early 1990 s ’ . Indeed , in formal and informal ways , Islam is increasingly interpreted in a manner that brings it closer to the central values of British democracy . Although a recession in the developed
world is now more or less inevitable , China , India , and some of the oil-producing countries are in a very strong countertrend . When we talk about the environment , we know tougher restrictions will
mean better protection , but with higher costs . Perhaps most importantly , short- and medium-run returns , especially during periods when they are high , should not be taken as accurate signals of long-run
returns . The Bush administration must lead the Western initiative in harmonized , direct negotiations with Iran , and , if these negotiations succeed , the US must also be willing to agree to appropriate
guarantees . Labor unions have long pointed with satisfaction at hard-won contracts that specified a defined-benefit pension for their members . Success will not occur overnight , but progress has been impressive
and is continuing . In the 1970 s ’ , Britain was where the preeminent postwar model of how to manage the economy collapsed . Despite unequivocal evidence of its positive social and economic impact , education
– particularly at the preschool and primary levels suffers – from chronic under-investment . For more than a decade , Pakistan and the US were close allies . One difficulty with the British government s
response ’ is that it classifies all Muslims as just that : Muslim . In his 1945 book Science , the Endless Frontier , Bush argued that basic scientific research needs substantial and stable financial support
; that support should be potentially available to all researchers ; and that peer review should ultimately decide how and to whom funds are allocated . Yet this doesn t ’ explain why these poorer immigrants
remain religious ; wanting to succeed US-style , they should want to be quick to assimilate “ . ” China is North Korea 's most important trading partner , with turnover exceeding $ 700 million in 2002 ,
up 30 % from 2001 . Israel also needs to revisit its policies . Danny claimed that the only word of the brothers conversation ’ that he understood was “ Manhattan , ” and that the terrorists had asked him
if his car could leave the state – say , to get to New York . Of course , the fact that micro-financiers charge the very poor relatively high interest rates exacerbates the perception that they are gouging
society ’ s most vulnerable members . The differences between President Bush and John Kerry with respect to leadership on the economy are wider than in any other Presidential election in our experience
. He was no longer able to work , travel , choose his place of residence , buy or sell property , or even marry . At the beginning of the twentieth century , socialist revolutionaries led by Evno Asef embarked
on a series of terrorist attacks against state officials . Somewhere along the line , Asef became a double agent . These challenges to the non-proliferation regime not only jeopardize the credibility ,
efficacy , and viability of the Treaty ; they have also cast a long shadow of doubt on the future of nuclear disarmament itself . Deliberations and negotiations both within the NPT regime and in other
areas of disarmament have reached a difficult stage , if not a stalemate . Invented by Kim Jong Il s father ’ , North Korea ’ s current leader has continued to promote “ juche ” in almost 900 books and
articles . This debate is particularly animated with respect to Chinese investment in Africa – a continent with a long history of political , economic , and commercial exploitation by foreign powers . Senegal
s first president ’ , Léopold Sédar Senghor , was a strong believer in white supremacy who once wrote that reason “ is Helennic ; emotion is Negro . ” It is against this background that the Iranian nuclear
program has come to symbolize the larger geopolitical tensions underlying the confrontation between the US and Iran . In other words , the Fed will use regulatory instruments to control credit growth ,
risk-taking , and leverage . Amidst this undeniable progress , however , remain widespread poverty , disease , and illiteracy . In a world made smaller by modern telecommunications , satellite TV , and
the Internet , the vast challenges of development that we continue to face confront us everyday . A tripartite system of big , closely held corporations , big industrial unions and government mediate conflicts
and block changes through barriers to entry , control over licenses and standards , sway over big banks , golden shares and , in some countries , state ownership of key enterprises . In Netanyahu s view
’ , solving the Palestinian problem would not remove the Iranian challenge ; rather , it is the neutralization of that existential threat that would pave the way to the creation of a Palestinian state
. If the US and China are to avoid being steered by North Korea onto a collision course , they probably have four or five years to pursue a joint strategy – a timetable established by the point at which
North Korea could have the technology to load miniaturized nuclear warheads atop long-range missiles . Dangerous financial systems pose big fiscal risks . Perhaps even more important , it could change public
perceptions of migrants , so that they are viewed as a blessing rather than a scourge . The major emerging economies are too large and too important to be left out of the search for globally cooperative
outcomes . So a small and once developmentally challenged post-Soviet country was able to overcome seemingly overwhelming obstacles . What makes this issue so central to football s future ’ is that these
errors do not result from referees negligence ’ , inattentiveness , or incompetence . The attempted bombing of a Detroit-bound airliner on Christmas Day by a young Nigerian man trained by Al Qaeda in Yemen
appeared to open the West ’ s eyes to the country s problems ’ . Following that failed attack , US President Barack Obama and British Prime Minister Gordon Brown jointly pushed a conference in London to
propose solutions for the previously overlooked crises in Yemen . Moreover , the National Security Council has indicated the need to introduce a new plan for multi-functional flexible defense forces . For
example , in 1986 , then-president Ayatollah Ali Khamenei gave a pep talk at the headquarters of the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran . “ Our nation has always been threatened from outside , ” he said
. But democracy entails more than periodic elections , and the legitimacy of elections depends on the public s confidence ’ in the electoral process itself . Strengthening the rule of law and creating a
level playing field essentially involve building a stable , effective PRI , composed of institutions that can motivate public officials to deliver services as effectively as possible . Such a PRI would
ensure that the state fulfills its responsibility to safeguard justice , enforce the law firmly and transparently , and enable the strongest competitors to reap their just rewards . Traditional marriage
vows entail a commitment that binds the partners through changing circumstances : for richer and for poorer , in sickness and in health . Even if the marriage does not make the partners better off , they
still need to stick with it . It should also enlarge its emergency credit lines to act more as a lender of last resort to developing nations hit by financial whiplash . Often , debtor countries are squeezed
so hard for payment that they are bankrupt again after a few years . In Eastern Europe , former communist countries applying for European Union membership must harmonize their laws with those of the EU
. More important still is the news that more people ( certainly in Britain ) are going to Christian churches of all denominations . LONDON – Unlike some in Britain ’ s Conservative Party , Prime Minister
David Cameron has not previously given the impression of being obsessed with Europe . Conspicuous consumption was eschewed . The rich were supposed to save much of their income , as saving was both a fund
for investment and a moral virtue . How can it ? It makes clear both that full UN membership remains to be determined and that final-status issues like borders , refugees , Jerusalem , and security all remain
to be negotiated . This is where the inspectors have focused so far . The only effective response is counter-cyclical capital-account management : discouraging foreign borrowing during economic upswings
and preventing capital flight during downswings . Adding to the confusion , another group , thesarrafs ( primarily private money lenders ) are the key interface between foreign investors and an Iranian
counterpart , whetherbasij orbonyad . They have trading licenses ( kartibazargani ) while foreigners do not , and thus they are also party to all trade deals . He has educated and provided inspiration to
thousands , perhaps millions , of cancer patients and raised money that is being used to finding cures . PRINCETON – In 2000 , the world s leaders ’ met in New York and issued a ringing Millennium Declaration
, promising to halve the proportion of people suffering from extreme poverty and hunger by 2015 . They also pledged to halve the proportion of people without safe drinking water and sanitation ; move toward
universal and full primary schooling for children everywhere – girls as well as boys ; reduce child mortality by two-thirds and maternal mortality by three-quarters ; and combat HIV / AIDS , malaria ,
and other major diseases . The Affluents will continue to be major global players , but as the Globalizers relative economic power rises ’ , they will demand a greater role in international affairs . But
our solid understanding of the fundamentals of global warming – the base of our knowledge of climate science – should provide reason enough to press on with the implementation of carbon-free energy technologies
. They voted early , and they may very well have swayed the outcome . They see going nuclear as a way of limiting US military and geopolitical involvement in the Middle East . While image consultants and
acting ability can mask a candidate s character ’ , an integrated life over time is the best basis to judge the authenticity of the next president s temperament ’ and how he will govern . Or the 89 charges
of violations filed by just one bloc ? The decline has been gradual , so it fails to alarm voters , but Swedes certainly notice it when they go abroad . And yet much of the current uncertainty is set to
dissipate . What is most problematic about the eurozone s situation ’ is that unemployment in some of the crisis countries – Spain and Greece – remains above 20 % . And America s image ’ sinks further every
day . Many of them would sign up willingly , as they intend to join as soon as possible , in spite of the euro s difficulties ’ . Firms are in a far better position than consumers to assess the safety of
their product ; we all benefit knowing that our legal system has provided corporations with incentives to pay attention to the safety of what they produce . Some analysts argue that , given guarantees of
debt incurred by public corporations , the Greek government s obligations ’ are even higher . And now all of our work financing – for development , social spending in rich nations and poor , the Millennium
Development Goals , peacekeeping – is endangered by the global financial crisis . First , their Congress government revived the moderate secular traditions of Jawaharlal Nehru and brought India back firmly
to the political center , wresting control from communal and ideological extremists . Fifty years ago , if you sought to read about India in the West , you would mostly find books about spirituality . It
is perhaps the last living example of pure totalitarianism control – of the state over every aspect of human life . Ideologies of privatization that incapacitate effective government , permitting the privileged
to save themselves while leaving the poor clinging to roofs , must now be challenged . This disaster is a chilling reminder of what happens when government fails to protect its citizens , and it is imperative
that Americans demand accountability . The Lynchpin of Asia For the last three years , Russia , Kazakhstan , and Ukraine have been economically successful , with Russia and Ukraine boosting average annual
economic growth rates of 6 % and Kazakhstan around 11 % . Sound market-based thinking has driven their domestic economic policies . BRUSSELS – The first decade of this century started with the so-called
dot-com bubble . When it burst , central banks moved aggressively to ease monetary policy in order to prevent a prolonged period of Japanese-style slow growth . Such was the existentialist worldview of
US President and Nobel Peace Prize laureate Theodore Roosevelt , a major advocate of American expansionism : “ A just war is , in the long run , far better for a man ’ s soul than the most prosperous peace
. ” NEW HAVEN – The American consumer is but a shadow of its former almighty self . Growing the economy at an average annual rate of 10 % , it turns out , may have been the easy part . Japan ’ s hidebound
postwar regime has been insulated , externally and internally , by relatively unchanging geostrategic and economic conditions . Right now , this market is incoherent , much like the early days of the personal
computer . Former Prime Minister Ariel Sharon took a courageous step by withdrawing unilaterally from Gaza and dismantling the Israeli settlements there . But they left a unique roadway to the FATA through
the adjoining settled areas . Visitors enjoying borscht and pirogi observed her efforts with satisfaction . After all , the developed countries have done much the same thing . Poland 's Catholic bishops ,
however , accepted the assignment given to them by the Pope and have repeatedly stressed that one of the Church 's goals in a united Europe is to foster a revival of Christianity . But given the loss of
demand for religion , the supply of surplus Polish priests for a pan-European evangelizing effort is unlikely to change things much . But playing Erdoğan s game ’ only reinforces his sense of invincibility
. It does not advance the cause of democracy in Turkey ; nor does it make Turkey a more reliable ally . Their argument is that the Russian state , as now constituted , lacks any real incentive to reform
its own or Russians bad economic habits – ’ – . Young Muscovites march carrying banners that read “ Fuck the Caucasus ! ” Of course , given the political risks , governments should not wait for confrontation
with pensioners . It opened Poland to Europe , but also brought a fear of foreigners and an invasion of Western mass culture . The international community has limited leverage , and sanctions may have a
greater negative impact on the population than on the coup-makers . Malagasies , for example , have been the ones to feel the brunt of the suspension of foreign aid , which dominates Madagascar s budget
’ . Less well known is the fact that cats and dogs are infected by a coronavirus that can also cause disease in pigs . The West has lost the battle of Kosovo , but certainly not yet the war . He showed interest
in American culture , just as Deng did in 1979 . In the international arena , the new president , Dilma Roussef , has pulled back from Luiz Inácio Lula Da Silva ’ s many excesses ( indifference to human
rights abuses , support for Iran and its nuclear program , and rhetorical anti-Americanism ) during his last year in office , and may even have a present for Obama . Abbas is thus right to opt for a new
peace paradigm , but his plan for a unilateral declaration of Palestinian independence might be the wrong choice . Then one of them smiled and said : “ Oh , don t ’ worry about it . Most of us are not very
good at giving proper weight to future events , especially if they are uncertain . So we may tell ourselves that the geologists could be wrong , and perhaps no tsunami will hit Padang in the next 30 years
, and by then perhaps we will have new and better technologies for predicting them , giving people more time to get to higher ground . In response I pointed out that we condemn mothers who cause harm to
their babies by using alcohol or cocaine when pregnant . Yet since they have given life to their children , it seems that , on D Souza s view ’ ’ , there is nothing wrong with what they have done . Germany
insists on a deep restructuring – at least a 50 % haircut “ ” for bondholders – whereas the European Central Bank insists that any debt restructuring must be voluntary . Sudan has been ravaged for decades
by bitter conflicts rooted in abject poverty , struggles over resources , and ethnic and religious tensions . The Berlin Wall fell . The ban on public demonstrations must be lifted . In the wake of the Taliban
s ouster ’ in Afghanistan , bin Laden and his followers have come to regard Yemen , alongside Pakistan , as a haven . The EU is well placed to foster a conducive atmosphere by parlaying its existing trade
partnerships , beginning with TPP members Mexico and Chile , with which it has longstanding free-trade agreements , and Singapore , with which it recently completed free-trade negotiations . Regrettably
, US President Barack Obama and his administration have yet to comprehend the scale and severity of the damage caused to America ’ s credibility among its European allies . Elective science courses zoom
up in popularity . The first Gulf War ( 1990-91 ) , brought nearly one million foreign fighters from 35 countries to the Arabian Peninsula , along with their modern weapons systems , communications gear
, and different lifestyles . Such a massive foreign influx into so hermetic a country could not but have a significant domestic impact . His petition was first denied by the Guatemalan electoral authority
and then by the Supreme Court . Transnational terrorism can only be confronted by close civilian cooperation such as intelligence sharing , police work across borders , and tracing financial flows . Unfortunately
, the Commission – composed mostly of elected officials , rather than experts – wasted its time in political squabbles . Its members could not agree even on how to define subprime mortgages and calculate
how many such mortgages there were in the United States at the time of the crisis . Born of 30 years of tumult in the Muslim world , Al Qaeda has a worldview , not just a local view . EUPOL started poorly
, losing its first commander , and faces serious problems recruiting high-caliber staff . Some observers suggest that this shift will make European monetary policy more prone to the regional biases of national
central banks . There is no analogous set of floodlights being deployed to erase the shadow that is currently being cast by the lesser depression . On the contrary , the shadow is lengthening with each
passing day , owing to the absence of effective policies to get the flow of economy-wide nominal spending back on its previous track . Indeed , the most important book that a student of America can read
right now to understand today ’ s malignant political climate is Ruth Harris admirable new look ’ at the Dreyfus affair , The Man on Devil s Island ’ . That agreement allowed the world to hope that the
US economy would embark on a more predictable path to recovery . Change within the government is also noteworthy . The recent debt deal is a move in the wrong direction . Back then , irrational news decisions
, sycophancy , and propaganda were passed off as journalism . In those days , editors , reporters , and columnists played a cat-and-mouse game with the authorities , resorting to satire , humor , or metaphor
. This type of rescue strategy also makes it possible to increase the required supervisory equity-asset ratios of banks in the midst of the crisis without risking a credit crunch . The nature of suffering
around the world hardly justifies this narrow strategy . The euro stops countries like France and Italy from playing their old protectionist game of devaluing their currencies at German expense . Latin America
might have returned to growth far sooner than it did . Essentially , by exploiting behavioral quirks , they would nudge people into making decisions that are good for them , even while individuals have
complete freedom to change their mind . Is Bangladesh headed into the black hole that consumed Afghanistan under the Taliban ? Fears are mounting , as official and fundamentalist religious forces now seem
to operate with impunity – and the apparent support of local police , the ruling Bangladeshi National Party , and local authorities . Through its Cleaner Production Program , the company works with NGOs
in Bangladesh and China to implement cost-saving improvements that reduce their fabric mills impact ’ on local water quality . In Indonesia , for example , Animals Australia recorded undercover videos showing
such brutal treatment of Australian-raised cattle that Australia s government ’ suspended cattle exports to the country . These global disagreements reflect competing assessments of the UN move in Israel
and the Palestinian territories . Arab and Muslim leaders need to make this clear , be it in public pronouncements by politicians , lectures by teachers , or fatwas by leading clerics . ( In fact , lung
cancer kills one in ten smokers . ) I am reminded of Stalin 's purges . The economy is weak , but the Bank of Japan ( BOJ ) cannot make monetary policy much more expansionary than it already is . And , while
fiscal stimulus is called for in the short run , the long-term outlook for Japan s public finances ’ is deeply troublesome , owing to the huge debts run up in the past . Deficit reduction eventually will
be put into cold storage , either openly , as I would prefer , or surreptitiously , as is politicians way ’ . But power in the IMF currently follows the logic of its lending role . After the Kursk catastrophe
, Putin was asked what really happened . When things get tough in politics , as will happen in most of the world as we struggle with the impact of the global recession , every sensible government will try
to hang on to the benefit of doubt . Unfortunately , other matters now call for more urgent attention : with the flagging global recovery and the mounting debt crisis on everybody s mind ’ , focusing on
longer-term monetary reform might look like a distraction . Two parliamentary elections and two direct presidential elections - including the latest presidential run-off - have been free , fair , and peaceful
, proving that Islam and democracy can coexist . Third , while pesification removes balance sheet losses from domestic foreign-currency debts , external contractual obligations cannot be redenominated unilaterally
. Thus , the exit from the dollar peg requires a restructuring of external debt , both sovereign and corporate . Raising capital is expensive . This encourages stakeholders to deny , rather than acknowledge
, problems . They should . There are likely to be many more financial fires in various locations , and the world needs a fire brigade to put them out . Nevertheless , while an American withdrawal from the
Middle East seems highly unlikely , US exposure to the region will indeed decline ; as that happens , America s role ’ there will probably become more subdued – and perhaps more cynical . As leader of the
nationalist Likud opposition to the governments of Yitzhak Rabin and Shimon Peres , his tactics in opposing the Oslo agreements between the Labour led government of Israel and the PLO was to characterize
both Mr. Rabin and Mr. Peres as traitors , the functional equivalents of such infamous collaborators as Petain and Quisling . It was in this atmosphere of confrontation and hatred , nurtured by Mr. Netanyahu
, that a right-wing nationalist religious Jewish student assassinated Prime Minister Rabin because he saw him as a traitor who , at Oslo , gave up parts of the historical homeland of the Jewish people
to the " terrorist " Palestine Liberation Organization . Finally , a political forum for debate called the 5 + 5 Group periodically brings together representatives from Algeria , France , Italy , Libya
, Malta , Mauritania , Morocco , Portugal , Spain , and Tunisia . Indeed , in the wake of the invasion of Georgia , China may be seriously rethinking its relations with Russia . To be sure , there may be
disagreements about fine-tuning the economy , but such are routine in any democracy . In fact , all banks are likely to have upped their CRA-compliant lending . The study cannot measure this increase . But
the Iranian government is under economic and political pressure to supply increasing amounts of electricity to its growing population and fragile economy . Using oil or natural gas for domestic electricity
threatens oil and gas exports , which are the principle source of government revenues . Indeed , Western policy-makers strong focus ’ on persuading the Chinese authorities to permit greater appreciation
of their currency is puzzling when one considers that Germany ’ s current-account surplus , as a share of GDP , is now much larger than China s ’ . The PBC knows that rapid deterioration in America s fiscal
position ’ and continual worsening in its external balance may create an irresistible temptation for the US to inflate away its debt burden . The more the PBC intervenes , the larger the national welfare
losses that China may suffer in the future . Israel s Labor Party ’ has consistently said that it would bolt from the current coalition if peace talks were halted . But this stability comes at the expense
of change . Harnessing the Remittance Boom In choosing Clinton as Secretary of State , Obama appointed one of the world s most admired women ’ . As anticipated , warmth is climbing up many mountains . Since
1970 , the elevation at which temperatures are always below freezing has ascended almost 500 feet in the tropics . The first Franco-German history book was released recently , and , according to its team
of writers , it was not the past and the Nazi years that constitute a source of contention between French and German historians , but the present and in particular relations with the United States . They
are part of a worldwide trend whereby natural and culturally specific obstacles to a competitive and financially sophisticated marketplace for scientific research are gradually removed . PRINCETON – Is
Islam fundamentally incompatible with democracy ? Moreover , connections between immigrants and their families and friends back home help to convey accurate and positive information about the US . Without
legitimacy , there can be no stability in any political system , and without elections – that is , an explicit expression of popular consent to the holders of power – there can be no legitimacy . But while
free elections are a necessary condition of legitimacy , they are far from being sufficient to assure it . By putting liberal interventionism at the heart of his foreign policy , Tony Blair has made it
radioactive – a political non-starter for at least a generation . After all , the euro can now be bought cheap . The urgency of such a program has been underscored in much recent analysis of the poor performance
of the major continental European economies France – , Germany , and Italy – compared with smaller and much more dynamic economies in northern and central Europe . With early elections called for September
, there is serious doubt as to whether opposition groups will have the time , means , and experience to organize effective political parties . He expressed a widely perceived imperative for strategic reassessment
. France should not delude itself . But regulators and supervisors are fallible , which is why we need to attack the problems from all sides . In turn , several of Nehru 's Muslim associates were respected
nationally across the religious divide . Muslims trusted Nehru implicitly , and his Indian National Congress Party had a near monopoly on Muslim votes . For the EU s handling ’ - so far - of this relatively
minor issue shows that the road to EU membership appears to be paved with hypocritical intentions . Asia ’ s economies need deep , well-regulated capital markets , so that savings can be allocated to where
they yield the highest returns . With care , such groupings may become the building blocks , rather than the spoilers , of global consensus . Yet , as Erdoğan and his moderate Islamist Justice and Development
Party have consolidated their power and their control of the country , their tolerance for dissent has declined . A second major difference between left and right concerns the role of the state in promoting
development . For example , the planned Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor , a project with Japanese collaboration entailing more than $ 90 billion in investment , will link Delhi to Mumbai s ports ’ , covering
an overall length of 1,483 kilometers ( 921 miles ) and passing through six states . The project includes nine large industrial zones , high-speed freight lines , three ports , six airports , a six-lane
expressway , and a 4,000-megawatt power plant . Greenpeace and many others claim that GM foods merely enable big companies like Monsanto to wield near-monopoly power . New York – Will rising global inflation
lead to a sharp global economic slowdown ? Even worse , will it revive stagflation , that deadly combination of rising inflation and negative growth ? Humanitarian workers are not military strategists ,
so they cannot judge what kind and what size of deployment of peacekeepers is adequate . Different studies , with slightly different data sets , different countries , different techniques , and different
years yield markedly different results . A World Bank for a New World Both countries should consolidate their cooperation in other areas already agreed upon : agriculture , education , health care , energy
, and science and technology . Obama s trip ’ offers an opportunity for taking stock , expanding initiatives that have matured , and announcing new projects that will provide global benefits . Qatar , which
had been Morsi s main protector ( ’ by offering a large credit line ) and is in the midst of its own political transition , has remained detached from Egypt s turmoil ’ . While clear about the need to address
the existing MDGs , the report only briefly mentions the burden of NCDs . From a model applicable to the minority of the world s population ’ , “ Western consumer society ” is becoming the dominant economic
model of the world , one to which there is increasingly no alternative . Indeed , most of the health gains over the nineteenth and twentieth centuries were brought about by far-reaching economic , political
, and social reforms . Regardless of whether that promise is realistic , many consider her candidacy important for maintaining democratic continuity , whereas Ollanta Humala proposes to overhaul the political
system by drafting a new constitution . High interest rate compensate for the risk that Argentina might stop paying the debts or devalue the currency or both . Shadow banking is coming into the light ; new
derivatives regulation is entering into force ; capital requirements are going to be higher ; structural reforms and resolution authority are reducing subsidies ; and investors and consumers are better
protected . The reason is clear : Europe remains too dependent on the US for its defense needs . Argentine leaders were repeatedly warned that keeping the exchange rate constant and fixing the peso 's value
against the US dollar risked sending the economy into recession if the dollar gained value . Women hold around 30 % of economics doctorates in developed countries , including Europe , and not one of them
could be brought forward for the ECB post ? There is not one shred of evidence showing that more openness to trade increases poverty , but anti-globalists do not let facts interfere with their ideology
. Until that time , village level democracy will continue to inform and educate individual rural Chinese on the fundamental aspects of participatory government . He is considered a misogynist , with views
on women s role ’ in society identical to those propagated by the church in the Middle Ages . A study by the OECD last year seemed to confirm the Continent 's superior productivity . The death of postcommunism
in Poland has thus been greeted not with a bang but with a whimper . The Russian military leadership claims to be fighting against a party of 700 to 2,000 combatants . The narrow focus of the climate debate
on emissions reductions has worked against a clear focus on reducing vulnerability . The anti-Japanese demonstrations are a symptom of the old syndrome , fueled by grievances born at a time when China was
, indeed , aggrieved and humiliated . When I wear my headscarf or chador , people relate to me as an individual , not an object ; I feel respected . ” Consider high technology , where America is supposed
to excel . In the current crisis , China , India , and certain other emerging-market countries are coping fairly well . Sanctions , while useful , work only in the very long term , and a change in the balance
of power within the country is not foreseeable in the short term . So it is only a matter of time – and not much time – until Iran s neighbors ’ and the international community will confront a fateful
choice : either accept Iran as a nuclear power , or decide that the mere prospect , as it becomes more realistic , is leading to war . Addressing this two-fold challenge implies expanding the ability of
local communities to manage the natural resources on which they depend . Europe is backtracking on financial reform issues ; its policymakers are too preoccupied with holding the eurozone together . At the
same time , emerging markets would gain the full benefits of expansionary monetary policy in the US , to the extent that it boosts demand for their exports . To solve a problem , make it bigger , as Dwight
D. Eisenhower once put it . But , unlike in Pakistan , the army in India does not make foreign policy . The China Model is attractive not only to the country ’ s new coastal elites , but has global appeal
. This suggests the following solution to the banking crisis . Given that Chinese wages are rising at an annual rate of 15-20 % , productivity-adjusted wage rates in low-cost US states are expected to exceed
those in some coastal regions of China by only 40 % in 2015 . As we head into the second decade of the century , innovative ideas like using global savings or surpluses to finance infrastructure in emerging
and developing countries should be pursued seriously . Fifth , strengthen and build African centers of excellence . Despite the dismal condition of most scientific and technological institutions in Africa
, pockets of strength exist . · The EU and the US should wield more of their clout at the World Bank and other international organizations to link development grants to progress on press freedom and human
rights . The beacon of hope shining from Geneva should guide us all . And , of course , the resurgence of nationalism and extremism of all kinds around the world is a potent reminder , as if any were needed
, that peace is not to be taken for granted . But the prospect of war in Europe now seems like a remote threat , and the varnish of the EU ’ s past success seems to have faded , even to those who have
not forgotten the bloodstains beneath . PALO ALTO Wealthy Europe – and America , crown jewels of mixed capitalist democracies , are drowning in deficits and debt , owing to bloated welfare states that are
now in place ( Europe ) or in the making ( the United States ) . As Europe struggles to prevent financial contagion and America struggles to reduce its record deficits , their dangerous debt levels threaten
future living standards and strain domestic and international political institutions . Consider US arms sales to Taiwan . The cycle goes something like this : American or international pressure mounts on
Israel to stop settlement activities in the occupied territories . This type of party , committed to simple liberalization and opening , rarely moves beyond the range of five to ten percent of the vote
that Germany 's liberal Free Democrats attracts . But governments are not like households or companies . Professor Yu Keping , an influential Communist official and author of a prominent book called Democracy
Is a Good Thing , is said to have the ear of President Hu . LOS ANGELES Forty years – ago this month , more than 50 nations gathered in the East Room of the White House to sign the Treaty on the Nonproliferation
of Nuclear Weapons . In his memoirs , US President Lyndon B. Johnson called it “ the most significant step we had yet taken to reduce the possibility of nuclear war . ” If the government sells these permits
in an auction , the price of the permit would be a cost to the firm in the same way as a carbon tax and – with the same resulting increases in consumer prices . Indeed , it was precisely this logic that
me led to give a very dark forecast in a widely covered speech in Singapore on August 19 , 2008 , a month before Lehman Brothers failed . Instead , in the UK and elsewhere , the predictable MFF chest-thumping
that is now underway threatens to dispatch this kind of opportunity to the bin beneath the negotiating table . If this is the impact on Thailand , what about the young people and children of Burma , who
have been restricted from access to education , information , and health care ? But the majority is not always right . And times might change . The predictable suspect is former Colombian president Álvaro
Uribe . The Everlasting Schism The international community must say clearly that Islam is not our enemy and that terrorism must be fought in other ways . Muslim political leaders , for their part , should
declare just as openly that terrorism is not their choice . Women who plan to postpone marriage while building their careers are far more likely to want to ensure that they can avoid or end an unintended
pregnancy . Or it could rule that the German government s participation ’ in the ESM must be conditional on the ECB s willingness ’ to limit OMTs . This should be matched by the creation of “ supply capacities
” in developing countries , which requires production and trade sector policies that encourage structural transformation . Her defeat would be theirs , too , but their resentment over losing the nomination
to her is so far proving stronger than their political survival instincts . Not only do the US administration and its federal agencies have to accept that a safety standard established and tested in Frankfurt
or Athens is equivalent to its US counterpart ; congressional committees must agree . Ultimately , it is indeed good policies and stronger financial markets and other institutions that will help stabilize
and manage inflows . So , in much of Asia , we have seen fixed exchange rates for the last decade or more , the maintenance of some exchange controls on capital flows , and a massive increase in foreign-exchange
reserves . First , it can increase the amount of promised financial assistance . In recent weeks , leaders of various opposition organizations in Georgia , such as Antisoros and Fairness , have been jailed
on unfair accusations of plotting a coup on behalf of Russia . By endorsing such an initiative , the international community would demonstrate that it is in Afghanistan for the good of the local population
, which would help farmers sever ties with the insurgency . The already-concluded free-trade agreement with the EU would offer Ukraine badly needed market access and increased exports , but the EU will
not ratify it unless Tymoshenko is released and repression of the opposition and media ceases . The Union 's members should form a series of overlapping circles : different combinations of members should
be able to pool their responsibilities in different areas of their own choosing . The recommendation , which contains a long section trying to show that Japan s 1987 and 1988 experience ’ was not damaging
, will be read in China simply as a statement that the US wants China to follow Japan in committing what amounts to economic hara-kiri . The authorities have defied the International Monetary Fund , defaulted
on debts , and proudly proclaimed that Argentina has transcended traditional economics . It will be a down payment on a solid investment . In the interim , OMTs enable financial markets to start breathing
again . Interstitial lung diseases vary considerably in incidence and prevalence . An American war against Iran is plausible only as a response to a blatant and immediate Iranian challenge to vital US interests
, such as a major terrorist attack , an invasion of an ally in the Gulf , or disruption of the free flow of Middle East oil to the West . As these old democracies increasingly turn inward , they will become
less helpful partners internationally less willing – to sustain the multilateral trading system and more ready to respond unilaterally to economic policies elsewhere that they perceive as damaging to their
interests . Yet some other high-income countries , such as the United States and Canada , are not keeping up . Once again , hard decisions have to be made about debt restructuring and the provision of further
assistance to Athens . And once again , the Europeans have to accept that the situation is more serious than they thought . Complicating matters , the same act involving the same genes , muscles and so
forth , can sometimes be seen as criminally aggressive and sometimes as doing your duty . Take the case of the British soldier Lee Clegg who , while on duty in Northern Ireland , shot and killed a teenage
joyrider whose car failed to stop at a security check . It would be a mistake to respond by trying to take globalization to the next level . But , less than a year later , the referendum is de facto taking
place anyway . Australia is lucky to have a rich endowment of natural resources , including iron ore . Accordingly , countries can reduce health inequalities by introducing higher minimum incomes for their
poorest citizens and guaranteeing universal access to public services . What incentives could be provided to induce them to testify ? Whether Greece , Spain , and other euro-zone members will accept such
wrenching adjustments remains to be seen . Russia and its people can triumph only if Kremlin loyalists seeking his successor leave with him . Moreover , many Poles feel they have little to show for the government
s support ’ . But Arbuckle s career ’ was ruined , the victim of an ambitious prosecutor and a popular press that made money out of scandals . The most compassionate measure that the US , and Saudi Arabia
, should take is a form of political euthanasia . Increasingly , Indian nationalism means Hindu nationalism , which is based not on self-respect , but on a hatred of the " Other " - not just Pakistanis
, but all Muslims . Afghanistan , Iraq , Palestine , and now Iran : all seem to be under attack as part of the global war “ on terror . ” The short-term consequences of this may not be negative , since it
was a lack of agreement among the social partners that caused the structural problems of the 1990s to go unresolved . So the efficacy of enhancing property rights by rewriting domestic legislation - changing
the formal aspects of the institutional environment - is naturally uncertain . When emerging economies policymakers ’ were told that they needed to implement significant austerity , as well as widespread
bank closures , to cleanse the economy after a crisis , they did not protest , despite the prospect of years of high unemployment . As developing countries seek to create their own knowledge economy “ ,
” copyright and intellectual property rights will become more and more important . Real profits will be coming from innovations made within developing country themselves . Moreover , the risks to pension
funds may correlate with risks to other economic factors affecting specific groups of workers . Just as support from the West can bolster Egypt s democratization process ’ , neglect can undermine it . But
the realities of the twenty-first century necessitate a multi-dimensional and inclusive political perspective . Instead , these respectable supporters have gradually been replaced over the years by a shady
new class of rich Japanese , who have risen through loan-sharking and other dubious businesses . While many in the West contend ( and perhaps hope ) that China will not succeed in transforming its economy
, Xi and Li are acutely aware of the previous growth model s unsustainability ’ – and the challenges that changing it will entail . In the best case – without a sharp decline in financial assets accelerating
an economic downturn , a sudden collapse of a defective growth model , or even rapid increases in liabilities associated with demographic shifts or health-care technology – it might make sense to focus
only on controlling liabilities . To be sure , when a peace treaty was signed with Egypt , Jewish settlers were forcibly evacuated from the Sinai . Chinese leaders love pointing to Japan as the prime reason
not to allow any significant appreciation of their conspicuously undervalued currency . Western leaders “ forced Japan to let its currency rise in the second half of the 1980 s ’ , and look at the disaster
that followed . ” I , for one , believe that the death penalty radically negates the doctrine of human rights , which is founded on respect for life and the dignity of human beings . Central Asia ’ s economies
need greater access to their neighbors markets ’ , energy , and transportation infrastructure . Consider a developing country that has free and preferential market access to its largest neighbor , which
also happens to be the world s most powerful economy ’ . Suppose , in addition , that this country is able to send millions of its citizens to work across the border , receives a huge volume of inward
investment , and is totally integrated into international production chains . Cumulative figures for the last 30 years vary from $ 200-300 trillion . True , the West is no longer alone in dictating the global
agenda , and its values are bound to be increasingly challenged by emerging powers , but its decline is not a linear , irreversible process . Even concentration camps like Buchenwald changed their guards
and inmates but remained in use . The second is the Qassamits “ , ” young women who are engaged in combat training . Hamas timed these revelations with the disengagement to create the impression that its
intensifying military strategy had prevailed . By 2010 , the share of consumption in their GDP had declined , from 73.4 % to 67.1 % . If , instead of investing in the Standard &amp; Poor index of 500 largest
companies quoted on Wall Street , an investor put his savings in small , and often more innovative , companies ( the so-called " small caps " ) , his return would have gone up in the last 50 years by 6
% i.e. – by a mere15 % over the return on ultra-safe government securities . Nevertheless , they find that many of our biggest concerns will turn out to be trivial , or even beneficial . Ultimately , direct
dialogue at the highest levels should be a key objective . To be sure , there are many subtle signs of panic at the top about the state of the country s economy ’ ; but there is no hint that United Russia
has a new program to meet these challenges in Putin s ’ next administration , apart from more censorship of the Internet . But all signs of conflict within Russia s supreme leadership ’ of two Putin and
Medvedev – – have disappeared . Some manufacturing will move out of China , and Africa has a chance of capturing some fraction of it . This is especially significant , given that , over the last 30 years
, Sub-Saharan Africa has suffered from de-industrialization . The US lost its ability to play a more constructive role in the region following its ill-fated intervention in Iraq , while the Bush administration
’ s neo-conservative freedom agenda “ ” for the Arab world also backfired . While the US initially distanced itself from the more autocratic Arab leaders in a bid to support homegrown democratic alternatives
, when the only realistic alternative turned out to be political Islam , America quickly returned to its traditional policy of supporting the status quo . But search technologies that are based on statistical
algorithms cannot address the quality of information , simply because high-quality information is not always popular , and popular information is not always high-quality . You can collect statistics until
the cows come home , but you cannot expect statistics to produce an effect beyond what they are good for . The government , of course , is the consummate service-intensive sector . Government employees
include teachers , policemen , trash collectors , and military personnel . Sarkozy s trip ’ to Washington , and his address to a receptive US Congress , was one more step toward ensuring that they do so
together . Democracies suffer not only from their slow reaction time at moments of crisis , but also from the difficulty that they face in projecting themselves into the future and planning for the long
term . In the first round of French presidential elections , the extreme right and left received more than 30 % of the vote , with Martine Le Pen s anti-EU National Front threatening ’ to supplant the center-right
Union for a Popular Movement as the country ’ s new mainstream rightist party . In Greece , the party system ’ s dangerous fragmentation into a range of smaller groups , combined with the robust emergence
of a new anti-austerity left , Alexis Tsipras s Syriza ’ , and a neo-Nazi right , has plunged governance into to a state of total paralysis . One reason for doubt about the euro and the EU is that , since
the spring of 2010 , Europe ’ s leaders have rushed from one crisis summit to the next , each time devising supposed solutions that provided too little and arrived too late . Europe ’ s leaders have never
fully deployed their economic and political firepower . Europe ’ s Youth Unemployment Non-Problem The IMF Is Not the Problem First , some states have gained power in tandem with their increased economic clout
. Second , globalization has weakened the role of all states by enabling other entities to amass substantial power . The answer lies in a finely honed strategy , perfected over years , that juggles US demands
and the interests of local intelligence chiefs , mullahs , tribal leaders , venal politicians , and a host of fortune seekers . Africa ’ s French Roadblock First , rigid rules that wipe out shareholders
and penalize long-term creditors are a clear deterrent from bankers point ’ of view . Second , because IMF intervention would reduce the influence of powerful domestic insiders , early intervention would
be less attractive to them . Worrying excessively about global warming means that we worry less about other things , where we could do so much more good . The European debt crisis , for example , remains
far from being resolved . For example , Turkish Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan broke with tradition by displaying a critical attitude toward Israel ’ s more hawkish policies in the occupied territories ,
and did so without severing diplomatic relations with Israel . Yet , of the profoundest importance and benefit , we are also blessed with the enduring inspiration of Havel s life ’ in truth . They have the
right to know why America , and the world , was misled by false claims about weapons of mass destruction in Iraq . By that point , East Germany had hemorrhaged three million people – including many of its
most talented – as hundreds each day peacefully walked into the zones of Berlin that were controlled by the United States , the United Kingdom , and France . But it was probably in Hungary , the first country
to seek an IMF package , that these practices were most widespread . LONDON Much – has changed about official development assistance ( ODA ) over the last 50 years . That may sound obvious , but abandoning
price stability is exactly what some European politicians are advocating . This may be the right response if the inflows and upward pressure on the exchange rate are driven by fundamental factors ( a current-account
surplus , an undervalued currency , a large and persistent growth differential ) . By purchasing or selling it , companies and individuals can protect themselves against losses stemming from changes in
the value of their currency . The state is not a relic of bygone times , displaced by global accountability . The package may or may not prevent Spain and Portugal from becoming undone in a similar fashion
, or indeed even head off an eventual Greek default . MUMBAI – In most cities of South Asia , hidden beneath the grime and neglect of extreme poverty , there exists a little Somalia waiting to burst out
and infect the body politic . In my view , the most powerful argument to justify today ’ s high price of gold is the dramatic emergence of Asia , Latin America , and the Middle East into the global economy
. It is hard to listen to one s conscience ’ when one is faced with so much incredible temptation . Is the current gilded era of financial triumphalism over ? If I want to know whether it was possible that
Napoleon met Kant , I pick up volumes K and N and discover that Napoleon was born in 1769 and died in 1821 , and that Kant was born in 1724 and died in 1804 . The only way to cut your debt ( other than
by default ) is to get your economy to grow . Silicon Valley 's labor market flexibility indicates that nations that want to encourage high tech clusters should make it easy to hire and lay off workers
rather than mandate substantial severance pay , or legislate limits on working hours . Companies have stronger incentives to hire added workers when they are formed or expand if they can reduce employment
when demand turns down . The good news is that there are many ways by which improved incentives could reduce emissions – partly by eliminating the myriad of subsidies for inefficient usages . The US subsidizes
corn-based ethanol , and imposes tariffs on sugar-based ethanol ; hidden in the tax code are billions of dollars of subsidies to the oil and gas industries . Thus , corporations , as associations of individuals
, have the right to spend as much as they want to disseminate their views , including in support of electoral campaigns . Moreover , it is significant that the Court agreed , at the request of the parties
, to refer the case on appeal to its Grand Chamber . The LRZ would enable local people to improve their livelihoods though the production of agricultural goods , the efficient delivery of services , and
light manufacturing . One example is the Media / Most group which , for reasons unknown , was financed by Gazprom to the tune of more than half a billion dollars ! Americans , for their part , must accept
that a strong Europe will not be content to simply do America ’ s bidding . Indeed , as the US intelligence community s 2009 assessment ’ predicted , China stands to affect global geopolitics more profoundly
than any other country . An individual firm can cut wages without undermining demand for whatever good or service it produces . The tariffs that Obama imposed were considerably below what the USITC had recommended
. Not long ago , an American political analyst compared France s loss ’ of influence in Europe following its No vote “ ” in the 2005 referendum on the EU constitutional treaty with France s surrender ’
in 1940 . A provocative analogy , but is it apt ? These are some of the key questions that the European constitutional convention has to address . When the European enterprise started , there were three
small and three large countries ; but almost all the new members are small countries . After all , there is nothing magic about the number zero . The question now is whether the US economy is ready not just
to walk , but also to run and sprint . How do we explain the passion aroused by the campaign and by Sarkozy himself including the massive affirmation he received in the parliamentary election ? Most current
projections of a shift in the global balance of power are based primarily on one factor : projections of countries GDP growth ’ . They thus ignore the other dimensions of power , including both hard military
power and the soft power of narrative , not to mention the policy difficulties of combining them into successful strategies . Beyond government cooperation , the creativity and dynamism of businesses ,
NGOs and private citizens in both countries hold the key to what India and the US can offer each other and the world . Obama should tap the expertise and energy in the Indian and American private sectors
to foster public-private partnerships on complex global problems such as climate change , agricultural transformation , education and HIV / AIDS . But there is no reason to think that they are becoming
more ``scarce.'' In politics , they have gotten just that . How they will pay for their parent s pensions and health care ’ is unknown . As the US planned its invasion , securing the oil fields became a critical
priority . But Russia has made clear that it does not plan to pursue further reductions to its nuclear arsenal any time soon . Decisions on sanctions will be streamlined by a reverse majority rule “ , ”
under which a European Commission recommendation for decision is considered adopted unless rejected by a majority of the member states ministers ’ . Whoever emerges on top will have to present an effective
strategy to end four decades of military occupation and bring about a truly independent state that a majority of Palestinians can embrace . The regime response is to say that any outside monitoring is an
infringement on Egyptian sovereignty , and that domestic monitors are an affront to the integrity of the judges . Despite their shortcomings , income measures are useful in gaining a better understanding
of the extent of poverty and vulnerability worldwide . Yet part of that increased agricultural output resulted from millions of wells that were sunk to tap underground water supplies for irrigation . Some
Japanese politicians talk about revising Article 9 of the constitution , which restricts Japan s forces ’ to self defense , and a few have spoken of nuclear armament . The conclusions that we might draw
for the future depend heavily on how central banks and regulators react to the crisis . At present , financial firms are learning the lessons for themselves , reducing leverage and hoarding capital and
cash , whereas the authorities are trying to persuade banks to expand lending – precisely the strategy that led to the current crisis . That is all the more important in periods – like the current one –
of rapid change , high volatility , and only partly predictable systemic instability . Every country needs a CIO who can inspire its people with the power of information . We know what the impact of periodic
droughts have been on the lives of tens of millions of Africans . We can therefore imagine what the impact of a drier climate on agriculture is likely to be . There are many reasons to celebrate the current
democratic wave . I cannot propose a cut-and-dried plan , but three observations stand out . There was no realistic alternative , I concluded , to a future in which the leading national currencies , the
dollar and the euro , still dominated international transactions . Asthma has become increasingly prevalent in recent decades , affecting 2-20 % of children in Europe , and between 5 % and 10 % of adults
in Western Europe . In the poorest parts of the world where girls are still not in secondary school , they are married at a young age and have 6-8 children on average . BERKELEY Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao
– ’ s forthcoming trip to India , following hard on the heels of President Barack Obama s recent visit ’ , will provide another opportunity for the media to gush about the growing global economic clout
of China and India . Nowadays , most of the West senses the arrogant presumption at the heart of that old belief . Rather than reflecting a lack of political will to come together and speak with a single
voice on strategic issues – the conventional interpretation diverse voices – are the result of an implicit choice that Europeans make . The Bolivian economy has grown moderately under Morales s management
’ , owing to international demand and cash transfers from the state to local governments and individuals . These not only increase household spending , but also offer opportunities for trade , in both
the formal and informal sectors , making it the most successful policy in the fight against poverty . Indeed , we need to send a strong signal to our neighbors in the Western Balkans that their European
perspective is still alive , as reaffirmed by the European Heads of State in 2008 . Wearing a watch that costs 200 times more than one that does a better job of keeping time says something else , even when
it is worn by people who are not governing a relatively poor country . Andrew Carnegie , the richest man of Veblen s era ’ , was blunt in his moral judgments . When the recession is over , the US and virtually
every other country will have substantially higher debt-to-GDP ratios . At that point , it will be important to develop policies to reduce gradually the relative level of government spending in order to
shift to fiscal surpluses and reduce the debt burden . Finally , it is often claimed that high CO2 taxes and subsidies for green technology will actually do good , and again Denmark is often taken as an
example . In the absence of any viable route to US diplomatic engagement with Iran , the burden of organizing , convening , and conducting such highly sensitive negotiations falls on Europe . And European
leaders , as Iran knows very well , have other things on their minds . Year after year , the Russian Central Bank ( RCB ) blames the weather , the poor harvest , or other non-monetary factors for its feeble
performance in lowering the inflation rate . So we are left with the second part of the planetary heat budget : radiative heat escaping to space . An enlarged European Investment Bank could then co-finance
investments . First , there had already been a substantial flow of workers before enlargement . The United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change acknowledged this in its most recent renewable-energy
report . How is this fatalism manifesting itself , where does it come from , and what can be done to transcend it ? Some of these trends also have to do with the nature of modern technological change , which
seems to favor capital and skilled workers disproportionately . But , regardless of their cause , rapidly growing inequalities are a powerful force for instability everywhere , from wealthy America to
rapidly growing China to reform-challenged Europe . The colossal wealth that comes from oil makes producers no less dependent on oil than consumers . The big rush to jump on the Great Recession “ ” bandwagon
happened because most analysts and policymakers simply had the wrong framework in mind . Income distribution has skewed in favor of the rich for too long , and the government has failed to provide decent
public goods . With the contrast between the opulent lifestyle of the rich and the slow improvement of living conditions for the poor fomenting social tension , a serious backlash is in the making . In
support of this claim , he refers to the Flynn “ Effect ” – the remarkable finding by the philosopher James Flynn that since IQ tests were first administered , scores have risen considerably . The EU should
also take steps to improve its ability to conduct operations . Within the United States , all major presidential appointments must be ratified by the Senate ; even if rejections are rare , the vetting process
is important , for the president knows that he can go only so far . But the presidency of the World Bank is a rare presidential plum – an appointment that is not subject even to Congressional hearings
. And , while inflation is a concern – having risen to 4.4 % year on year in October , from 3.6 % in September – this cannot explain why the PBC raised the RRR three times earlier this year , when inflation
was lower . Few of the challenges that it raises can be met unilaterally ; more often than not , cooperation , compromise , and a degree of multilateralism are essential . True , neither of Dominique Strauss-Kahn
’ s two predecessors left amidst scandal as he did . Then again , both of those resignations suggested that the men in question had not taken the job seriously enough . President Barack Obama added the
47th – for green-energy job training – in 2009 . European Defense and European Solidarity While productivity growth usually is measured in fractions of a percentage point , wage increases have been much
larger . But private insurance companies could solve that problem by creating a new type of “ emergency insurance ” that would make enrolling now unnecessary and allow individuals to take advantage of the
wait-to-insure option . Meanwhile , all these international actors could help fund and train the Afghan army and national police . The recent moves by the ECB , the Fed , and the BoJ look like concerted
action . With all this discouraging news , it is little comfort that some areas of the world are still displaying considerable growth rates : China is expected to grow by 9.5 % this year and in 2009 , with
India growing by 8 % , Russia up by 6.5 % , owing to higher oil prices , and Latin America growing by 4.5 % on average during this period . Unfortunately , the weight of these countries and regions is
small ; China , the biggest of them , accounts for only 5 % of the world economy . Given the huge obstacles technological , economic , and political to – – acquiring nuclear weapons , states must have quite
specific reasons for wanting to go nuclear , such as the need for security against a regional threat or a perception that a superpower itself threatens the state s political independence ’ . Keynes was
an optimist in believing that governments could learn to manage the business cycle . If he fails to do so , he will be deemed a failure , and the Chinese Communist Party s political monopoly ’ may end sooner
than anyone anticipates . Yes , the principle of regulating bank capital seems sensible . Borrowing increases risk in any business : you can t go ’ bankrupt if you have no debt . Banks known to be healthy
can borrow at much less than 5.25 % . The recognition of an exit possibility reverses that basic process of forging bonds of loyalty . Some other attraction may appear . Moreover , the new rules will require
banks to hold more liquid assets . It is easy to guess which assets the authorities consider liquid : public debt . For three decades , the dividends from Deng Xiaoping ’ s initial decision to open China
s economy ’ to market forces , and to the world , have fueled rapid growth . Moreover , such fluctuations are amplified by borrowing in good years , so countries should resist foreign lenders who try to
persuade them of the virtues of such capital flows . Observing the fighting in Pakistan , the United States , Afghanistan , and India expect the Pakistani army to take on both the Afghan Taliban and the
Pakistani militants . Over and above these considerable advances , the treaty aims to make the EU more democratic . A group of citizens would be able to invite “ ” the European Commission to propose new
legislation . Those , like Netanyahu , who stick to the lunacy of a military operation against Iran , will not find a ready ally in Obama . The lesson is that if we are to continue to use the word " recession
, " we finally have to define exactly what one is . Is a recession a period of falling output alone ? This is where rules that impose term limits on officeholders , such as the Twenty-Second Amendment of
the United States Constitution , have their place . But even as evidence for such abuses becomes apparent , new venues for abuse are repeatedly opened up - take the US repeal of the Glass Steagall Act ,
which separated commercial from investment banking . Any agreement with Iran would require consent from Israel and the Gulf countries , which do not share the same objectives . For weeks the Bush administration
kept the report on abuses in Iraqi prisons from the American people by pressuring CBS not to air the photographs in its possession . Similarly , it was only through the use of the Freedom of Information
Act that the dramatic photographs of the coffins of US soldiers coming home were finally made public . The US Intense is certain to apply intense pressureis certain to be applied by the US for on-site inspection
and monitoring of Pakistani fissile material production at the enrichment facility at Kahuta , the plutonium production reactor at Khushab , and elsewhere . Today ’ s power plants use as a fuel a special
kind of Uranium , U-235 , which is burned in a chain process whereby the neutrons from one nuclear decay induce the next decay . By contrast , if developing countries cut their tariffs by the same proportion
as high-income countries , and services and investment were also liberalized , the global annual gains could climb as high as US $ 120 billion , with US $ 17 billion going to the world s poorest countries
’ . First , Brazil should adopt a medium-term fiscal framework that targets a gradually declining path for public debt , including a commitment to adjusting the target for the primary budget surplus accordingly
. There is a growing general global consensus that Europe is a pompous old has-been . But any examination of the protesters slogans and demands ’ clearly indicates otherwise . Romney is right to raise the
issue of subsidies , but he badly misstates what has happened in the US during the last four years . If fertility rates in relatively poor countries continue to follow the trends set by today 's relatively
rich countries , we are within shouting distance of the world 's maximum population-9-10 billion-to be reached in 2050-2100 . NAIROBI – If you happen to be a salamander known as the Iranian Kaiser spotted
newt , chances are that things may be looking up . Governments at the recent meeting in Doha of the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species ( CITES ) voted for a trade ban on Iranian Kaisers
, alongside tougher protection for a host of land-living creatures . Like Bear Stearns and Lehman Brothers before they failed , MF Global had huge short-term , repo-based debt . Governments will negotiate
a summary of the new IPCC report line by line at a special meeting in Stockholm at the end of September , with the main report to be published shortly thereafter . Two more major reports – focusing on
the challenges of adapting to the effects of climate change and how to mitigate the worst potential consequences through emissions cuts – will follow next year . They perceive Americans and Europeans as
being obsessed with money and material ambition , and they seem ready to accept some stagnation as the price of remaining truly Japanese . We now aspire to becoming the most significant health and life
science research center in Europe , owing to a remarkable cluster of knowledge based 5,000 researchers , an excellent medical school , 11 university hospitals , and a thriving biotech business environment
that already includes market leaders in diabetes and neuroscience . Runs by panicked investors have required central banks to undertake unprecedented lender-of-last-resort operations . The Chinese economy
’ s dynamism is highly dependent on exports , which would suffer greatly from a collapse of emerging markets . In fact , China , with its need for high growth to pay for social peace , may be the country
most at risk from a severe global downturn . Of course , this is simply a new wrinkle on an old practice , for North Korea has regularly used dummy companies to export missiles . The Algerian secularists
strategy ’ of exclusion , fraud , cheating , and gerrymandering backfired badly : Islamists were perceived as victims , while secularists – with some exceptions – were cast as unprincipled opportunists
. Enforcing a secular constitution before elections does not guarantee a secular outcome . Indeed , China offered South Korea a veiled warning that it “ should not sweat the small stuff , ” implying that
the unprovoked killing of 46 South Korean sailors is a petty matter , and certainly not one that will cause China to rethink its alliance with North Korea . Other cabinet ministers are no better , Kifaya
claims . “ If we want to keep on building the cars of the future here in America , ” he declared , “ we can t afford to see ’ the number of PhDs in engineering climbing in China , South Korea , and Japan
even as it ’ s dropped here in America . ” Indeed , including aggression would have required me to investigate and potentially prosecute the decision to go to war – inherently a profoundly political decision
. But the honeymoon period is coming to an end . And , while North Korea s communist system ’ and that of China have become profoundly dissimilar , some Chinese worry that a collapse of North Korea s order
’ could shift the battle lines of that debate . Still , an overwhelming majority of German ( and possibly Dutch and Finnish ) economists seem to favor keeping the ECB on the sidelines in the eurozone crisis
. When they try , we tend not to take any notice . Admittedly , Mesic had the advantage of being the temperamental opposite of Tudjman . CAMBRIDGE – The American economy has recently slowed dramatically ,
and the probability of another economic downturn increases with each new round of data . Of course , this approach presupposes two things that don t ’ exist at the moment : a common transatlantic approach
to dealing with Russia , and a European Union that acts in much greater unison and is therefore stronger . Russian political experts , pollsters , and consultants ascribe every success or failure in Russian
politics to " political technologies . " Their profession has become so important in recent years that there is now a special " Day of the Political Consultant " in Russia every February 25 . In fact ,
the scientific dispute reflects the real-world limitations of the concept of distinct biological species , which does not allow for interbreeding . But NATO ' s motives , benign or not , are no defense
to illegality . Meanwhile , the Hejazis , who originate in the holy cities of Mecca and Medina , are alienated not only from the political process , but also from the religious establishment because they
are not Wahhabi . For some health issues – such as elevated cholesterol screening – yields positive results : a simple blood test measures the amounts of good and bad cholesterol in the blood , making it
easier to detect related cardiovascular disease , which could lead to heart attacks or strokes . China , soon to be the world s second largest economy ’ , pays 0.7 % of food aid and a mere two percent of
overall UN costs . But these are not sufficient to rebalance the economy and restore its growth momentum . Simply put , one cannot sustain current levels of consumption and entitlements without crowding
out public-sector investment , unless one believes that the state s borrowing power ’ is unlimited , and that the intergenerational burden shift is unimportant . A week after the ministry s forecast ’ was
released , the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development Russia s largest foreign direct investor – ’ – followed suit , cutting its growth forecast for Russia to 1.3 % in 2013 and 2.5 % in 2014
. Hillary s Kissinger Moment ’ Emerging markets were initially tied to this distress only when foreign investors began pulling out their money . For them , such developments look like a trap that would consolidate
the ``infrastructure of terror.'' Experts say another 15 % decline is required just to return to the pre-bubble price path . The fault lies with how globalization has been managed - partly by countries ,
but most importantly , by the international community , including institutions like the World Bank , World Trade Organization , and the IMF , which are responsible for establishing the " rules of the game
. " Extreme poverty bred illiteracy and miserable governance , which in turn intensified hunger , disease , and instability . But , of course , Séralini s pictures ’ of cancer-addled rats munching GM corn
have instead been burned into the public imagination . Since the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979 , Pakistan has viewed the country as a source of “ strategic depth ” in its decades-old enmity with
India . That a pan-Islamic discourse has now replaced the cause of pan-Arabism is a major setback for moderate Arab regimes . Chu had ordered a $ 130 million cut in funding in 2010 for hydrogen and fuel
cell transportation technology . Those policy areas that citizens consider the most significant – in particular welfare and education – remain under the direction of member states . It is supposed to serve
the interests of the rest of society , not the other way around . Inflationary expectations are stable , and the Governing Council runs smoothly . IMF inspired policies in Indonesia led to a massive depression
, then to the elimination of food and fuel subsidies at the very moment when unemployment was soaring and real wages plummeting . But controlling supply is not enough . If all of Colombia s farmers ’ stopped
growing coca tomorrow , unrestrained demand by the world s 13 million cocaine users ’ would quickly generate as much cultivation somewhere else . Moreover , several risks lie ahead . I was also given vaccines
to prevent life-threatening infections such as polio and measles . But , just as optimists were too sanguine in the boom , ultra-pessimists probably go too far in forecasting a depression around the corner
. However , a constant concern has been to adopt these changes without corrupting Muslim culture – to become technologically adept and yet remain devout Muslims . This turn towards authoritarianism bodes
ill for the Turkish economy , despite its strong fundamentals . Even something as fundamental as Newton s law ’ of gravity is ultimately an approximation . During such a renegotiation , the two countries
would discuss in detail the most effective approach to tackling their shared challenges related to terrorism and transnational crime , in order to ensure that Egypt s increased military presence ’ in the
Sinai also enhances Israel s security ’ . Egypt s newly democratic government ’ would be more strictly accountable for fulfilling the treaty s terms ’ if it played an active role in establishing them . Football
may explain the world , but it does not improve it . Virtual enterprises are unusually innovative , and , in the business sector , they are possibly the only system that can build a one-off product well
. Instead , much of it will find its way abroad . Governments must continue to advance women ’ s rights through legislation , while civil society must promote a cultural shift that rejects women s marginalization
or mistreatment ’ . Only by enabling women to realize their potential can countries ensure economic and social progress . Which comes first , flag or faith ? Having been found guilty -- the conviction rate
in China is around 98 % , and is even higher in Tibet , so the verdict was never in doubt – he was sentenced to five years in prison . As the power of the Internet spreads through social and political networking
sites , and as virtual democracy grows , this bottom-up influence is likely to grow . Those who want to influence political leaders must get used to convincing their masters , the people , directly . The
allure of such appeals is that a crackdown on others tax avoidance ’ will mean that you personally will pay less in taxes . Such mistrust poses an obvious threat to trade and investment between Russia and
the EU . France , Portugal , and Spain have firmly declared that they will vote in favor of Palestine s status upgrade ’ , while the Czech Republic opposes it , and Germany will abstain . Markets will remain
skeptical , especially if implementation leads to street demonstrations , riots , strikes , and parliamentary foot-dragging . Until credibility is re-established , the risk of a speculative attack on public
debt – reflected in the current rise in credit default swap spreads – would linger , given the ongoing budget deficit and the need to roll over maturing debt . Some specialist cities could also do well
in this world . But , as Detroit , with its long dependence on the automotive industry , demonstrates , cities that are dependent on a single industry or on a temporary location advantage may fare extremely
poorly . Few argue that things are all wonderful with President Chávez . Deteriorating economic conditions at home implied stricter limits on American intervention abroad . Everyone expects some inflation
. After many years of contraction , investment in construction also will rise slightly . But a real threat " from the street " seems most unlikely . Japan ’ s monetary policy , one hopes , will focus on such
critical issues . After all , by far the most important factor determining whether our children and grandchildren will enjoy secure , healthy , and productive lives is whether the world s natural ecosystems
’ survive the pressures put on them by modern civilization . Attempts to defend amusement parks and circuses on the grounds that they “ educate ” people about animals should not be taken seriously . Such
enterprises are part of the commercial entertainment industry . That was , I think , part of the reason for many commentators doubts ’ about Bernanke s ’ continued suitability . To be sure , Russia has legitimate
security interests in what has been called its near abroad “ . ” But Europe s stability and commitment ’ to economic growth across the continent require that these interests be satisfied without economic
pressure or unilateral intervention . That requires contracts that do not come with a fixed expiry date . Will history really be so kind to Bush ? Like the rest of Korea , Dokdo was annexed by Japan in the
early twentieth century , and restored to Korean control after World War II , when Korea regained its independence . But the proposition that the ongoing sovereign-debt crisis on Europe s periphery ’ is
a reason to appoint a European is wrong . Moreover , recent analyses , carried out in conjunction with the establishment of the new BRICS bank , have demonstrated the woeful inadequacy of official assistance
and concessional lending for meeting Africa ’ s infrastructure needs , let alone for achieving the levels of sustained growth needed to reduce poverty significantly . PRINCETON Many people – who advocate
draconian measures to counteract climate change base their argument on the so-called precautionary principle “ , ” which holds that when a possible future disaster would be unacceptably severe , action
to prevent it is imperative . Cost-benefit analysis – balancing the cost of remedial action against the benefit of avoiding disaster – is no longer permissible . · the responsibilities of those who manage
the affairs of authorized persons ; Of course , this is not the first time that Asia has had to cope with the walking economic dead . In the meantime , we should not give up on trying to create these bonds
. For example , much progress in understanding sound and light resulted when scientists imagined them in terms of sea waves . But perhaps learning of Margaret Thatcher s death ’ in this place is grimly appropriate
, because it made me remember the imprisoned society of my youth that Thatcher did so much to set free . Both in the US and the EU , some spent more than they could afford , and others granted credit that
they ought not to have granted . But Americans blame irresponsible banks , while Europeans blame irresponsible southern countries like Greece . Marginalizing Malaria But it would also be less easy to reject
a call for greater burden sharing in the world . The dearth of pale actors , actresses , corporate leaders , and politicians confirms that a tan is identified with health , wealth , and power , rather than
the travails of the working class , as in the past . But staying out will produce nearly the same result and dramatically shake America s credibility ’ in a crisis-ridden region , with serious consequences
for the future . At the same time , the material brought back from land to sea include nutrients and trace elements that cause a boom among plankton , which in turn feed other marine biota . Locally , but
sometimes still at a grand scale , the shock waves cause major sediment slides on steep underwater slopes such as those of the continental shelves . First and foremost , there is the global savings glut
“ , ” an idea popularized by current Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke in a 2005 speech . Interestingly , the point of contention was not the candidates ’ stands on inflation , but their positions on
bank regulation . Our pension systems and our national budgets must be based on a ``generational accounting'' that assures that economic risk is spread systematically across generations. However , when they
saw that Hezbollah had limited demands and wanted Lebanon s Western-backed coalition ’ to continue to lead the government , they chose to make advantage out of adversity . The US and Saudi Arabia welcomed
the Doha Agreement and the election of the new president , and Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice flew to Beirut to express US support for the president and the Lebanese state . Now , 15 months into the
expansion , the level of real GDP is still lower than it was when the recession started . We know how to do this . Our record proves it – in Guinea , Kenya , and Kyrgyzstan . Once again the similarity with
what happened in Western Europe at the time of the euro 's implementation is striking . The government of Romano Prodi , having managed against all the odds to get Italy into Europe 's monetary union ,
fell three months later . CAMBRIDGE Europe – is now struggling with the inevitable adverse consequences of imposing a single currency on a very heterogeneous collection of countries . The second question
– why are some people attracted to radical ideas ? – has been explored by researchers and security practitioners , who generally agree that people are more inclined to accept radical ideologies if they
feel alienated . This is especially true of young people who have experienced real or even imagined discrimination . In China , people call it fazhan , or “ development , ” but in much of rest of the world
, it is more commonly described simply as the China Boom “ , ” or the China Miracle “ . ” The old guard in TRT welcome this suppression . Sixty countries , including the US and most EU states , have recognized
it . Instead of spending $ 1 billion a year , imagine spending $ 1.2 billion the first year , but , say , only $ 750 million in the fifth year . Colonialists and African independence leaders erred when they
ignored tribal preferences , rather than celebrating them and making them the cornerstone of a healthy democracy . The promise of 0.7 % means that the rich world would give developing countries a mere 70
cents out of each $ 100 of national income . A similar level of effort might be needed to ensure the continued flow of investment . The goal should be to create a World Investment Organization , which ,
by encouraging cross-border capital flows , would minimize the risk that “ investment protectionism ” impedes activities that , like trade , are economically beneficial and build political bulwarks against
instability . For example , the fanatical Red Guard movement swallowed up almost every youth of the right age . For example , the road map rightly acknowledges that the Israeli-Palestinian conflict cannot
be solved in a void ; regional considerations must be taken into account . Certainly the timing was bad : global stock prices began to collapse a few months later , and it took years for them to fully recover
. Having reduced the risk of a relapse into recession , the US economy is able now to move on its own power , though gingerly . The horrific collapse in the labor market has given way to consistent monthly
employment gains , albeit less than what is needed for a full recovery . Netanyahu was in the United States for yet another round of Middle East peace talks . The US offered various sweeteners to induce
Israel to freeze its West Bank settlement construction for another 90 days . ABalkan Monitor survey recently conducted by Gallup Europe gives suggests the state of public opinion in Serbia , Montenegro
, Macedonia , Albania , Croatia , Bosnia and Herzegovina , and Kosovo 20 years on from the fall of the Berlin Wall and a decade after the end of the Kosovo war . My office is open not only to Russian citizens
, but to foreigners and stateless people who feel their political rights have been compromised . Most others would – at the very least – demand a coalition government to reflect the existing diversity of
views . Legitimacy by election is particularly problematic in countries with what might be called “ endemic minorities . ” This stands in sharp contrast to the US , where half of all R &amp; D is associated
with services . Enough said . Post-Blair Britain is becoming a country for which wars that lack international legitimacy can only presage defeat and moral decay . Afghanistan is the battlefield , but the
causes of the wars that have devastated it since the mid-1970 s were ’ and are still to be found beyond its borders . With a diplomatic resolution ruled out , Japan launched a preemptive strike that annihilated
the Russian Fleet in Port Arthur and Chemulpo , Korea . Competition among countries for skilled individuals and profitable industries , in turn , constrains governments ’ abilities to maintain high tax
rates on the wealthy . The recent decision by the US to sign the Arms Trade Treaty could be a good start – if only Congress could marshal the bipartisan support needed to ratify it . But we were not equal
. There is , sad to say , a lack of sincerity on the part of governments across this continent when it comes time to give people the right to choose . For one thing , Mr Fischer made it clear at the time
that he was only expressing his personal thoughts , not speaking officially for the German government . Success in maintaining a fixed rate was touted as an attraction to foreign investors . The West , for
its part , stands to gain in myriad ways from a solid partnership with the Arab world to improve its societies economic future ’ . PARIS Walls – designed to keep people in or out – whether they are in Berlin
, Nicosia , Israel , or Korea – are always the product of fear : East German leaders fear ’ of a mass exodus by their citizens seeking freedom and dignity ; Greek and Turkish Cypriot leaders fear ’ of
continued war ; Israelis fear ’ of terrorism ; or the North Korean leadership ’ s fear of “ abandonment ” by their martyred people . To freeze a fragile status quo , to consolidate one s position ’ , or
to remain separate from others perceived as temptations or threats ( or both ) – such have always been the goals of politicians who build walls . Yet even German Chancellor Angela Merkel – clearly a pro-European
went – to the meeting with the explicit intention of barring the creation of other European powers in this field . The German-Russian agreement to build a gas pipeline bypassing Poland and Lithuania ,
with former Chancellor Gerhard Schröder leading the effort , has already harmed Polish-German relations , to say nothing of European cooperation . But EULEX should not stop there . The way to change such
a perception would be to marshal evidence against it , and to make the case that human rights – including the rights of women – are as well protected in Islamic countries as they are in non-Islamic countries
. By contrast , the US , in the face of slow growth , was content to sustain exceptionally high levels of consumption at the expense of personal savings , inflating a massive housing bubble that burst with
a very large and deeply disturbing bang . The Japan problem is far more serious . If it does not , we should make clear that we will lead the free world to avoid the senseless slaughter of any more Libyan
citizens by a madman bent on maintaining power . But what might Syria want ? As things stand , the US is likely to reduce its presence before Afghanistan is pacified and the mineral resources developed . Command
and control financing ( “ directed lending , ” as economists call it ) works well when it comes to building bridges ; it is a lot less effective when it comes to choosing what companies deserve to survive
. If they do , the age of oil will not end . China ’ s total fertility rate is estimated at around 1.5 , implying that the working-age population will begin to decline by the mid-2010 s ’ . Divergences between
euro-area economies in terms of growth and inflation have been a persistent challenge . China s New Latin Beat ’ China-US talks on defense cooperation had earlier stalled because of such arms negotiations
. They have since been restarted , an olive branch sent to the Obama administration by China s government ’ . The Warsaw talks are a staging post on the route to the 2015 United Nations climate summit in
Paris , at which governments will seek to forge an agreement that prevents dangerous climate change , defined as global warming of more than two degrees Celsius . Failure would expose future generations
to catastrophic climate risks , while trapping millions of people in poverty as a result of more frequent , intense , and protracted droughts , floods , and storms . Until The General Theory was published
in 1936 , social democrats did not know how to go about achieving full employment . Their policies were directed at depriving capitalists of the ownership of the means of production . So far , this problem
has attracted little attention . Iron deficiency , one of the most significant micronutrient problems , causes anemia , which makes people weaker and less productive . One after another , they abandoned
the gold standard , depreciating their currencies . Turkey is doing all that it can to alleviate the Syrian people ’ s suffering . Unfortunately , the international community as a whole has so far performed
poorly in providing an effective response to the crisis . China s leadership ’ needs to be even more far-sighted than Obama is . This simple logic has put American politics in the hands of the rich as never
before . This year , the country ’ s attention has been riveted by the surprise Oscar winning best picture , Slumdog Millionaire set – in India , with Indian characters , Indian actors and Indian themes
– which was nominated in ten categories . So Japan now opposes negotiating a second ITA , which it fears will further weaken political support for broad trade liberalization . The Bush administration has
been setting all kinds of records , such as the largest adverse turnaround in America 's fiscal position in the space of just over two years--more than $ 700 billion per year--from a robust surplus to
a yawning deficit . Europe does not increase its influence by berating the US for acting in its national interest ; Decent would-be Palestinian businessmen ( the potential backbone of a middle class ) are
destroyed . Racketeers flourish . We believe , as was recognized at the UN World Summit , that military force should only be a last resort when needed to prevent or halt large-scale loss of life . The question
, then , is whether there is any way to ensure that political leaders leave in time . Finally , in 1970 a splendid computer innovation enabled the proper alignment of amino acid sequences ( which is vital
to all subsequent data management ) . Yes , the US needs tax increases to move the federal budget into surplus and policies to boost private savings . One draws an analogy with Pearl Harbor , Japan ’ s attack
on the US in 1941 . The key question , of course , remains whether these values can be translated into a peaceful reality . These might sound like the same thing , but they are not . Twenty-First Century
Populism Provinces with high levels of private insurance coverage , on the other hand , had lower employment rates and slower wage growth . Incentive structures have been overwhelmingly aligned to short-term
performance . In the past , German governments rightly took pride in being seen by the smaller members as their best partner , essential for the Franco-German leadership to work . A watershed is a tipping
point , a turning point , a game changer . There are no guarantees that this time will be different . War today seems no better looking than before in Zagreb . Unfortunately , all this will take time , and
citizens impatient for jobs and growth are pressing their politicians . President Thein Sein s government ’ has , by its release of Suu Kyi and embrace of a democratic transition , transformed the country
s image ’ . Rapprochement with the iconic Suu Kyi , like that of South Africa ’ s apartheid-era rulers with Nelson Mandela , was the core decision . There is no excuse for keeping wild animals in amusement
parks or circuses . In an article last year in the US journal Foreign Affairs , Alan Blinder , a former advisor to President Bill Clinton and Vice-Chair of the US Federal Reserve Board , argued that the
process of globalization has the potential to cause massive job loss in the future . Given that electronic communications technology has a powerful potential to replace employees with others who are thousands
of miles away , we may now be seeing only the beginning of this process . Yet , in the euro crisis , the center ’ s responsibility is even greater than it was in 1982 or 1997 : it designed a flawed currency
system and failed to correct the defects . After years of solid and sometimes strong output gains – – since the 2008 financial crisis , the combined effect of decelerating long-term growth in China and
a potential end to ultra-easy monetary policies in advanced countries is exposing significant fragilities . While he announced that he would leave his military position “ if ” he was elected president ,
his track record of reneging on his promises haunted the judiciary . At the same time , it is important to pursue international efforts to develop rules of the road that can limit conflict . The most promising
areas for international cooperation today most likely concern problems posed for states by third parties such as criminals and terrorists . Modest steps in that direction were taken during the IMF meetings
in Singapore last September . It reached this zenith by surpassing cash-strapped Russia - long its only rival as a mass imprisonment society - after Russia released thousands of inmates so as to save money
. It is reasonable to believe that they are angry , feel humiliated or wronged , or all of the above . In the egg industry , hens can barely move at all , because they are crammed into wire cages , which
makes it possible to stack them in tiers , one above the other . Populists can live with representative democracy ; what they cannot accept is political pluralism and the notion of legitimate opposition
. Deep Blue shocked the champion , winning the match 3.5 to 2.5 . In Xinjiang itself , the current agitation is more social than nationalist in character , and targets cultural oppression ( Han Chinese by
now make up half of the region s population ’ ) rather than expressing aspirations for independence . Major oil exporters could respond in a variety of ways to political posturing on energy , most of which
would exacerbate rather than ameliorate the global energy situation . Palestinians will ask if it was really necessary to fight this war and pay such a high price . Abbas will be able to argue that he advised
Hamas to renew the truce and to end its missile fire on Israeli towns , but that Hamas insisted on exposing Palestinian civilians to devastation . There is some truth in both explanations of Eastern Europe
s backsliding ’ . The real aim of the sequester s advocates ’ is a smaller federal government – a goal that often is cloaked in the argument that excessive government spending is choking economic growth
. We also speak of waging aggressive war . Under the gold standard , the dollar was convertible into gold at a fixed price of $ 20.67 an ounce . While the high-tech sector at the top of the economic pyramid
is important , the traditional sectors at the bottom still form the foundation . There is no authoritative answer about what the right decision “ ” is , and no consensus among experts about the proper level
of exposure to these markets . In addition , the Constitutional Treaty gives citizens the right to ask the European Commission to take action on a specific point . A citizens ' initiative of this kind will
require one million signatures , obtained in different countries . Hope remains that Egypt will not become Algeria in 1992 ( or Chile in 1973 ) . All energy generators , including coal- and gas-fired plants
, make major demands on water resources . First , mounting an appropriate monetary response is easier when you have a single central bank . Under the gold standard , it still would have been possible for
central banks to reflate their depressed economies had they moved together . Suppose it would be possible to save the life of an innocent victim by executing such a criminal . The country was bankrupt and
His Majesty s colonial subjects ’ were growing restive . Regional autonomy , moreover , has not pacified ethnic tensions . And that implies an extended period of episodic economic disruption and political
upheaval far beyond this summer s debates ’ on America s debt ceiling ’ and Europe ’ s distressed sovereign debtors . All of the country s major rivers ’ are contaminated . Can America finally face up to
the perils of its strategy vacuum ? One does not naturally associate China with the quest for compassion . Like many European countries , the ECFR s Scorecard ’ observed that Germany ’ s efforts to deal
with the economic crisis left little room for foreign affairs . And the security fence “ , ” which was to allow for unilateral separation , may hold back suicide bombers but not modern missiles of the kind
currently employed by Hezbollah . Most important , significant gains in health could be attained with adequate financial resources . Their case for small-government libertarianism rested largely on those
claims , and has now largely crumbled , because the world , it turned out , disagreed with them about how it works . The other camp , call it the Macroeconomic Camp , views central banks as stewards of
the economy as a whole . That is precisely the problem for armchair warriors watching events unfold on their computer and television screens in Washington and New York . Housing payments are higher because
mortgages are of short duration ( an average of ten years ) and tight loan-to-value restrictions force borrowers to seek additional higher-cost loans from second-tier deposit institutions and non-financial
companies . Remarkably , the research suggests that a total of about $ 9 billion spent implementing marine cloud-whitening technology might be able to offset this entire century s global warming . ’ Even
if one approaches this technology with concerns – as many of us do – we should aim to identify its limitations and risks sooner rather than later . As lenders , banks lose when borrowers default . Violence
and Innovation The costs of the government s failure ’ to support farmers can be seen in the stunted bodies of children and the poor diets of adults , even in a year when Malawi is witnessing bumper harvests
of corn , the country s staple ’ . When I first began studying China at Harvard a half-century ago , China s leaders ’ trumpeted the superiority of their socialist command economy , which controlled every
aspect of life . Hostility between the United States and China , however , prevented students like me from actually traveling there . After all , during the Asian financial crisis in 1998 , “ we ” did not
come to their aid ; ten years later , “ they ” saved us . Kenya has installed a client regime in Kismayo , and has supported the new government in its quest to make Jubaland a semi-autonomous region , along
the lines of Puntland , Somaliland , and the many other self-declared proto-states that have emerged as Somalia has unraveled . Argentina is another country where journalists are on the defensive . Some
of the stockpiles are in fiercely contested areas . A courageous Western leader might confront Myanmar s leaders ’ with a threat that would really frighten them : deeper engagement . In recent years , with
its senior operations men captured or killed and bin Laden holed up in Pakistan , the badly splintered Al Qaeda had already lost the ability to mount a major international attack or openly challenge US
interests . With bin Laden s death ’ , Al Qaeda is likely to wither away as an organization . In fact , regardless of the balance of power between the regime and its opponents , Syria probably will not
reestablish a strong , centralized government for decades , if ever . Thus , many financial institutions , especially the largest , operate with an implicit government guarantee . Last September , the US
, together with France , sponsored UN Security Council Resolution 1559 demanding a Syrian pullout and the disarming of militias mainly Hezbollah – . This came after Assad last September imposed an unconstitutional
extension of Lebanese President Emile Lahoud s mandate ’ , despite French and American warnings . I , for one , find the underlying indicators more informative than the average . Moreover , there is an additional
source of drag . There is no turning back on its path toward full involvement in the global market , despite the current crisis . Indeed , the real challenge for China in the year ahead will be to find
ways to deal with growing global protectionism as the financial crisis and economic recession bite ever deeper in its main foreign markets . The world leaders who met at the UN in September for the annual
General Debate all agreed on a central point : the importance of fighting poverty , hunger , and disease is crucial for our collective survival . They know that extreme poverty threatens the lives of hundreds
of millions of people who lack reliable access to adequate nutrition , potable water , health care , and education . This is why Greece is insolvent and a coercive restructuring of its public debt is inevitable
. It is why Spain and Ireland are in serious trouble , and why even Italy which – is on relatively sounder fiscal footing , but has had flat per capita income for a decade and little structural reform
– cannot be complacent . But without democracy , no genuine , fair , and universally beneficial integration would be possible . Money wages will lag behind demand , I argued , only as long as the representative
firm is deterred from raising wages by the misperception that wages at other firms are already lower than its own a disequilibrium – that cannot last . As a result , still more sources of working and investment
capital are disrupted , amplifying the impact of domestic capital flight . The president of the European Central Bank , as well as the International Monetary Fund , acknowledge the gravity of the problem
. EU citizens can secure a clearer understanding of what the Convention should achieve by asking this question : how should governmental functions be divided between the EU and its member nations ? When
facing disasters , all of us feel a need to do something . But any summons to a Bretton Woods II conference “ ” must be concrete in its content . A global system for prudential regulation and supervision
; a revamped IMF managing a global reserve currency , coordinating global macroeconomic policy , and providing agile credit lines ; and an international debt court – all of these must be on the agenda
. While I hoped that they might be proven right , the recent stream of weak economic data , including May s ’ timid net job creation of only 69,000 , confirmed my doubts . RAMALLAH Direct talks – between
Palestinian and Israeli leaders are the most obvious way to achieve peace in the Middle East conflict . But history has shown time and again that a high-profile peace process alone is no recipe for success
. The hope is that if investors consider this announcement credible , long-term interest rates will come down further , encouraging spending . On the surface , at least , the mini-revaluation hardly seems
to have compromised China s ability ’ to bend exchange markets to its will . Raising interest rates to the sky won 't be credible because it would cause a recession and the ECB could not hold to such a
policy for long . All of them are strong supporters of Bush s bellicose foreign policy ’ , and all would campaign on the premise that “ fear ” has a greater emotional hold on the American electorate than
“ hope . ” They may well be right . Several large-scale telemedicine systems are now providing primary health and even cardiac care to rural populations . Moreover , India ’ s new rural employment guarantee
scheme , just two years old , is not only employing millions of the poorest through public financing , but also is bringing tens of millions of them into the formal banking system , building on India s
digital networks ’ . For example , registering property in Greece is more difficult than in Djibouti ; enforcing a contract in Italy takes roughly three times as long as it does in Vietnam ; and starting
a business in Spain takes roughly 3.5 times longer than in Azerbaijan . In Part II of the draft Constitution , a list of Likewise , regional stability is a prerequisite of China s stellar economic growth
’ , and military conflict would be a setback for US economic rebirth as well . But socialism is concerned about ordinary individuals . By contrast , the United States has provided little help for the millions
of Americans who are losing their homes . However , this division was far from absolute , and in the nineteenth century , Western Europe , Central Europe , and Russia were closely linked as a united cultural
and economic space , which grew and developed despite religious diversity and political upheavals . The next step will be forced exit from the euro and reintroduction of the drachma , implying a dramatic
drop in living standards , owing in part to immediate devaluation of the new currency and high inflation . Given rampant fear of Iranian influence , the movement for democracy in Bahrain and Saudi Arabia
is bound to be stifled with US connivance . The Saudi-led intervention in Bahrain is aimed at curtailing Iran s effort ’ to make headway in the region on the waves of Shia unrest . Mind over Market On the
contrary , before the Civil War you could start out splitting rails , light out for the Western Territory , make a success of yourself on the frontier , and wind up as President – if you were named Abraham
Lincoln . In the generation after World War II , you could secure a blue-collar unionized manufacturing job or climb to the top of a white collar bureaucracy that offered job security , relatively high
salaries , and long , stable career ladders . In both cases , there is no link between inflation and interest rates . This critique of “ masculinity ” also dramatically affected intimate relationships :
women were encouraged to express their dissatisfaction with men s refusal ’ to share “ ” their inner lives . Women complained of not being heard , of men disappearing after work to tinker in the garage
or zone out in front of the TV . China can purchase more industrial machinery , transport equipment , and steelmaking material , which are among its leading imports from the US . And thatraises another question
: whom can we trust ? On complex economic matters , trust had been vested in bankers ( after all , if they make so much money , they obviously know something ! ) and in regulators , who often ( but not
always ) came from the markets . To be sure , the government is ultimately responsible for determining the appropriate scale of defense power in line with fiscal considerations . Warmer , wetter weather
will improve conditions for the malaria parasite . Most estimates suggest that global warming will put 3 % more of the earth s population ’ at risk of catching malaria by 2100 . He pointed out a crucial
difference between the conceptions of mutual social ties in the Hindu and European systems . And Iran and Syria , for their part , have never been too happy with Prime Minister s Recep Tayyip Erdoğan s
aspirations ’ ’ to act as a broker in Lebanon , which they consider to be their strategic backyard . They reflect sensible investments that the government intends to pursue . She called that comment reckless
and untrue “ ” “ , ” because , “ That ’ s not what we ’ re doing there . Anxiety over unconventional monetary policies and “ currency wars ” must not continue to dominate global policy discussions , especially
given last month ’ s pledge by G-20 leaders not to engage in competitive currency devaluations . In the midst of the epidemic , 66 % of Mexicans believe that the country is regressing . Hezbollah has also
been shaken by the abduction and continued detention of a dozen Lebanese Shiites – some close to Nasrallah – by opposition forces in Syria . After agreeing to establish an office in Qatar exclusively to
host the talks , in June the Taliban opened a quasi-embassy of the Islamic Emirate “ of Afghanistan . ” It has set itself ambitious targets for the future and is taking the lead in seeking an international
comprehensive global agreement , including a very significant effort on funding . It is time for US citizens to commit themselves to working alongside the Obama administration to turn a new leaf in relations
with the Muslim world . In most other regions , ongoing political divisions have their roots in the Cold War or the colonial era . But , while green-energy subsidies generate more jobs in green-energy sectors
, they also displace similar numbers of jobs elsewhere . To an economist , the problem is obvious : polluters are not paying the full costs of the damage they cause . The challenge for China is to exert
its power and influence in a way that harmonizes with the US , despite widespread displeasure among Chinese at America s position ’ on a variety of issues , from Taiwan to the East and South China seas
. But that pledges requires complete , transparent cooperation with the IAEA . Instead , Iran has been playing cheat and retreat , in clear violation of Article II of the NPT . The drift in transatlantic
relations during the eight years of George W. Bush s presidency ’ was meant to be stopped and even reversed – . Consequently , several dozen legislators , led by the perpetual rebel Ichiro Ozawa , defected
from the DPJ , forming a new rump opposition party . To be sure , the arrest of General Ante Gotovina , adored by many Croats as a hero , but responsible for the brutal expulsion of a quarter-million Serbs
from Croatia and north-west Bosnia – the biggest ethnic cleansing in Europe since WWII – improves the ICTY s standing ’ . Our detailed analysis , conducted in 21 countries and regions over two years , suggests
that every region and sector must play its part . The same month , however , one of China s largest oil companies ’ concluded a drilling contract with Norway s Statoil ’ , clearly signaling that diplomatic
tensions would not stop business . So international climate policy needs a paradigm shift . Indian MPs still thump their desks in approbation , rather than applauding by clapping their hands . Today , most
of the Maghreb s economies ’ are virtual enclaves , cut off from each other for reasons that are often political in nature . Eventually , even countries traditionally suspicious of “ government by judges
France ” – being the classic case – accepted this model of constrained democracy . And virtually all Central and Eastern European countries adopted it after 1989 . This should not be impossible , because
both Saudi Arabia and Yemen have moderate , indigenous Islamic traditions that can be mobilized against jihadism . Of course , when Obama arrives in Beijing , he must continue to strengthen cooperation
with China . Moreover , for developing countries that were foolish enough to sign such agreements , the evidence is that the benefits , if any , have been scant . In South Africa s review ’ , it found that
it had not received significant investments from the countries with which it had signed agreements , but had received significant investments from those with which it had not . Finally , adverse contagion
is extending beyond the 17 countries in the eurozone . Deception by the Boatload Indeed , atheists and agnostics do not behave less morally than religious believers , even if their virtuous acts rest on
different principles . Non-believers often have as strong and sound a sense of right and wrong as anyone , and have worked to abolish slavery and contributed to other efforts to alleviate human suffering
. Investors in Europe s troubled economies ’ are already getting enough as it is . On June 18 , the United Nations intergovernmental Human Rights Council ’ took an important step toward eliminating the artificial
divide between freedom from fear and freedom from want that has characterized the human rights system since its inception . By giving the green light to the Optional Protocol to the 1966 International
Covenant on Economic , Social , and Cultural Rights , the Council has established an important mechanism to expose abuses that are typically linked to poverty , discrimination , and neglect , and that
victims frequently endure in silence and helplessness . In this sense , Europe has come to see itself , at least in part , as an alternative dream for everyone who had stopped dreaming about America . Democracies
make shameful mistakes , but they eventually correct them , or at least apologize for them . · Independence should be recognized only if a clear majority ( well over 50 % -plus-one of the voters ) have
freely chosen it , ideally in an unbiased referendum ; Excessive state spending , heavy regulation , and dangerously high taxes have helped create the state s economic woes ’ . The top personal income-tax
rate ( also levied on capital gains ) , the sales tax rate , the corporate tax rate , and the gas tax are all at or near the highest of any state . But Europeans do not have to agree on everything to find
a common course . These developments are motivating American and European investors to rethink their strategies in Africa , prompting a terms-of-trade revival and generating interest in Africa ’ s expanding
regional markets . From the start , he declared that the attacks on New York were directly aimed at his country . Even within countries , say Tanzania where the mainland and the island of Zanzibar are usually
at loggerheads , there are often radical differences in opinion and approach . It is the purpose of political parties to run on political programs , and , if elected , to transform their programs into government
policy . Notwithstanding booming oil and gas revenues , its infrastructure remains underdeveloped , and successful economic modernization is a long way off . The fundamental problem is simple : the market
cannot be brought back into equilibrium when savers do not want to lend to those who would be willing to take these savings . The LRA , which first emerged in northern Uganda in the late 1980 s ’ , is blamed
for at least 30,000 deaths and the displacement of two million people . Repo debt seems to have made up an astounding one-half of MF Global s balance sheet ’ . While military intervention in Syria may be
impossible , imposing a no-fly zone is not . In fact , the government inexplicably replaced regular army troops with border police in 2010 to patrol the mountain-ringed plateau into which the PLA has now
intruded . WASHINGTON , DC America – ’ s Tea Party has a simple fiscal message : the United States is broke . Obama s first foreign excursion ’ after the election will be to Laos to attend the East Asian
summit , a trip that is perceived as part of his administration ’ s pivot “ ” to Asia . He will also visit Myanmar ( Burma ) in an effort to lend support to that struggling country ’ s extraordinary changes
and encourage further progress . Unless growth is restored , France ’ s already large public debt will expand unsustainably , heightening the risk that investors will shun French government bonds . With
communism s collapse ’ and Russia temporarily disabled , self-deterrence softened , and the US ran off the rails as the global hyperpower . The second implication is further postponement of the International
Monetary Fund ’ s 2010 quota and governance reforms , which would double member countries contributions ’ and modestly increase major emerging economies ’ voting power . Prior to its approval by the IMF
Board in December 2010 , the reform , agreed at the G-20 Seoul Summit , had been hailed as a historic breakthrough “ ” . He will need this quality to make bold moves on the peace process as well . This can
and must change , but it requires a grassroots movement that uses blogs , online magazines and newspapers , book clubs and meet-up clubs , and anything else that might work to promote educational opportunities
to develop critical-thinking skills . After all , we do know that it is our future . LONDON – With Labour trailing the Conservatives slightly in opinion polls , the British election on May 6 could well
produce a hung parliament “ ” , in which neither major party obtains a majority and the Liberal Democrats hold the balance of power . Depending on which party wins more seats , either Labour s Gordon Brown
’ or the Conservatives David Cameron ’ will become prime minister with the Liberal Democrats support ’ . VIENNA Nuclear power – has become safer since the devastating accident one year ago at Fukushima
, Japan . It will become safer still in the coming years , provided that governments , plant operators , and regulators do not drop their guard . He assured Chinese leaders that the United States is committed
to honoring all its debts , despite its recent credit downgrade ; he talked enthusiastically about US-China interdependence ; and he showcased his granddaughter , who has studied Chinese for several years
, as a future bridge between the two countries . Today , the eurozone is on its way toward implementing a banking union , probably followed by a fiscal union , which in turn will lead to a genuine political
union that centralizes sovereignty over essential economic policymaking . In fact , porn is so specifically tuned to the tastes of consumers that shifts can indicate changes in a society almost immediately
. President Kim has needed all the powers of the presidency to push reform along this far . No matter : he kept his profile high by asking to meet America 's Ambassador , saying that he knew of a Polish
role in the events of September 11 th . And among the most reliable is Europe . But Europe is preoccupied with its own economic problems , which have pressed European leadership to the breaking point . Thus
, those of us who value Georgia s historical ties ’ with Russia are called , at best , “ archaists , ” and at worst enemies “ of Georgian independence , ” as if Georgia would become a Russian colony if
we ever came to power . But what separates us from Saakashvili is that we understand that history , geography , and economics dictate close ties to Russia . NEW YORK Where – is the American and global economy
headed ? But governments all over the world are always convinced that their expansions can be substantially financed by efficiency gains , and that dream usually proves chimerical . After experiencing the
benefits of democracy and freedom of expression , Taiwanese are unlikely to want to settle for anything less than the open society that they have today . Indeed , with increased contact between Taiwan
and the mainland , ordinary Chinese could begin to envy the modern democracy that the Taiwanese people have built – and spread the idea of an open society to the Chinese mainland . In principle , it would
be hypocritical to advocate democracy and at the same time the exclusion of Islamists from peaceful political participation . The two world wars and the Cold War shaped European integration as a project
of peace , defense of the West s fundamental values ’ , and common economic prosperity . The right responses to these opportunities and risks require a united , strong Europe . Indeed , a strong and united
Europe will also make an important contribution to Russia s sustainable modernization ’ . Moreover , they all criticize the Clinton-era practice of routinely clearing America s policy positions ’ first
with Israel , which is hardly likely to win Arab confidence or support . First , if “ soft power means exercising influence ” because “ others want what you want , ” as Joseph Nye puts it , then women the
world over want what American feminists began fighting for three generations ago . Expectations of aggressive QE by the Fed have already weakened the dollar and raised serious concerns in Europe , emerging
markets , and Japan . Moreover , an unfunded liability path , once taken , is hard to leave , because at the point of departure , some generation is paying for past commitments and at least beginning to
fund future ones . Lack of domestic competition is also to blame . This little equation is evolutionary biology s version ’ of e = mc2 . The rulers argued that public protests throughout the region were being
orchestrated by Shia Iran , and were anti-Sunni and sectarian . The threat of chaos , evident now in Libya , Syria , and Yemen , also weighed in the royal family s favor ’ . A new report from the Breaking
“ the Climate Deadlock project ” , a strategic partnership between my office and The Climate Group , shows how major reductions even by 2020 are achievable if we focus action on certain key technologies
, deploy policies that have been proven to work , and invest now in developing those future technologies that will take time to mature . But now Strauss-Kahn is throwing cold water on proposals to tax international
flows of “ hot money . ” But increasing its resources to a trillion dollars or more is not a realistic option , either . The IMF does not have an adequate framework for handling the massive defaults that
could easily attend a huge surge in lending , much less the political will to distinguish between countries that are facing genuine short-term liquidity problems and countries that are actually facing
insolvency problems . British Airways , for example , has asked workers to work for an entire month without pay . India s leaders ’ should make the same pledges , and should also join other nuclear powers
in signing the Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty . Building an ontology encapsulating the world s knowledge ’ may be an immense task , requiring an effort comparable to compiling a large encyclopedia
and the expertise to build it , but it is feasible . Several start-up companies around the world , like Hakia , Cognition Search , and Lexxe , have taken on this challenge . Stephen King , Group Chief Economist
of HSBC , notes that when he asks recent university graduates ( and HSBC recruits a large number of them ) how much time they spent in lectures and seminars on the financial crisis , “ most admitted that
the subject had not even been raised . ” An explicit remedy is to raise revenues through higher contributions , increased labor force participation , stronger productivity growth , or larger transfers from
general tax revenue . Alternatively , the number of working years required to qualify for a full retirement benefit can be increased . Consider a struggling firm that is trying to improve its competitive
position . One strategy is to lay off some workers and outsource production to cheaper locations in Asia . Rich countries would buy bed nets from companies that produce them and work with African governments
to distribute them free of charge to every African household . And they would work with African governments to ensure that the correct medicines are available for quick use within each village . These entertainments
“ ” are not filmed and published by bureaucrats from Brussels or by representatives of international institutions , foreign states or large international corporations : they are marketed by citizens to
fellow citizens . More than half of French naval forces were deployed during the Libyan crisis , during which their normal activity rate increased by 10-40 % – at a cost of € 40 million ( $ 50 million )
, not to mention disruptions of standard training and maintenance . Other countries did not drop to Argentina 's level , but creditworthiness is an issue almost everywhere in Latin America . Similarly ,
standardized tools produced by both Neanderthals and Moderns appeared 80,000 years ago . The Occupy Wall Street movement began two years ago this month . While it can be criticized for its failure to develop
a specific agenda for action , it galvanized attention to income and wealth inequality in the US and around the world . He can scold – a tack that Francis has so far tried to avoid – but he cannot convince
. There are nonetheless signs of modest progress . According to the Palestinian Economic Council for Reconstruction and Development ( PECDAR ) , annual per capita income in Gaza continues to average roughly
$ 700 , while Israelis enjoy incomes averaging a $ 16,000 per capita . In the absence of relatively well-paying jobs , what will happen to the lines of unemployed Gazans ? So diplomatic efforts must instead
aim to join Americans and like-minded Asians in common cause , to push for steps forward in the medium to longer term . But shouldn 't the EU have only a single representative ? I would get back to the central
issues . How can we ensure that technology meets the needs of the poor and does not simply increase the divide between laptop-owning , Blackberry-using Westerners like me and the poor in India or China
? One is related to the readiness of the two major nuclear powers , Russia and the United States , to move from the stockpile reductions to which they agreed in the New START treaty to complete elimination
of their nuclear arsenals . Of course , stability requires agreement between the two key actors ; and there are sure to be plenty of opponents and allies trying to stir up trouble between them . But Putin
and Medvedev have worked together for more than 17 years with no serious conflicts . Amidst this undeniable progress , however , remain widespread poverty , disease , and illiteracy . The changes that we
are advocating are designed to target specific areas of need instead of strengthening health system capacity . But there is an important exception : strengthening surgical capacity , particularly in local
hospitals , can inexpensively ( and often decisively ) address abdominal conditions . Eastern Europe ’ s transformation after 1989 took a lot longer and was much more costly than originally envisaged . Pushing
countries to liberalize their capital markets and open them up to speculative capital flows is one example . We really do need to ask whether Obama is trying to play a China card to shift the electoral
scales in his favor . It is more difficult to compare the reduction of suffering brought about by correcting a facial deformity with saving a life . Each anniversary of the bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki
reminds us that memory is not morally neutral . Many of those now objecting to the prosecution of Bashir participated in the decisions leading to the indictment . Together with the World Bank , we established
the Roma Education Fund in 2005 . In Germany and Italy , fascist parties came out on top , while elsewhere , dictators were backed by armies or kings . Recently , I visited an ambitious project to promote
energy-saving lighting in China . By phasing out old-fashioned incandescent light bulbs and introducing a new generation of lighting , China expects to cut national energy consumption by 8 % . When the
world 's leaders met at the Millennium Summit four years ago , they agreed on a set of goals aimed at cutting global poverty in half by 2015 . But there is a real risk that the government will mistake this
measure for the end of the reform process . In fact , it is – or should be – only the beginning . Darwin s vision ’ of the world deeply influenced biology in the twentieth century , despite persistent questions
posed by factors such as lateral gene transfer , neutral evolution , and chaotic bottlenecks in natural selection . But recent genetic research unequivocally refutes this worldview . From the banks perspective
’ , that means that capital is trapped in subsidiaries , and cannot be optimally used across its network . In ninety days , these organizers turned out more than 5 million protestors worldwide . Indeed ,
Obama s most important priority ’ must be to show that America is back in the business of exporting hope rather than fear . It is doubtful whether Israel has the capacity to forge an international alliance
that would adapt the rules of war to the conditions of asymmetric warfare . Unfortunately , Germany – like most of the world – is not as sunny as the Sahara . And , while sunlight is free , panels and installation
are not . The situation in Iraq is improving but is by no means assured . Independent media and freedom of speech have not been restricted in Ukraine , and elections since 2004 have been judged free and
fair by both international observers and the parties themselves . All this cannot be taken for granted in Eastern Europe . And Assad knows full well that it will be impossible to avoid further border incidents
unless he is prepared to allow the Free Syrian Army to use Turkey as a safe zone . The risk that the judges could rule the ESM illegal played no small part in efforts made in recent months by Chancellor
Angela Merkel and President Nicolas Sarkozy to bind the EU to a revised and more intrusive economic governance framework , effected through an amendment to the existing treaties . It raised the stakes for
the island s pro-independence camp ’ and increased the risk of a cross-Strait military conflict . Eurobonds or Bust In September and October , the country ’ s strategic forces engaged in their largest nuclear
weapons-related exercises since the Soviet Union s demise ’ . So the prior condition for setting up and joining an international force for Southern Lebanon must be that Israel renews its commitment to the
road map and negotiations “ ” with the Palestinians for a viable Palestinian state . With this aim in mind , it must enter into talks with democratically elected Palestinian representatives . BERLIN – Will
the eurozone crisis end in 2013 , or will it drag on throughout the year , and perhaps even deteriorate anew ? This is likely to be not only the crucial question for the European Union ’ s further development
, but also a key issue affecting the performance of the global economy . He , like William Hague and George W Bush , is promising to slash taxes . He had no choice . To cope with the transnational challenges
that characterize a global information age , the international community will have to continue to develop a series of complementary networks and institutions that supplement the global framework of the
UN . But if major countries are divided , it is unlikely that even network organizations like the G-20 can set the agenda for the UN and the Bretton Woods financial institutions to act upon . A shrinking
economy makes private and public debt look less sustainable , which does nothing for market confidence . But China ’ s soaring growth , seen in contrast with stagnation in Latin America ’ s economies ,
has awakened governments and businessmen across the region . Although women ’ s soccer in Africa is as old as the republics themselves ( the first teams appeared in West Africa in early 1960 ) , soccer
on the continent is still a man s sport ’ . Most African wives dread the season . Its one positive effect was to launch an effort to reform the international monetary system . Moreover , India can claim
a great deal of pride in the fact that the last two presidents were from minority populations one – from the lowest of castes ( Harijan , formerly referred to as “ untouchables ” ) , and another one from
the Muslim community . That crossroads exposed a deep cleavage between the young , self-confident Israeli-born generals , who were spiteful of the older generation s submissive attitude ’ “ ” , and the
Diaspora-born politicians who , haunted by Holocaust memories and existentially fearful of international isolation , resisted making a break with the old politics of diplomatic Zionism . Yet , while most
Arab regimes now appear threatened , only two authoritarian rulers Zine el-Abidine Ben Ali – in Tunisia and Hosni Mubarak in Egypt – have been actually deposed so far . But some of them appear to have graduated
“ ” toward a stability rooted in sustainable governance . If we allow food to be used to produce bio-fuels , food prices will be linked to the oil price , as the head of the German farmers association happily
announced . For the first time , the G-20 , the world s 20 leading economies ’ , came together in Washington , D.C. , to find an answer to the global financial and economic crisis . Then I got a couple of
e-mails from other friends , forwarding messages from people I didn ’ t even know , with a few cc s ’ to some familiar names . But Indian society , which comprises more than 1.2 billion citizens , is hardly
homogeneous . Indeed , no one not Russia – , the US , Iran , Saudi Arabia , or other external patrons of either the regime or the opposition – can guarantee that Geneva II will succeed . And large deficits
and high debt levels decrease the prospects for a long boom . This assertiveness has been on full display under Prime Minister Shinzo Abe , who has vowed to attack Japan ’ s prolonged economic morass using
“ three arrows ” : expansionary monetary policy , aggressive fiscal policy , and structural reform . A noble dream just several years ago , the elimination of nuclear arms is no longer the idea only of
populists and pacifists ; it has now been adopted by professionals politicians – known for their realism and academics known for their sense of responsibility . Ten years ago , Samuel Huntington argued
that the fault lines of world politics in the post-Cold War era are mainly cultural - a ``clash of civilizations'' defined by five or six major cultural zones that can sometimes co-exist but will never
converge, because they lack shared values. Unfortunately , not all are equally interested in open borders and close cooperation : Turkmenistan stands aside and Uzbekistan s borders ’ remain substantially
closed . The first such cause is the legacy of colonization . Chavez is no longer a lonely populist . Second , Germany ’ s law on the introduction of the ESM obliges Germany ’ s representative on the ESM
Council to vote only after having asked the Bundestag for a decision . The foreign secretaries of India and Pakistan met in New Delhi recently , after a gap of more than 15 months , the terrorist attacks
of November 11 , 2008 having frozen bilateral relations between the two countries in suspicion and mutual recrimination . But they are energetic , mobilized , and experienced fighters . These people increasingly
identify themselves with the global jihad , and have forged firm links with Muslim radicals in the Middle East , Southern Asia and Europe . If the US government had been compelled to abide by the same accounting
rules as the private sector does , it would have been forced to consolidate Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac – the giant government-backed mortgage companies at the heart of the recent financial crisis – and
to report all contingent liabilities at market value . Although Kenya has a well-functioning and well-funded agricultural research system , the government has not even permitted field tests of GM crop varieties
. Indeed , Taylor continues to incite trouble . Neuroscience – the science of how the brain , that physical organ inside one s head ’ , really works – is beginning to change the way we think about how people
make decisions . These reforms put the economy on a higher growth trajectory , with average real GDP growth hitting 6 % over the last decade , compared to under 4 % average annual growth in previous decades
. Facts on the ground do seem to support these perceptions . IDF officials argue that some level of human rights violation is inevitable during occupation , and that the IDF s record ’ is not much worse
than any other occupation army . There is probably nothing more destructive to friendly relations among democratic states than behavior by an ally that causes the other side to lose face at home . After
all , it was Merkel who tried to calm the waters after the NSA scandal first hit Europe this summer . The American public is simply not being asked to make any serious sacrifices . In Colombia , the routine
is simple : journalists who subsist on income derived from selling advertising space to government agencies call officials in the morning to get their story ; later , when they must attempt to sell the
same officials advertising , they find out the real cost of independent news coverage . That daunting task begins by developing the state institutions required to respond to Libyans needs ’ . Enlargement
of the European Union to include the first batch of applicant countries is now within reach as more and more chapters are closed in the bilateral negotiations . To be sure , China may have a strong tendency
to create bubbles , partly because people in a fast-growing economy become less risk-averse . Israel has yet to produce a single written document outlining its position on the territory that will become
a Palestinian state alongside Israel . As European Central Bank data shows , average per capita GDP in the accession candidates is 44 % of the eurozone level . The size of the income gap combines with the
small growth differentials to imply that the process of real convergence will extend far beyond even the most cautious dates for EU and EMU entry , probably lasting several decades . While Yomiuri s unique
public effort ’ is not a government initiative , it comes as close as Japan will probably ever get to conducting an acceptable official inquiry “ ” and offering an adequate apology . Indeed , for the past
seven years America ’ s foreign policy seems to have been conducted entirely through the prism of the war “ on terror ” and the Iraq war . The massive wall of liquidity that has resulted has triggered inflation
, sent real-estate prices soaring , and fueled a sharp rise in debt . Germany s third illusion ’ is that the current crisis is ultimately a euro crisis . While it is tempting to scapegoat the common currency
, the fact is that the euro has brought huge economic and financial benefits to Germany , owing to increased trade , greater price stability , more competition , and improved efficiency . Last month , President
Hu Jintao of China called for the realization of sustainable development and decent work by advancing economic globalization “ in the direction of balanced development , shared benefit and win-win progress
and to make sure that international economic , trade and financial institutions provide favorable conditions so … that the 21st century is genuinely a century of development for all … to realize sustainable
development and for the vast majority of workers to enjoy decent work ” . But such innovations have their limits . Schröder has been representing a moderately left political platform and agenda , one comparable
to British Prime Minister Tony Blair 's New Labour philosophy or former US President Bill Clinton 's centrism . In addition , it felt aggrieved by plans for further expansion of NATO , a proposed ballistic
missile defense system in Eastern Europe , and Western recognition of Kosovo s ’ secession from Russia s ally ’ , Serbia . But man was not alone in feeling the impact . Europe , in fact , might be on the
verge of a major political re-alignment if the French vote No and Tony Blair wins big in the forthcoming UK election . With Chirac down and Blair up , an Anglo Saxon-German alliance might well replace
the present Franco-German one . • the level of participation in the labor force ; The highest council of Saudi religious scholars recently declared demonstrations to be categorically un-Islamic . Confronted
with the possibility of mass demonstrations on March 11 the so-called Day – of Rage on a Facebook page – the Saudi rulers enforced that ruling by deploying massive numbers of security forces in the streets
. This would truly be the end of ideology at last , were it not for the new challenges arising from the temptations of various kinds of fundamentalism . Losses from weather disasters are increasing , but
the reason isn t ’ climate change – as many of us assume – but demographics . It would ignite an already incendiary part of the world , with the added risk of global economic collapse if the Strait of Hormuz
, through which one-fifth to one-third of the world s oil passes ’ , is blocked . Only devaluation restored growth to these countries . If that was supposed to be a better outcome than an earlier termination
of the pregnancy , it is hard to see for whom it was better . Perhaps non-governmental organizations ( NGOs ) like Oxfam or Mothers against Land Mines suggest a way . But there has clearly been a great deal
of reliance on this strategy , with companies shedding employees not only because they must , but often because they have not met Wall Street analysts ’ financial expectations . Fiscal expansion is always
risky , as it adds to debt and raises dangers later . But , given where we are , the benefits exceed the costs in countries with sustainable debt . Perhaps the most shattering lost illusion is the fact
that the bombings occurred in the heart of the al-Saud 's home-base in the Najdi region , which indicates that the enemy within resides nearer to the throne than anyone suspected . This feedback has nothing
to do with the debt-to-annual-GDP ratio crossing some threshold , unless the people who contribute to the feedback believe in the ratio . To be sure , the ratio is a factor that would help us to assess
risks of negative feedback , since the government must refinance short-term debt sooner , and , if the crisis pushes up interest rates , the authorities will face intense pressures for fiscal austerity
sooner or later . Spain is still a young society , but a society without children is doomed . It appears ( at least in experimental situations ) that experimental subjects are not as selfish as economists
have hypothesized--except for one group - the economists themselves . In the first edition of my book The Elephant , the Tiger and the Cellphone , I reported that , in April 2007 , India set a new world
record by selling seven million cellphones that month , more telephone connections than any country had ever established in one month . But Iran s peaceful nuclear program originates ’ from the late 1960
s ’ and 1970 s ’ . Joblessness is the main cause of poverty . However , since then , Lebanon has put together a coalition government , regained security and stability , weathered the global economic crisis
, and now organized a largely free and fair election . At his death , Lambert was remembered as a man of great temperance “ . ” Whatever America ’ s motive , it later wisely decided to join the UN effort
. Although economic globalization has enabled unprecedented levels of prosperity in advanced countries and has been a boon to hundreds of millions of poor workers in China and elsewhere in Asia , it rests
on shaky pillars . Unlike national markets , which tend to be supported by domestic regulatory and political institutions , global markets are only “ weakly embedded . ” The Iranians vehemently oppose the
return of Taliban control over Afghanistan s government ’ . Emerging countries continue to grow every year . But currency swings , if too wide and protracted , can hurt competitiveness and require costly
resource allocation . Russia threatens to scrap all of them once the US leaves the ABM-Treaty . Alternatively , one could give each team the opportunity to challenge up to two referee decisions per game
, employing video replays to review rules infractions and settle disputed calls . Obama s Policy ’ of Nuclear Balance But they do pay for them , by favoring one vendor over another . Brazil has demonstrated
the ability to be a technological export power . Are We Still Evolving ? Optimists – fortunately , there remain a few , especially in Europe itself – believe that when the situation becomes really critical
, political leaders will turn things around and put Europe back on the path of economic growth , job creation , and financial stability . But pessimists have been growing in number and influence . In recent
years , slowing the pace of real exchange-rate appreciation to shelter domestic producers and employment from import competition seems to have gained clear precedence over disinflation . At the beginning
of June , the RCB s governor ’ , Sergei Ignatyev , admitted not only that this year ’ s inflation target would be missed , but also that the RCB is not prepared to pursue inflation targets at the expense
of a competitive exchange rate . Instead , much of it will find its way abroad . China , for example , is worried that the Fed ’ s stimulus will increase its domestic inflation . Finally , despite China
s status ’ as one of the world s largest net creditors ’ , it has been running a deficit on its investment balance for years . If this pattern persists , China may well face a balance-of-payments constraint
on growth in the future . German workers who make high-end machine tools are proud of their craft , and they don ’ t want to be told that the same work can be done for much less in Poland and Slovakia . By
the usual standards of financial crises , three years is a long time . What Russia needs is both an economy and state civilized by law . Americans never would alter the way entitlement programs are funded
or education administered without serious study and widespread debate . Moscow and its surroundings , with a population of more than 15 million inhabitants , were covered by smoke for many weeks . People
with cardiovascular and respiratory diseases , the elderly , and the very young were particularly affected . The family firm has a vastly different logic , and often does not want to become too big . These
are : an anemic , below-trend , U-shaped recovery in advanced economies , as firms and households continue to repair their balance sheets ; a stronger , V-shaped recovery in emerging-market countries ,
owing to stronger macroeconomic , financial , and policy fundamentals . The German authorities feared that the country ’ s export-oriented economy would suffer from the wide exchange-rate swings that are
the norm for global reserve currencies . Europe 's relatively newfound fiscal discipline probably was a blessing in maintaining market confidence , and thus in immunizing the Continent , during the Asian
, Russian , and Brazilian financial panics . With others , they left piles of Monopoly money nearby . The United Nations climate panel ’ and the International Energy Agency both echo this sentiment , insisting
that higher energy efficiency could reduce energy consumption by up to 30 % – making improved efficiency an effective remedy for climate change . Households consume one third of the final energy used in
the European Union and produce around two-thirds of municipal waste . Academics in the arts and humanities are notoriously bad at defending why their work has value . France is not the only EU country with
an unpopular leader . These people feared the comeback of religion ; that the Protestant or Catholic oppressiveness they knew first-hand might be replaced by equally oppressive Muslim codes of conduct . To
take a well-known example , if you owe a bank $ 1,000 , the bank has power over you ; but if you owe the bank $ 1 billion , you may have considerable bargaining power over the bank . As recently as three
years ago , many observers thought that the Fund had outlived its usefulness and should be closed down . Since then , it has intervened in Hungary , Latvia , Iceland , and Ukraine , among other crisis-stricken
countries – and has received a massive infusion of new resources . Lasting peace in the Middle East could lead to greater prosperity and cooperation in the world . If only it were that easy . In theory ,
this is a distinctly second-best solution to the cultural consequences of migration ; in practice it is the best answer we have . The limited fiscal resources that are available should be targeted on areas
that affect competitiveness in the tradable sector . With capital controls , people who badly want to move their capital across borders can 't - unless they find some complaisant bureaucrat . With the liberalization
of global financial markets that began in the 1970 s ’ , foreign sources of credit became available . The answer is no : the central bank can print enough extra money to hold down the cost of government
debt . Some have compared the negotiated agreements to limit China ’ s solar-panel exports to past voluntary export restraints “ ” ( VERs ) or “ orderly marketing arrangements ” in the steel and consumer-electronic
industries , especially those that Japan agreed to apply to its exports to the US in the 1980 s ’ . But a more revealing precedent is Japan s VERs ’ on exports of autos during this period . Indeed , very
few countries have bothered to spell out , let alone implement , a euro-inspired economic-reform agenda . Advocates of discriminatory measures often charge their opponents with stifling legitimate criticism
of Israel . Even if the government-owned oil industry is broken up and privatized , whether to foreigners or not , there is no guarantee that a future government cannot regain control . Call this the Asef
effect “ ” . Once such an alliance was shaped , nothing but revolution could stop it – in this case , the Bolshevik revolution . In a small-state setting , imposition of a dense network of controls is likely
to lead to the loss of mobile factors of production , while in a large state it is harder for labor or capital to escape . This time , we must act to save the planet from a human-induced environmental catastrophe
. Twitter is largely blocked by China s great firewall ’ “ ” ( GFW ) , which prevents Chinese people from accessing certain sites . Indeed , despite progress in 2012 , we have not been able fully to interrupt
the spread of the poliovirus in Pakistan , owing primarily to obstacles affecting program implementation and management . This shortcoming partly explains the prevalence of highly educated , unemployed
young people worldwide . PRAGUE – At the close of last year , European Union finance ministers gave the green light to a new supervisory architecture for the EU s financial markets ’ . War and its huge cost
; the falling dollar ; mounting trade and budget deficits ; the chicanery that hollowed out companies like Enron and WorldCom ; the bursting of the high-tech bubble : capitalism American-style is both
under strain and under a cloud . For me , there is nothing more abnormal about China s unbroken pattern ’ of growth than effective macroeconomic intervention in boom times . World Cup Heralds a New Korea In
this respect , China s third and fourth generation ’ of leaders , under the technocrats Jiang Zemin and Hu Jintao , have been competent but unimaginative . The poorest Congressional district is a largely
Hispanic-immigrant district in Los Angeles , with a per-capita income of $ 6,997 a year . It was meant to be a joke . The current financial crisis raises yet another problem : the lack of a clear lender
“ of last resort . ” By 2025 , however , there are likely to be an additional 7,000 large companies , with seven out of ten based in emerging regions . The share of global consolidated revenue generated
by these emerging-market corporate giants is set to increase from 24 % today to 46 % in 2025 . The other road reduces the fiscal burden of the social state , reinvigorating the economy by reducing taxes
and providing the employed not with social protection but with more assurance of finding another job if they lose their current one . The report was drawn up by experts from almost all OAS member states
, and was divided into two parts : an excellent analytical section , and a brief and somewhat exasperating chapter devoted to future scenarios . Indeed , many anti-Jewish outbursts in a number of countries
are rooted in condemnations of Israel that exploit anti-Semitic terminology . Attacks on synagogues are often triggered by a defaming language about the Middle East . Erdoğan and his ministers have been
cheerleaders for these prosecutions . Solzhenitsyn himself recently suggested that Russia s national idea ’ should be based on Ivan Petrovich Shuvalov s proposal ’ to Empress Elizabeth 250 years ago . “
Every move , every law should be assessed in terms of whether it helps to preserve the people , ” according to Solzhenitsyn . These problems will not simply go away or sort themselves out . Today , China
actively and constructively participates in the global talks , discussing , for example , what it has been doing to cut emissions per unit of GDP . We all breathe the same air . In democracies , we debate
how much to spend on different initiatives , knowing that we don ’ t have infinite resources , and that sometimes throwing more money at the problem isn ’ t the best answer . For example , such measures
could be extended to cover all of those who abuse the fundamental right of legal due process , such as the right to a fair trial . Doing so would highlight the famous case of former oil magnate Mikhail
Khodorkovsky , whose political ambitions alone landed him in prison , and who has been declared , after a second trial , a prisoner of conscience by Amnesty International . And what implications does Japan
’ s nationalist turn – and its risky economic policy hold – for the region ? Assuming that the Bush administration is serious in its current efforts , the US must have a Plan B in case the talks fail . Withdrawing
all or part of the relief in case of nonperformance would be a powerful protection against moral hazard . One common argument is that governments should protect biodiversity because of its untapped potential
for the pharmaceutical industry . A fern deep in the forest could , for example , one day prove helpful in the fight against HIV / AIDS . The world should know what it is getting . Open hearings would be
a step in the right direction . The war in Afghanistan bleeds more lives and treasure into the inhospitable terrain of that sad land , with little immediate chance of whatever might constitute sufficient
success to allow America and its allies to quit . And the problems of Pakistan fester next door . Worsening the injustice , in at least one case the Court 's decision came too late for the companies involved
to go ahead with their plans . The current center of legislative attention is Senator Christopher Dodd s financial reform bill ’ , which has passed out of the Senate Banking Committee and will presumably
soon be debated on the Senate floor . The policy was met with fierce opposition from the domestic cashew-processing industry , which had just been privatized . These economies combined size ’ is now approximately
that of the US economy , with total annual output reaching $ 15-16 trillion , or roughly 25 % of global GDP . Since its adoption , nuclear testing has virtually stopped , and all 182 signatory states have
abstained from testing nuclear explosives . The three countries that have failed to ratify the CTBT and have tested such devices India – , Pakistan , and North Korea – have faced universal condemnation
from the UN Security Council , and UN sanctions . If the claim were true it is a rebirth that is coming about in an extraordinary way . Except for some odd and hapless individuals , there have been no underground
armies , separatist terrorists , campaigns of civil disobedience aimed at unseating governments , or even any mass demonstrations . Who should decide if a country is democratic or not ? Retribution is often
seen as a more important justification for the death penalty . Friction or no friction , OPEC has been , and will always be , irrelevant to market forces on the ground . OPEC has never had market power
, but Saudi Arabia has , and Saudi market power has always been assigned , mistakenly , to OPEC . The first is that the French have accounts to settle with their president and the government . Eventually
, the state agencies sold controlling stakes in the nationalized banks to foreign investors , and auctioned off the bad loans they had repackaged . Yet no clear Russian footprint “ ” on these issues can
be discerned . Even after various deductions , credits , and other tax breaks , the effective marginal rate – the rate that corporations pay on new US investments – remains one of the highest in the world
. Poor farmers may lack the capital to invest in it , or may lack the incentive to do so if water is taken directly from publicly available sources or if the government is subsidizing its use . Berlusconi
is a new phenomenon on the European right . And still others combine the two , pointing to the balance “ of terror ” during the Cold War . In other words : is Iran to be treated as Hitler s Germany ’ in
1938 , Prussia in 1756 , or Stalin s Soviet Union ’ ? COPENHAGEN – The European Commission recently unveiled long-awaited measures to bring neighboring countries in the Mediterranean and the former Soviet
Union closer to Europe . It is hard to imagine that anyone thinks of goodness as a problem , but Charles Darwin did . Germany could have cut 131 times as much CO2 for the same price . Kosovo and Iraq provide
instructive examples . Of course , Zhirinovsky 's national / socialist rhetoric has hidden his almost slavish subservience to the Kremlin . But where can it go now to find it ? We need better standards and
stronger laws . The biggest thing to happen on his watch is that Russia stabilized itself . With stability , the face of 21st century Russia was revealed . The IMF could guarantee the central banks against
market risk at current prices . At their June summit , Europe s leaders ’ finally recognized the need to rectify this situation , transferring responsibility for banking supervision in the eurozone to the
European Central Bank . All of this is true , but , given the possibility of a major overhaul of US corporate taxation , which President Barack Obama has proposed , we should revisit the conventional wisdom
concerning the supposedly weak connection between corporate taxation and the financial crisis . Indeed , in my view , policymakers , academics , and the media have rejected too resolutely the idea that
corporate taxation played no more than a minor role . A weak Europe is an unmitigated curse . They were mere outlines for more serious measures , that , even when the Cold War ended ten years ago , were
never put in place . Now , the beast is reawakening , the threads are snapping one after another , and the world faces the task , neglected for ten critical years , not so much of restoring as of reinventing
the control of nuclear arms . Other Arab countries Iraq – , Syria , and Lebanon , for example – are sharply divided along tribal , ethnic , and religious lines . This leads directly to the third unsolved
problem : What happens if a country is unwilling or unable to keep within agreed conditions ? Moreover , he threatened that Iran ’ s armed forces would not remain quiet if “ economic and cultural pressures
” continued . Yes , the UN has achieved much under Secretary General Annan 's leadership . But the idea of the United Nations as a uniter of nations remains , in many parts of the world and for many of
the world 's most complex problems , more an ideal still to be achieved than a living reality . A third point , intended for all but those who still believe in a free lunch , is that the employment and
growth implications of a country s commitments ’ in the area of climate-change policy need to be carefully analyzed . Specifically , beyond direct help for Tunisia at this critical moment , the EU must
breathe new life into the Mediterranean partnership . Moreover , just as Ralph Nader s candidacy ( ’ and the US Supreme Court ) prevented Al Gore from defeating George W. Bush in 2000 , one must recognize
that Okonjo-Iweala was undercut by the candidacy of José Antonio Ocampo , a former finance minister of Colombia , who was backed by Brazil . But cooperate they did . In Sweden , it amounts to 33.5 % of “
dependent employment ” ( total employment excluding the self-employed ) , and 32.9 % in Denmark . On average the share of state employment in the workforce across Scandinavia is 32.7 % , compared to only
18.5 % on average in the non-Scandinavian countries of the EU-15 . But in the borrower s ’ view it is usurious taking – advantage of the borrower s desperation ’ . The Commission highlights other issues
that have received insufficient global attention - such as tax competition among developing countries , which shifts more of the tax burden from business to workers . In still other areas , the Commission
's report argues for more " balanced " perspectives . During his tenure at Halliburton , the firm engaged in illegal bribery of Nigerian officials to enable the company to win access to that country s oil
fields ’ – access worth billions of dollars . Reports on peasant and worker demonstrations against corrupt officials and illegal property confiscations have been banned . Those who dare to protest , such
as Beijing University journalism professor Jiao Guobiao , are silenced . Politics in many Muslim countries is partly to blame . In the absence of a benchmark for comparative assessment , we do not really
know whether 192 protectionist measures “ ” is a big or small number . Since Abe returned last December for a second stint as Prime Minister , Japanese voters have entrusted him with maintaining political
stability and ensuring economic revitalization . Even though the Chinese felt incensed by foreign interference and domination , many also came to admire America for its democracy , openness , energy and
willingness to help . In Egypt , for example , the Freedom and Justice Party , which dominates the parliament , claims that a woman cannot become President . The army ’ s lower ranks are now filled with
young men , drawn from all segments of Egyptian society , whose backgrounds are no different from those of the people they may be called upon to suppress . The problems that brought us the terrible crisis
of 2007-08 have not been fixed . After elections , voters hardly ever saw or heard from their MPs , who typically went on to engage in corruption and graft in Bangkok – eventually losing legitimacy and
paving the way for military coups . A new constitution and elections invariably ensued . As the journalist Marcus Walker recently put it , Europe “ was supposed to come of age as an actor on the world stage
, bolstered by the Lisbon Treaty . Instead , Europe is starting to look like the loser in a new geopolitical order dominated by the US and emerging powers led by China . ” Sunday s election ’ was a coronation
rather than a competition . The financial crisis erupted in 2008 when mortgage-backed securities were revalued at much less than what they had been thought to be worth . In a heartbeat , the damage was done
. Astounded East Germans surged like a human sea to the crossing points to the West . Second , and perhaps more importantly , the Mexicans implemented the methodological idea of conducting controlled experiments
to find out which policies work and which don t work ’ in developing countries ( which has fed into the exciting Randomized Control Trials movement in the field of development economics ) . Putin , among
other things , is a combative nationalist , and he wants Russia to succeed in a world of competing powers . France and Germany compete openly as alternative centers of influence vis-à-vis the smaller European
states . Last week , US Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke said that McCulloch s economics ’ – the economics of supply and demand – was in no way discredited by the financial crisis , and was still extraordinarily
useful . A successful economic model not only finances the military resources needed for the exercise of hard power , but it can also attract others to emulate its example . Thirty percent of this year s
corn production ’ in the United States will be burned up on America s highways ’ . This has been possible only through subsidies that globally will total $ 15 billion this year alone . Enough said . The
innovations that drive economic advances information technology – , biotech , and nanotech – can boost living standards in both the developing and the developed world . For example , if a central bank ,
in times of economic distress in the banking sector , floods the banks with additional , cheap liquidity , that will increase the supply of money on financial markets and push market interest rates down
. Of course , economic engagement will not solve the nuclear conundrum in the short term . Indignation is different from outrage – a sentiment that is ultimately blind and not necessarily connected to any
presumption that one shares commitments with the people against whom it is directed . Economic growth without social justice merely prolongs the denial of decent living conditions to the majority of Africa
s people ’ for the benefit of a tiny rich minority . By adding the governors to his electoral machine , Primakov has stolen the men who turned the last presidential elections Yeltsin 's way . When capital
moves into a particular country , its currency appreciates , cooling off the export sector sufficiently to compensate for the booming domestically-oriented sectors that profit from the availability of
foreign credit . In subsequent Chinese history , the meritocratic ideal was institutionalized by means of the Imperial examination system . In this context – and in view of the robust economic growth recorded
in 1999 and 2000 , the still-booming stock markets , and the continued accumulation of excess liquidity the ECB s Governing Council progressively tightened policy – ’ , thereby keeping upward risks to
price stability from materializing . Enlargement will make Russia an even more important partner for the EU . When news about the assassination plot first appeared , the Supreme Leader , Ali Khamenei , was
on his way to the western province of Kermanshah . In his first speech after the story broke , he made no reference to it , most likely expecting the president to make a statement . Indeed , official rhetoric
has turned once again to trying to persuade markets to ignore reality . Hatoyama was naïve enough to declare publicly his intention of turning the East China Sea into a Chinese-led Sea “ of Fraternity .
” He also earned the distrust of the United States , Japan ’ s most important ally , by advocating the relocation outside Japan of a US air base on Okinawa . Why are politicians not terrified of their displeasure
? Why Wealth Taxes Are Not Enough In retrospect , the charge seems like rank hypocrisy . Indeed , the politics of stock markets does not stop with taxes . On the contrary , almost every activity of government
has an impact on corporate profits , and in turn , on the stock market . Our proposal has a number of advantages , most importantly creating the right incentives for effective and responsive governance
. Many ambassadors have built mass followings in electronic terms , and generate numerous likes “ ” as they go about their daily routines of meetings and ribbon cuttings . As tariff barriers have come down
, the unfair " fair trade " laws are increasingly being used as America 's favored protectionist tool . Treating foreign and domestic firms the same with respect to competitive practices would stop these
abuses . Since the world is a closed system , this raises the question : Who will run the world s deficits ’ ? This view is not limited to the Chinese government . Iran probably needs two or three years to
develop a nuclear weapon . This depreciation would perhaps be justifiable had Nigeria managed to use easy money to narrow the gap between ordinary Nigerians standard ’ of living and that of people living
in Britain . But Americans will remember this homegrown plot as a highly symbolic moment : an attack on a venerable international sporting event on Patriots Day ’ . The marathon is a cherished event , for
it reflects the peaceful values of a democratic society that seeks to transcend its challenges through sheer endurance . In any case , the government , according to the largest banks CEOs ’ , could not
possibly impose a cap on their assets size ’ , because to do so would undermine the productivity and competitiveness of the US economy . The project is being pursued in the face of strong Egyptian objections
– military intervention has been threatened yet – it continues apace . So what is the role of elected politicians in the face of a speculative attack ? There are also ideas to address speculative swings
. They may induce wasteful investment and a loss in innovation . Africa has long suffered under the belief that passionate tribal attachments are inefficient , irresponsible , and inhumane . Ever since
they colonized Africa , Europeans have railed against tribalism , whilst simultaneously pitting one tribe against another whenever this suited their purposes . But this distinction misses the larger point
: the quality of policy matters much more than the level of economic development . By failing to defend the constitution against internal enemies , Weimar 's liberals showed that they feared taking a decision
more than they feared taking on their enemies . But sovereign decisions are unavoidable everywhere , Schmitt argued , even in societies founded on liberal principles . The Mutual Assessment Process to which
the G-20 countries have agreed is a crucial component of the rebalancing program , for it is where the pieces of a cooperative strategy for growth will be identified , evaluated , and assembled . Moreover
, in the same region , more than 60 % of girls are married well before the legal age , making pregnancies among anemic and malnourished teenagers a common occurrence . For the time being , sentiment about
China s future ’ remains relentlessly upbeat . But ever since George W. Bush included these ideas as part of his democracy-promotion campaigns , European Socialists have become more wary of them . But the
investment needed to develop these resources may remain in short supply in the absence of tax reforms . The political and economic weakness of France and Italy , together with Britain s gradual withdrawal
’ from EU affairs , highlight Germany ’ s key role in rescuing the eurozone from the current crisis . The position fell vacant after senior officials , many of them Gabonese , were discredited in an embezzlement
scandal that erupted in October 2009 . Its air force was crippled and its army was virtually overrun , with Israel capturing the entire Sinai Peninsula . If the US attempts to isolate Syria , it will not
have an easy time of it . But , Iran aside , all of the region s major players ’ – Saudi Arabia and its fellow Gulf states , Turkey , and both sides in Egypt – have plenty of reasons to want to see it realized
. For young citizens , particularly Islamists , normal channels of political participation have been closed off . As a result , they have gravitated towards underground extremist movements . Male dominance
in the marketplace works like a cartel , barring talented women from top jobs . Many observers argue that Russians are not having enough children because life is so harsh . For the EU , the situation has
never appeared more serious . Terrorists hope to create a climate of fear and insecurity that will provoke liberal democracies to harm themselves by undercutting their quality in terms of their own values
. Preventing new terrorist attacks while understanding and avoiding the mistakes of the past will be essential if we are to preserve and support liberal democracy both at home and abroad . At least they
paid some attention to the mounting scientific evidence . And certain principles set out in the 1992 Rio Framework Convention , including “ common but differentiated responsibilities and respective capabilities
, ” were affirmed . Both parties ’ leaders will get there – but only when dragged , kicking and screaming , by the financial markets . This is easily explained by their geographic segregation , higher levels
of unemployment , higher school dropout rates , and disproportionately frequent interactions with the criminal justice system . This narrative seemed plausible to casual observers , because it was tied
to millions of little human-interest stories about the obvious successes of those friends , neighbors – , and family members – who had the vision to participate enthusiastically in the new environment
. It is not always an easy process , and reasonable people can and do disagree about the design of IMF-supported programs both before and after the fact . Molecular biology has provided excellent tools to
address health , environmental , and food problems such as those seen in Kenya . The question is whether decision-makers are prepared to use them . The US , with the world s largest deficits and debt ’
, is the biggest beneficiary of cheap financing . In 2011 , renewables share ’ was actually lower , at 12.99 % . In the unlikely event that a statue of him is ever unveiled , let it show him weeping . “ We
have to save face , ” said General Abd al-Latif Badiny , a deputy interior minister who was fired under al-Adly . [ M “ ] any officers and commanders refused to torture detainees and were against corruption
, but we need a revolutionary president to empower us and clean the ministry . ” Japan says that it wants the discussion of whaling to be carried out calmly , on the basis of scientific evidence , without
“ emotion . ” Nor is it enough to follow the dictates of international financial markets – that may get good bond ratings and please international investors , but it does not mean that jobs are being created
or that standards of living are being increased for most citizens . Still , barring a breakthrough in United Nations negotiations in the near future and a reversal in current emissions trends , meeting
that two-degree target is well-nigh impossible . As we have seen , safeguards alone are not up to the job . “ The developed world did make the problem … I admit that , ” he acknowledged to his rapt audience
. Modern electronic technology will not eliminate paper notes and coins soon , so there is still plenty of time to make use of the symbolic value of a common currency . Indeed , even if the eurozone breaks
up , each European country could adopt a different currency but retain common symbols . Our enemies have skillfully adapted to fighting wars in the media age , but for the most part we have not . ” This
can be illustrated by a simple example . The reason is that structural reforms tend to pay off in the long term , but cost money in the short term . The SGP originally aimed to protect European citizens
from myopic governments , but it has ended up forcing even more myopic behavior . Neither the multicultural ethos ( respect for “ cultural diversity in an atmosphere of mutual tolerance , ” as British Labor
Minister Roy Jenkins put it in 1966 ) , nor official indifference to religious identities ( as in France , where the state , as the nineteenth-century historian Jules Michelet put it , “ takes the place
of God ” ) has worked as planned . Hollande , backed by Spain and Italy , accomplished a small step in that direction at June s European Union summit ’ , which finally endorsed the idea of a banking union
. He and his family built up empires within the local economy , cornering nearly all sectors and making a fortune for themselves . In the first stage , beginning in the spring of 2008 , the locus of the
North Atlantic crisis moved from the United States to the eurozone . Banks in the eurozone came under pressure , and interbank tensions increased . This turned out to be an impossible mission . His fiercest
opponents demonize Chávez as an autocrat pursuing a Cuban-style revolution and destroying democracy . He made the right choice before the Iraq war - America 's intervention was never justified and has yielded
a terrible failure - and so found himself in sync with an emerging European , even global , opposition to the Bush administration . But he has failed to transform his position into one of ongoing leadership
. An extra $ 10,000 a year does little to raise the well-being of a multi-millionaire , while a deficiency of $ 10,000 a year makes a huge impact on how a middle-class family lives . One hopes that the satellite
footage of the Arctic meltdown will help to inspire serious action . So why the breakdown of the old business-cycle indicators ? The EU accession process has also underpinned a shift in Turkish policy on
Iraq . The main side-effect of statins , which lower cholesterol in the blood , is severe muscle inflammation , and it can now be predicted with a simple genotype test , as can the response to Plavix ,
the second most commonly prescribed drug after statins . Those individuals who carry at least one copy of the gene variant that does not allow the body to metabolize Plavix have a 300 % higher risk of
clotting a stent . The attack on the Cheonan may have been particularly useful in cementing the regime ’ s hold on the military , which felt disgraced by North Korea ’ s inept performance in a confrontation
with the South Korean navy near the Northern Limit Line in the West Sea in November 2009 . The idea that Germany would show financial solidarity with weakened eurozone members only if they accept draconian
stabilization measures is similarly unrealistic . Erich Fromm , the late German psychologist and philosopher , once said that history “ is a graveyard of cultures that came to their catastrophic ends because
of their incapacity for planned and rational voluntary reaction to challenges . ” But Indian voters have turned against this model . Such joint and several liability , the plaintiffs assert , contradicts
the Court ’ s previous statements that Germany should not accept any financial commitments stemming from other states behavior ’ . Now , after the explosive post-war expansion of global trade , most unions
have seen their monopoly power eroded , if not shattered . That is why unions throughout much of the developed world have been fighting so hard to block free-trade negotiations that might erode their position
further . In other words , during the past three decades the rich world seems to have enjoyed “ sustainable development , ” while development in the poor world ( barring China ) has been unsustainable . First
, the way capitalism operates nowadays has changed mightily from just 30 years ago . In developed countries from 1945 to 1975 , capitalism brought rapid growth , an average of 5 % per year for long periods
. Rather than tinkering , perhaps the EU should boldly create an American-style bicameral system by turning the parliament into a House of Representatives and electing a Senate to replace the Council of
Ministers , with two senators per member state . If these countries join the hard core of European integration , while others , Poland in particular , opt to stay out , it would create a dividing line between
them , burying Visegrad cooperation . As the link between global food prices and political instability demonstrates , we live in a globally interconnected world , in which we are failing to produce in the
right way or create the right economic incentives to address profound environmental threats . US President Barack Obama s recent order ’ to shut down the Guantánamo Bay detention facility has made the problem
of Yemen s ’ weakness a leading international issue . First comes a struggle for freedom , then a struggle for power . For example , for more than a decade , Germany ’ s police forces , customs service ,
and even the Bundeswehr have been ordering uniforms from a state-owned factory in the city of Dzherzinsky , named after the father of the Red Terror and founder of the Soviet KGB , Feliks Dzherzinsky . But
the outcome you propose might not be fair , or realistic , or you might be consciously lying . Obama , who opposed the Iraq war , should not be blamed for current circumstances there . But he was unable
to improve the situation or help Iraq s Shias ’ and Sunnis reach a political compromise . Producing less with more effort might appeal to well-fed First Worlders , but it is literally starving the poor
. Without that prospect , no candidate country would go through the painful process of adopting the tens of thousands of rules and regulations contained in the Acquis Communautaire ( the body of EU law
) . As long as interest rates remain low , there is no downward pressure on public investment . Within those constraints , American managers were supposed to exercise considerably more discretion than their
foreign counterparts , so that they could use their business judgment without being shackled and second-guessed . UNICEF works with partners to get water , hygiene , and medical supplies to households and
health facilities . On the contrary , as he has frequently made clear , he considers his critics immoral for not supporting liberal interventions . But nor did nineteenth-century colonialists think of themselves
as immoral . Amid the UK s institutional changes ’ in 1997 , financial regulation was put in the hands of the Financial Services Authority ( FSA ) . Policy wonks and interested Asians alike often say that
when Republicans are in power in America , Asians breathe a confident sigh of relief . Both were random hits generated by sudden shifts in investor confidence ; both represented big setbacks that required
years to recover from fully . More power needs to be devolved to the provinces . Ethnic profiling is illegal in Europe . This modern , progressive , and peaceful model is unique and superior to all other
currently available approaches to the fundamental questions of political order . The problems that can be addressed are those of poverty and social insurance — of providing a safety net not — of inequality
. Countries that sign these agreements get preferential treatment over all others . But developing countries have little to gain and much to lose by signing these agreements , which almost never deliver
the promised benefits . It may also account for why important institutional differences persist among advanced countries in areas such as the public sector 's role , the nature of legal systems , corporate
governance , financial markets , labor markets , and social insurance mechanisms . Given scarce resources , we must ask ourselves : do we want to do a lot of good now , or a little good much later ? We
need to ask if we can do more for the world by investing differently . The US also developed a particular populist belief that gun ownership constitutes a vital protection against government tyranny . All
of this will take time , but there is some movement in the right direction . Economists argue that should the current trickle of 350,000 visitors each year grow to a quite reasonable million , every Bolivian
would be employed . But provoking fear is seldom the best recipe for avoiding further violence . On the contrary , it is more likely to fuel it . Forgetting also enables us to forgive others . The IMF was
created to prevent crises like the current one and in this it has failed . Our relationship has evolved from a predominantly economic one into one that includes fighting terrorism , piracy , and organized
crime , as well as many other issues . The consequences for Nigeria s 114 million people ’ , for the rest of the troubled continent of Africa and for the international system would be catastrophic if Nigeria
disintegrated . Likewise , Switzerland long used mandatory military service and mountainous geography as hard-power resources for deterrence , while making itself attractive to others through banking ,
commercial , and cultural networks . The Republicans took control of the House of Representatives , netting more than 60 seats – the most in over 70 years – and six Senate seats . They enjoyed the confidence
of Germany s ruling classes ’ , were determined to reject all compromise , and believed that “ one more push ” would deliver “ total victory . ” Meanwhile , the Kaiser was systematically shielded from
the truth and became estranged from reality . The Soviet Union spent a century touching up the warts on Lenin 's nose , revising harvest statistics , and making the dying Yuri Andropov look less cadaverous
. No one should be deceived by any concessions that the Kremlin makes . Advocates of the lump-of-labor view say no . For today ’ s European leaders , the central lesson of 1989 is that force is counterproductive
; what matters is consensus . A departure from what the late Raj Krishna dubbed the " Hindu rate of growth " came only in the fourth sub-period , from 1980-1999 . COPENHAGEN Global warming – will mean that
more people die from the heat . If rich-country central banks can buy long term bonds , then emerging-country central banks can buy dollar-denominated bonds . Even countries that practice inflation targeting
and have otherwise vowed to let their exchange rates float – Brazil , Colombia , Peru , and Chile , for example – have done it , and in large quantities . At the current rate , NASA may not complete the
task for another decade , even though such mapping is the key to an asteroid defense because it may give us years of warning . To find an answer requires confronting civilizational norms , which are reflected
in the intellectual games that the countries favor . India has traditionally favored the game of chaupad ( four sides ) , or shatranj ( chess ) , concentrating on contest , conquest , and subjugation . When
in doubt , the principle of subsidiarity suggests that national states remain supreme ; Villages currently trapped in hunger and subsistence agriculture would become commercial centers for food processing
and exports , and even for rural industry and services supported by electrification , mobile phones , and other improved technologies . The average holding duration for each shareholder is three years . But
$ 350 billion is roughly what the financial sector as a whole earned in an average quarter during the credit boom and profit levels – in recent quarters have reached or exceeded those levels . So , if
the entire write-down cost were covered by banks , most of them would lose the equivalent of no more than one year ’ s profits – spread over several years . Evidence produced in these exhumations is being
organized into indictments , prepared by the non-governmental Center for Human Rights and Legal Action ( CALDH ) . An initial truce , by means of international mediation , can lead to a monitored long-term
truce and reconstruction in Gaza . As a result , the Tutsi-dominated government entered into negotiations with Hutu leaders , which led to the signing of a political accord in August 2000 . Modern research
has shown that the great economist Joseph Schumpeter was wrong in thinking that competition in innovation leads to a succession of firms . In fact , a monopolist , once established , may be hard to dislodge
, as Microsoft has so amply demonstrated . Unfortunately , these revelations come at the worst possible moment . But no one , particularly in the region , where North Korean missiles pose the gravest threat
, accepts this claim at face value . Indeed , the successes of “ Team GB ” produced an upsurge of patriotic rejoicing akin to victory in war . Concentrations of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases
in the atmosphere have reached 435 parts per million ( ppm ) of CO2-equivalent , compared with about 280 ppm before industrialization in the nineteenth century . Europe ’ s tragedy is not the result of
an evil plot , but stems , rather , from a lack of coherent policies . Hu Shisheng , a leading South Asia strategic analyst at the China Institutes for Contemporary International Relations , has suggested
that such visits do not mean that “ India-China relations are [ in a state of ] disturbance , ” though the potential for trouble remains high . Buddhism stresses compassion and mercy as much as Christianity
does . Indifference to suffering is not inherent to any Asian culture . This is not to say that the Commission will be permanently wounded , for the Union desperately needs a vigorous Commission . Today
, the emergence of Chinese-style and Indian-style modernity is mentally destabilizing Japan . In contrast to the United States , however , the boost in consumer demand has not become an engine of growth
. But brown rice is substantially different in taste and spoils easily in hot climates . It is clearly important for the world that China pursuessustainable economic and energy policies – those that reduce
both emissions and poverty . That reasoning is familiar , but is it correct ? With little knowledge of China s tectonic changes ’ , foreigners have been investing , buying , trading , and extravagantly praising
its amazing , but hell-bent , “ economic boom . ” Fear of “ China bashing ” has made it difficult for so-called friends “ of China ” to discuss its darker side openly . They are valuable because they are
operational . The events of the last twelve months have surely driven home to most people that the most dangerous conflict facing humanity in the future is not the conflict between Man and the environment
, but between Man and Man . That will be a matter of opinion until the recession begins to abate ; the truth is that we don ’ t yet know whether this crisis will be a snowball that grows layer by layer
or an avalanche that sweeps away entire industries . Two factors set off today s crisis ’ : the Iraq war contributed to the run-up in oil prices , including through increased instability in the Middle East
, the low cost provider of oil , while bio-fuels have meant that food and energy markets are increasingly integrated . In this case , the CCP s view ’ of rejuvenation is built on the belief that the zenith
of Chinese power under the Ming and Qing dynasties represents the natural , just , and permanent state of affairs for a 5,000-year-old civilization . Its citizens were less socially and economically stratified
than in many other US states . After World War II , Americans migrated steadily to California , a land of opportunity , great natural beauty , and some of the world s most fertile agricultural land ’ . But
there is no essential human need that requires us to kill whales . Everything we get from whales can be obtained without cruelty elsewhere . But , as the current crisis indicates , the best-performing EU
economies are those with ( relatively ) flexible labor markets , reasonable tax rates , and open access to professions and business . The fear is that tightening monetary policy to bear down on inflation
could snuff out the faltering economic recovery . But success in fighting corruption entails more than just good procurement procedures ( avoiding , for instance , single-source non-competitive bidding
) . To speed the process , a new long-term strategy aimed at the underlying factors at work in North Korea – and in relations with its rulers – is needed . Any claim about the fair distribution of tax burdens
must make use of a baseline of comparison--something in relation to which the burden of each taxpayer is measured . A new set of rules for diplomacy , military strategy , and arms control is needed to stabilize
this emerging nuclear order . Putin and Xi will do everything to emphasize that . Twenty-one percent of China s exports ’ and 23 % of the EU s exports ’ to non-member countries go to the US . The Great Real
Estate Bust of 2008 If they do not want to repeat the failures of past administrations , they will be well advised to do what none of Obama s predecessors ’ have tried . The food , health and environmental
issues faced by people in the least developed countries are of a different dimension ( often of a different kind ) to issues faced by people in rich countries . But Donilon returned home empty-handed :
Putin will attend neither the G-8 summit on May 18-19 at Camp David , nor the NATO summit in Chicago on May 20-21 , despite Obama s effort ’ to accommodate Russia by moving the G-8 summit from Chicago
. Many countries , especially developing countries , are facing the consequences of huge changes in lifestyle : modifications in diet , lower levels of physical activity , and increased tobacco use . And
enterprises in other countries are adopting a similar online business model . The contemporary European solution seems to be repeating the same time-buying tactics of the lost decade of the 1980 s ’ in
the developing world . It is difficult to express the differences between the US and the European model any more clearly than this . The US is a melting pot , whereas Europe is a mosaic of different peoples
and cultures that has developed over the course of its long history . Many commentators seem to believe that the growing gap between rich and poor is an inevitable byproduct of increasing globalization
and technology . Currently , the eurozone is on the threshold of a banking union , with a fiscal union to follow . In these circumstances , the Europeans and the other Quartet partners could help Bush secure
a more flattering legacy with regard to the Middle East . The level of real residential investment is still less than half its level before the recession began . First , although a once-in-a-century event
is as likely to occur at the beginning of the century as at any other time , it is much less likely to occur in the first decade of the century than later . Politicians with limited terms of office and
thus foreshortened political horizons are likely to discount low-risk disaster possibilities , since the risk of damage to their careers from failing to take precautionary measures is truncated . He was
convinced that monetary union in Europe was doomed to fail . We know what we must do , and we can do it . Any minimum wage would automatically also apply to immigrant workers , mitigating “ unfair competition
” for low-skilled jobs . Critics of the euro have always asked : Why not ? Only this will give a Morsi administration the necessary legitimacy and capacity to carry out a joint transition with the military
for a true change of regime . The other natural shock absorber is a depreciating currency , which increases competitiveness in the area hit hardest . That cannot happen with a common currency , and economic
adjustment is doubly difficult when labor is not mobile enough to help mitigate regional contractions in income and unemployment . But , while Fannie and Freddie jumped into dubious mortgages ( particularly
those known as Alt-A ) and did some work with subprime lenders , this was relatively small stuff and late in the cycle ( e.g. , 2004-2005 ) . Rather , it will emerge from a concept that addresses existential
needs . An instructive example of the cosmopolitanism bargain came in 2006 , when Great Britain s former foreign minister ’ , Jack Straw , raised concerns about the nijab , the full-head covering worn by
some Muslim women . But the European project has been an enormous success , not only for Europe , but also for the world . It does not want to rush , because the US economy is still weak , with first-quarter
growth a lackluster 1.8 % . Because Russian constitutional norms are considered unstable , imposing them by force appears wilful , anti-democratic . Some 130 members of Congress have signed a letter demanding
action on China s currency ’ . The campaign is enthusiastically endorsed by a leading US economist and trade specialist , the Nobel laureate Paul Krugman . Israel s announcement ’ after the UN vote of new
settlements around Jerusalem weakened his standing further . Today ’ s counter-Enlightenment fashion can easily get out of hand . Those who are committed to liberty must learn to appreciate and defend it
now , lest they someday have to fight to get it back . Why has the courageous visionary of the 1960 's and 1970 's lost his shine ? It is easy to focus on what has not been achieved , because Obama raised
high expectations and then failed to deliver . And they devote a lot of effort to figuring out what caused this switch . People could work an average of 1,800-2,000 hours per year until they reach their
50 s ’ , taper off to 1,300-1,500 hours in their early 60 s ’ , and move toward the 500-1,000 range as they approach 70 . Analysts often point to Europe ’ s costly social-welfare systems , high labor costs
, and increasing tax rates as a drag on competitiveness . He declared that he is for the continuation of resistance in all forms . The success stories in public health for the poor are multiplying . Given
the low cost and the huge benefits of supporting such efforts , there is no excuse for inaction . Today , Saleh s support ’ among his top generals is dwindling . Instead , they reflect social codes that
tell people how they are supposed to think of themselves and how they are supposed to interact with each other . He was attached to respirator and to another machine to clear wastes from his body , and
was fed through a stomach tube . For foreign investors , the greatest near-term concern may be a broad range of attacks from parliament and some of Yar Adua s economic advisors ’ ’ on Charles Soludo , the
central bank governor , who is widely credited for Nigeria ’ s improved economic performance in the past several years . Under Obasanjo , Soludo initiated much needed banking reforms and argued strenuously
that Nigeria should pay its foreign debt . This is partly because German Chancellor Angela Merkel , currently maneuvering to ensure that a German is the next head of the ECB , does not want the Fund to
become more involved in euro-zone policies . The IMF might reasonably take the position that ECB policies have been overly contractionary resulting – in a strong euro and very low inflation – and are no
longer appropriate for member countries in the midst of a financial collapse . At Battery Park , on Manhattan s south end ’ , the surge height reached 4.2 meters , flooding homes and businesses and plunging
millions into darkness . Two years from now , some will say the same thing . In many cases , lifesaving medicines can be cheaply mass-produced , but are sold at prices that block access to those who need
them . And many die simply because there are no cures or vaccines , because so little of the world ’ s valuable research talent and limited resources is devoted to addressing the diseases of the poor . US
trade policy has been remarkably resistant to protectionist pressure in recent years . But , regardless of who wins America s presidency ’ , the world should expect closer scrutiny of imports from China
and other low-cost countries as well as of outsourcing of services to places like India . Another important innovation is the adoption of restructuring procedures based on other countries experiences ’
. The possibility of restructuring balances the interests of stakeholders and uses legal protections to help potentially risky enterprises prevent or avoid bankruptcy if a bailout is worthwhile or possible
. But the UN resolution is , unfortunately , not a binding document . Thaksin ’ s rural base rewarded him by returning him to power , ignoring his personal corruption . India is growing at an annual rate
of around 9 % ; China at around 10 % . So the opportunities for trade between the two are certainly enormous . In fact , effort and education are not what matters most . Far more significant is the economic
environment in which people work – a market economy versus some form of socialism – and the organization of businesses in which they participate . The government had allowed bankers to negotiate “ ” the
results , like a student taking a final examination and then negotiating her grade . Health and economic performance are interrelated . If they don ’ t , the positive effect will vanish . This is especially
true in developing countries health-care systems ’ , which often confront tighter resource constraints than health care in developed countries . Europe ’ s Empty Fiscal Compact People in Shanghai may not
talk about London home prices , but Shanghai 's opinion leaders know what is happening in London , and the boom there makes it seem plausible that there should be a boom in Shanghai , too . Similarly ,
when someone pretending to be another participant in the experiment asked for help , the money group spent only half as much time helping her . At this point , a second , quite separate , development comes
into play . And when we buy and sell , we are enriching not ourselves , but the specialists and market makers . Meanwhile , civil war is raging in Syria , accompanied by a humanitarian catastrophe . Russian
society has become a dry peat bog , waiting for a spark to ignite it . But Lebanon is not alone in that respect : according to the UN and several independent studies , countries in transition from war to
peace face roughly a 50 % chance of sliding back into warfare . America s ’ profligacy – the fact that the world s richest country ’ could not live within its means – was often criticized . But perhaps
the world should be thankful , because without American profligacy , there would have been insufficient global aggregate demand . Then there is Germany , which holds the key to the integrity and unity of
the eurozone . So far , Chancellor Angela Merkel has been largely successful in insulating the German economy from the turmoil elsewhere in Europe . The depreciation is the price America must pay for past
sins--i.e. , a huge current account deficit that foreign investors are no longer willing to finance , at least not at the size of 4 % or more of US GDP . And yet the German government estimates that the
country will face a shortfall of two million skilled workers by 2020 . Foreign journalists declared it the biggest legitimacy crisis in the 25-year history of the Islamic Republic , but Iranians seemed
surprised by the commotion . Now , thanks to bad policies , and even worse politicians , it ranks among the world s also-rans ’ . The Kremlin is very good at feigning such idealism . High-tech services demand
specialized skills and create few jobs , so their contribution to aggregate employment is bound to remain limited . Manufacturing , on the other hand , can absorb large numbers of workers with moderate
skills , providing them with stable jobs and good benefits . But , in order to regain and maintain public confidence , governments , regulators , and operators must be transparent about the benefits and
risks of nuclear power and honest when things – go wrong . They arise from a kind of blindness , combined with a strange mixture of alienation , guilt , and fear toward both Israel and America . Once a radical
loser is in the mood to kill , any reason will do . The bad news is that we still lack an adequate understanding of when this convergence potential is realized , or of the kind of policies that generate
self-sustaining growth . Japan ’ s growing coziness with Taiwan has been accompanied by worsening political relations with China . There is another factor at work , too . Japan 's " Peace Constitution "
supposedly bans possession of military forces . How wrong Frum now seems . Two are economic , and , for many women , the third may be emotional . Moreover , nationalizing banks would have required dismissing
Wall Street captains and their boards for grossly mismanaging their firms . Consistent with the idea that households at lower income levels were keeping “ up with the Vanderbilts , ” the non-rich ( but
not the really poor ) living near high-spending wealthy consumers tended to spend much more on items that richer households usually consumed , such as jewelry , beauty and fitness , and domestic services
. Indeed , many borrowed to finance their spending , with the result that the proportion of poorer households in financial distress or filing for bankruptcy was significantly higher in areas where the
rich earned ( and spent ) more . Large firms are relatively risk-averse not only because they are bureaucracies , with layers of management required to sign off on any innovation , but also because they
are reluctant to back innovations that threaten to render obsolete the products or services that currently account for their profits . In our view , the limits of managerial capitalism explain why , after
approaching US levels of per capita income in the late 1980 s ’ , both Western Europe and Japan failed to match America s information-technology-driven productivity resurgence ’ that began in the 1990s
. A recurrent characteristic of Europe s debt-crisis debate ’ is a Latin American precedent . For India and China separately , and certainly together , sustainability is no longer mainly a global issue ;
it is a domestic challenge to long-term growth . If its Christian ally , Michel Aoun s Free Patriotic Movement ’ , does poorly , or if the ever-shifting Druze leader Walid Jumblatt returns his Progressive
Socialist Party to the anti-Syrian alliance of which it was once a part , Hezbollah would lose its parliamentary majority , and hence its ability to form and topple governments . Perhaps anticipating these
domestic vulnerabilities , Hezbollah encouraged and joined the resumption of National Dialogue discussions involving all of Lebanon s main communities ’ . The sale of sovereign bonds under the fixed exchange-rate
regime put direct upward pressure on their yields , while sales of private securities by foreigners had a similar effect , but through indirect channels . Why debt relief now ? Another direction that excites
neuroscientists is how the brain deals with ambiguous situations , when probabilities are not known , and when other highly relevant information is not available . Tackling these challenges will require
strong US-Japanese cooperation . How can we actually use more area than there is on earth ? Last November , Volker Kauder , the majority leader in the Bundestag , bragged that “ suddenly Europe is speaking
German . ” We are also providing cash assistance to eligible poor families on the condition that pregnant mothers and children avail themselves of preventive health care , and that children regularly attend
school . This program already covers roughly 2.3 million poor families , providing them with yet another key to social mobility . Resolving disputes requires mutually accepted principles that guide how
individuals and countries interact . So , if the Fund is to resume its identity as a cooperative , it makes sense to shift its center of gravity . Of course , no perfect accounting framework exists , but
some frameworks systematically distort . Indeed , a hidden agenda often exists in the choice of an accounting framework . Moreover , there was no agreement among buyers about the causes of recent price
movements and no cogent analysis of fundamentals . A tremendously respected independent think tank , Freedom House , is , like the UN s headquarters ’ , located in New York City . It was not that long ago
that experts were predicting that our skyrocketing human population would outstrip its food supply , leading directly to mass famine . By now millions were supposed to be perishing from hunger every year
. Today , the storm has broken . This caution and restraint stemmed directly from a collective awareness of the many innocent Muslim-Americans who suffered from Americans ignorance and wrath ’ following
the 2001 attacks . Indeed , equally striking was the number of pundits who suggested that the Boston bombing was homegrown , more similar to the Oklahoma City attack or the mass shooting last December
of first graders in Newtown , Connecticut , than to the 2001 plot . Substantial redeployments of US military forces and assets , triggered by the need for additional troops in Afghanistan and ongoing problems
over the US-Japan status-of-forces agreement , are already taking place . Likewise , in terms of political values , the US has resisted agreements that could legitimize authoritarian governments censorship
’ of the Internet – for example , by the great firewall “ of China . ” Mark Carney , King s successor ’ at the BoE , said , “ We are open for business , ” in terms of providing liquidity loans to backstop
big banks . But UK banks assets ’ amounted to eight times the country s ’ GDP before the crisis and will presumably approach that level again with Carney s encouragement ’ . A third group , led by the US
, has not yet made an explicit de-leveraging choice . Having more time , they are using the less visible , and much more gradual , path of “ financial repression , ” under which interest rates are forced
down so that creditors , including those on modest fixed incomes , subsidize debtors . The second mistake “ ” came the following November , after Musharraf s government ’ failed to contain the legal community
’ s impressive civil-disobedience movement to pressure the government into reinstating Chaudhry . Musharraf , again acting impulsively , placed the country under emergency rule when Chaudhry was brought
back by a decision of his own court . There is only one problem : there is no international community “ . ” This is a strikingly bad idea . Creating a two-headed executive of this sort would guarantee continuous
clashes between the two power centers . Had such compensation structures been in place at Bear Stearns and Lehman , their top executives would not have been able to derive such large amounts of performance-based
compensation for managing the firms in the years leading up to their collapse . The road to democracy has always been rocky look – at a century of upheavals in Europe and the difficulties the US faced when
dealing with slavery and the rights of its black population . It is to be hoped that there will be a light at the end of the tunnel in the Arab Middle East as well , but the tunnel may be a long one . The
author of the Forbes article describes a scene in Ramallah that is “ indistinguishable from one in Austin or San Francisco , ” where “ twentysomething Palestinians sip cocktails , their laptops open ,
their smartphones on . ” They threatened property and undermined political order from the outset . And yet Cameron is right to believe that not all EU members will want or be able to be part of a more integrated
eurozone . But visitors to a malaria infested country , because they lack this immunity , share the risks borne by local children . All of this comes at a time of greater political openness and democratization
: the first ever socialist government in 1998 , a younger and more open King – described by democrats of both sexes of Morocco s first feminist ’ “ ” – who took the throne in 1999 , and a quota system
that brought 35 women into the Parliament in 2002 . This Parliament enacted a new Family Law in 2004 that mandates full equality between men and women as “ head of household , ” full authority for state
courts in matters of divorce , creation of special family courts , and the possibility of maternal custody in the event of divorce . Sitting , or more likely standing , in the tube ( “ ” as London s Underground
’ is affectionately known ) , one never ceases to be amazed at the ease with which Jewish mothers and Muslim men , West Indian youngsters and South Asian businessmen , and many others endure the same stressful
conditions and try to lighten its impact by being civil to one another . For example , the transitional phase is a period in which public debt inevitably increases . Governments must continue to pay benefits
to today ’ s pensioners , and they can do so only by borrowing money to replace the revenues that tomorrow s pensioners ’ are now diverting to personal insurance schemes . Moreover , the productivity difference
increased from 25 index points in 1999 to 66.2 in 2008 ; the difference in unit labor costs went from 5.4 percentage points to 31.8 ; and the difference in the unemployment rate rose from 10.1 percentage
points to 15.4 . Ten years after the Chagossians Pyrrhic legal victory ’ – a victory that seemed merely to strengthen the Foreign Office s resolve ’ to stop them from returning to the Islands – they have
taken their campaign to the European Court of Human Rights , which has suggested that the case be withdrawn in favor of a friendly settlement “ . ” Many Chagossians who have settled in the UK would go
back immediately if – only the government would let them . Brandeis s idea ’ is crowd-sourced information : Doctors will record for one another what treatments they actually use . The protestors are singularly
inarticulate but four big " No 's " do emerge : It has embraced policies and a military doctrine that labels NATO a threat and justifies the right to intervene in these countries . The extreme right has
lost support everywhere but Hungary . In short , Europe s leaders ’ – and German leaders above all – must make the case that the alternative is too dire to contemplate . Because it is . Before 2007 , banks
enjoyed high returns and soaring stock prices . Some countries responded by doing nothing , but many , including industrialized countries like Japan and Switzerland , intervened heavily in currency markets
. Some resorted to capital-account regulations on inflows , such as taxes on the foreign purchases of bonds , equities , and derivatives , reserve requirements on short-term inflows , and so forth . The
need to refinance outstanding debt is not the only challenge . Most commentators routinely assume that a Yes vote in the May 29 French referendum on the proposed European Union Constitution would be good
for Europe and the EU . Likewise , proclaimed support for disparate , barely-known rebel groups ; demands for dead-on-arrival sanctions resolutions ; feckless calls for Assad s departure ’ ( as if he plans
to take the advice ) ; and half-baked ideas about enforced safe areas “ ” ( an utter failure in Bosnia ) are unlikely to spare many lives , much less bring about the endgame that is so desperately needed
. Bush says that reform is urgently needed , because the system will be insolvent in about a quarter-century . Political leaders in countries that produce coal , oil , and gas – like the US , Australia ,
and Canada have – pretended that climate change is a mere hypothesis . For several years , the Bush administration tried to hide the facts from the public , deleting references to manmade climate from
government documents and even trying to suppress statements by leading government scientists . Another possibility is to turn razor-thin majorities into one-sided governments that remain centrist in policy
. These young people want progress , not power ; they want the future to resemble the life that they see on the Internet and in the West . Today , the debate is over “ core inflation , ” which excludes food
and energy prices because they are too volatile . WARSAW – The agreement by the American and Russian presidents to renew strategic arms reductions has revived hope for the global abolition of nuclear arms
. Yet there is a real concern that the extremists , who are politically well organized , are seeking to gain control by the ballot over less-organized liberals , thus preventing peace and stability . A counterweight
to the peace crowd “ ” may be new migrants from Eastern Europe , for whom cuts in social services would break no promises , and for whom job availability and wage levels are more important . But it will
take some time before the new migrants gain decisive political influence , and the problems of Iran and Russia for Europe require immediate attention . Or to pose the question more broadly , is it so clear
that advisers should always steer clear of dictatorial regimes ? The size of the challenges that we face was made clear at the beginning of this year , when a measles outbreak killed more than 300 children
in Pakistan most – of whom had not received vaccines . So , underpinning his theory of evolution is the literal interpretation of the Bible that dominated his era , combined with Aristotle s vision ’ of
nature as definitively fixed . But there should be no free lunches either . This year ’ s task may be to reach a global understanding in Copenhagen that is not too prescriptive , but which is more than aspirational
and into which an American domestic political agreement can be incorporated once Obama achieves it . Each firm and business association must decide on the best strategies and tactics to pursue in their
countries . There , the government , whose statistical agency puts annual inflation at 10 % , is punishing private-sector economists who release much higher estimates – typically around 25 % – with heavy
fines . Of course , ancient and difficult issues divide Armenia and Turkey . Other American officials have taken to calling PTA s trade agreements ’ “ for the twenty-first century . ” For this reason , it
is relevant to ask whether a country as large as Germany – or even a large state like California or Texas augments or depletes global aggregate demand – . For Santos , reconciling peace and justice in a
complicated domestic political context may require alternative formulas , such as reduced sentences , community penalties , conditional verdicts , or asylum in third countries . To achieve this , it will
probably have to transcend its Marxists Leninist � heritage – something it has begun to do in important ways . Americans and Europeans are beginning to understand that neither they , nor their children
, can assume that they will become wealthier over time . In fact , African-Americans do not fully support him . With his white mother and his African father , he does not fit any African-American precedent
. Expected benefits would increase further if we included the chance that potentially higher climate sensitivities would exacerbate damages , even though doing so would require including similarly plausible
lower climate sensitivities , which would push in the opposite direction . Palin ’ s approval ratings among women fell as they learned more about what she stands for . But the more immediate problem remains
deflation , given high unemployment and excess capacity . If the economy recovers more robustly than I anticipate , spending can be canceled . The third important area of progress is in military reform
, including a decision to cut the numerical strength of the Armed Forces over the next three years . For his admirers and critics alike , Meles leaves behind a potent political legacy . He will be remembered
as an African leader of major historical significance : visionary , despotic , and indispensable . PRAGUE – Since the election of President Viktor Yanukovych in 2010 , Ukraine has experienced a significant
and alarming deterioration in its democratic framework . And yet , until a year or two ago , some political pundits were asking , “ Who lost Turkey ? ” or “ Whither Turkey ? ” – the assumption being that
Turkey had shifted its foreign-policy axis away from the West . In fact , Turkey s external orientation has ’ remained constant , because it rests on the values that we share with the free world . This
has been done in the US , where taxes have become less progressive , with tax cuts given to the winners – those who benefit from both globalization and technological changes . An explicit remedy is to raise
revenues through higher contributions , increased labor force participation , stronger productivity growth , or larger transfers from general tax revenue . The last emperor of the Tang Dynasty proclaimed
seven era names in fourteen years , as he sought in vain to re-brand “ ” his reign and avoid his regime s demise ’ . But if conflict does erupt , the cost is far higher . When the territorial dispute between
Japan and China over the Senkaku / Diaoyu islands flared anew last year , Japanese auto exports to China plummeted 80 % in just three months . In fact , the woman who protested that she hated Europe would
still like very much to see Turkey in the EU . If the US first makes an effort to consult others and try a multilateral approach , its occasional unilateral tactics are more likely to be forgiven . But
if America succumbs to the unilateralist temptation too easily , it is likely to encounter the criticisms that the Bush Administration is now encountering . At the Shwe gas fields along the Burmese cost
, estimated to be among the largest reserves in the world , two pipelines are to be constructed : one to China from the nearby port of Kyauk Phru , and the other to India from the port of Sittwe . LDP lawmakers
and mandarins developed a routine in which mandarins drafted cabinet-sponsored bills , LDP lawmakers checked the bills , and the two together finalized legislative drafts before they were introduced to
the Diet ( parliament ) . I entered economics because I wanted to understand and do something about these phenomena . The Middle East can end its state of permanent crisis only if it builds a comprehensive
foundation for peace . The most explicit call for the use of dollar reserves to finance a major program of infrastructure modernization has come from India , which has a similar problem to the one facing
China and Japan . Moreover , it did so without an endgame strategy , and with a level of force so " underwhelming " that it made the outrageous behavior at the Abu Ghraib prison almost inevitable . Our Children
s Economics ’ Moreover , the entire global economy will contract . China will not be able to get its way if the profitability of this synchronization breaks down . The point of reciting these challenges facing
the world is to suggest that , even if Obama and other world leaders do everything right , the US and the global economy are in for a difficult period . The debtor countries would regain their competitiveness
. As things now stand , he would be justified in demanding greater international support rather than allow his country to bleed to death as Argentina is now doing . America Goes from Teacher to Student Fortunately
, it is not too late to build broader pipes that compliment and replace the damaged infrastructure . And no country is likely to bomb a NATO country to redress NATO violations of international law in the
Balkans . Absent a Palestinian partner , and given continuing Palestinian terrorism - which Israel 's harsh responses fail to quell - what Sharon appears to be doing now follows from his strategic-oriented
thinking : set up an effective barrier , move some of the isolated and strategically untenable settlements , and wait for another day . But China has another motive for tightening the noose on rare-earth
exports : it wants to force high-tech firms to operate in China , so that local companies can absorb their technologies . A senior official of a Chinese company has said that , even though rare-earth exports
have been restricted , Japanese companies can secure their supply by launching operations in China . In addition , climate change will put stress on weak governments in poor countries and may lead to an
increase in the number of failed states and become an indirect source of international conflict . He has created a network of military and security forces that report directly to him , often outside the
legal command structure . Open societies are incompatible with closed economies . What works in one setting is unlikely to work in another . As he put it in 1951 , “ Many places don ’ t dare to kill counter-revolutionaries
on a grand scale with big publicity . A recent non-partisan report by the Public Diplomacy Council called for a new Agency for Public Diplomacy within the State Department , 24-hour English-language broadcasts
by the Voice of America , and a fourfold budget increase over the next five years . The exporting countries central banks ’ responded by reducing their emissions of fresh money to be lent to the domestic
economy . Otherwise , risking major brand damage , they will end up adding yet another item to an already-overloaded plate of challenges for the next generation . Aside from the eurozone , the US , Japan
, and the United Kingdom all need a weaker currency . Those who stayed behind began to vote in strange ways electing – , for example , the successors of the old Communist parties that they had been glad
to get rid of only a few years before . Mexico ’ s bad health is a symptom of problems that run deeper and are more widespread than swine flu . Over the past ten years , political and economic actors intent
on preserving the status quo have blocked further democratic change and economic reform , condemning Mexico to move sideways , even as other emerging markets surge ahead . Indeed , Néstor Kirchner once
accused Bergoglio of being the head of the opposition coalition , and refused to attend a traditional mass a Te Deum – – because he was afraid that he would be the subject of the then-Cardinal Bergoglio
s sermon ’ . There is no question about the necessity for the turnaround . However , with hindsight , one might ask whether an earlier loosening by the PBC would have been wiser . But the incessant , extended
media coverage of the investigation suggests that the MPD has provided – and possibly even leaked information – from the investigation to journalists , a routine but legally dubious means of gaining public
support . MANILA – In 1980 , my father arrived in the United States to undergo a heart bypass , due to the rigors of his imprisonment by the dictatorship of Ferdinand Marcos . The dictatorship offered him
a reprieve , but , true to its nature , one dependent on its whims . Having determined that , it was easy to date the end of the recession . Given the long-standing relationship between Pakistan s Islamic
militants ’ and the military , it became clear there were limits to how far Musharraf was prepared to go in the war “ on terrorism . ” But use of fossil fuels , and hence higher CO2 emissions , seems to
go hand in hand with growth . The Great Global Bargain Hunt Bank officers got rewarded for higher returns – whether they were a result of improved performance ( doing better than the market ) or just more
risk taking ( higher leverage ) . Housing prices are on a rollercoaster ride , and we may never be able to make complete sense of their movements , other than to understand the volatility that they represent
. It is an opportunity that should not be missed . The excitement is not anxiety-free , however , and rightly so . Why do such moderate actions , rooted in the Chinese moral tradition , provoke such dramatic
repression ? Hu and Chen clearly respect the law . The decline in US wealth as a share of the US economy is even larger , around 100 % of annual income , and perhaps 70 % of annual income in Europe and
Asia . Today , Europe needs peace between cultures as much as it once needed peace between nations , and it is for this reason that we must welcome Turkey into our midst . And the very cumbersome US Treasury
proposal – which combines removing toxic assets from banks balance sheets ’ while providing government guarantees – was so non-transparent and complicated that the markets dove as soon as it was announced
. But parliaments demand a minimal national consensus if they are to function , for they are creatures of compromise in decision-making . And yet the income distributions across advanced economies , presumably
subject to similar technological and global market forces , are , in fact , startlingly different , suggesting that a combination of social policies and differing social norms does have a distributional
impact . Learning from Rwanda Fourth , large-scale liquidity provision for solvent governments is necessary to avoid a spike in spreads and loss of market access that would turn illiquidity into insolvency
. Russia has long had the upper hand in Turkmenistan . This year provides an especially important opportunity to use this potential for action . One learned religious teacher , for example , refused to believe
that a man had landed on the moon . But the next one will probably lead to a serious settling of scores . Markets , regulatory frameworks , and public-sector investments are means to attain shared goals
. The administration , political and policy elites , and private-sector leaders need to state clearly that the main goal of domestic economic policy and strategy is to reestablish a pattern of inclusive
growth and employment . But Germany ’ s defeat , however widely celebrated , holds much cause for concern . And , regardless of whatever political motivations might lie behind the latest investigations ,
this market concentration is a real problem . So gold remains John Maynard Keynes s barbarous relic ’ “ , ” with no intrinsic value and used mainly as a hedge against mostly irrational fear and panic . China
claims that it is entitled to play a role in setting the rules that govern the international system . Until now , its success was based on positive competition between local governments and different ministries
, benchmarked according to performance indicators such as GDP and fiscal revenues . Unfortunately , this has led to problems of social equity and environmental sustainability , which require complex coordination
of bureaucratic silos in order to overcome the resistance of powerful vested interests . Many pivotal stakeholders also are advocating for a more rational immigration system . Putin 's corrupt and irresponsible
regime has become part of the system of oligarchic parasitism , with its pathologically unjust distribution of incomes and property . But a recent McKinsey survey of more than 2,800 employers worldwide
has underscored just how flawed that perception is . Four out of ten employers said that they cannot find workers to fill entry-level positions in their firms , with more than one-third of respondents
saying that their businesses are suffering from a lack of appropriate skills in the labor market . This could be the beginning of effective democratic rule for the first time in these countries . But , the
Irish story has not had a happy ending . First , unlike health care , where we can afford to proceed incrementally , the need for comprehensive financial reform is pressing . Then , humiliatingly , Singh
inquired , sotto voce , of those surrounding him : “ Was it all right ? ” It could also be relevant to purchases of debt from distressed member states . Numerical weather forecasting was invented in the
US , but today other countries have developed extremely high modeling capacity . Relations between the United States and Iran have been officially non-existent since a group of radical students stormed
the US embassy in Teheran 25 years – ago this week – taking sixty six Americans hostage for 444 days . Sixty years ago , Arak was a humble village known to US troops for its grapes ; today Pentagon officials
hone in on it as an industrial city that is integral to Iran s ’ worrisome nuclear program . By highlighting the factors that correlate with success , the Legatum Prosperity Index should spur policymakers
and citizens to reconsider their priorities . However , current policies in the major advanced economies are aimed at maintaining current consumption levels in order to support growth and employment . The
Allure of Asia Radical groups receive immense support from the large share of the population that opposes women ’ s rights . The Taliban , for example , have consistently used an anti-women policy to appeal
to tribal and rural people . His staff leaked the contents of a conversation he claimed to have had with Paul Tucker , a senior Bank of England official , suggesting that the BoE had told Barclays to report
inaccurate interest-rate numbers . South Africa is investing heavily to join the world s leaders ’ in space research . The bottom may be near – perhaps by the end of the year . But that does not mean that
the global economy is set for a robust recovery any time soon . I get over three hundred e-mails a day , sometimes twice that . But are those standards really an imposition ? The protectionist anti-globalization
impetuses of the left are less visible in political parties than in labor movements , but these can shape political programs . For unions , the new right is a competitive challenge for support . Even after
the dollar s recent rally ’ relative to the euro , the trade-weighted value of the dollar is now 15 % lower against a broad basket of major currencies than it was a decade ago , and 30 % lower than it
was 25 years ago . Suddenly , economists ( especially in the United States ) began to measure substantial productivity gains . Recall that a homegrown anti-government fanatic , Timothy McVeigh , perpetrated
the worst case of terrorism in the US before September 11th , 2001 . But the main lesson of 9 / 11 is that in any free society a tiny number of people can exploit their freedom and do vast damage , especially
when the underlying motivation is incoherent . This is exemplified in very different ways by the murderous killing spree in Norway in July , and now by WikiLeaks disgraceful release ’ of huge numbers of
unredacted diplomatic cables . In one scenario , we assumed that the Israeli labor market will be progressively re-opened . The fears of China s rulers ’ , I suspect , do not bode well for reaching a peaceful
resolution of its territorial disputes in the South and East China Seas . A country that is unstable “ at the grass roots , dejected in the middle strata and out of control at the top , ” as a group of
Chinese scholars recently put it , may see adventurism abroad as the best means of maintaining unity at home . The Palestinians have presented to their Israeli counterparts ( through the Americans ) a written
offer that includes giving up lands occupied by Israel in 1967 and now populated by Israeli settlers . In other parts of the economy , where we see excess returns , we usually look for some weakness in
competition , or perhaps for the exploitation of insider information , which excludes new entrants . There is some truth in this . When it seizes the government - think of Hitler , Lenin , Mussolini , even
of Mullah Omar in Afghanistan - all laughter stops . BUENOS AIRES – There are two ways to look at Greece s majestically unsustainable sovereign-debt mountain ’ . Expectations become self-fulfilling , oil
prices rise , a speculative bubble is born . This supportive context provided a roadmap for national policymakers , helping them to build democratic institutions and marginalize extremists . One Hong Kong
scion whose wife is from an elite Thai family estimates that perhaps 20 families control most of Thai business . Or are these simply the old stonewalling tactics ? The shoot-out s individual competition
’ for heroism or misery is really alien to such a team game as football , but it is accepted as a necessary way to resolve the stalemate . By September 1990 , each of the metals had dropped in price : chromium
by 5 % , tin by a whopping 74 % . Explanations abound for the fevered anti-Japanese protests that broke out across China last month . In the 1990 s , annual monetary growth ’ averaged only 3.9 % , and the
average inflation rate was just 2.9 % . Inclusive institutions create a level playing field and give incentives and opportunities to the great mass of people . Cells in laboratory cultures that are resistant
to chemotherapies typically lose their resistance when the chemicals are removed . Lung cancer cells that are resistant to the chemotherapy gemcitabine are less proliferative , invasive , and motile than
their drug-sensitive counterparts . This is true also for other kinds of group hatred , but the Holocaust makes anti-Semitism unique , because it is an emotion complicit in the near annihilation of an entire
people . Does the world want and need Leninism with its shopping malls ? Why not , for example , entrust an independent bureaucracy with some redistributive goals or control over the level of public investment
or deficit management ? The Middle East has been losing for too long , because its national leaders have been seeking to win in their own way , for their own purposes , and at everyone s cost ’ but their
own . But Blair 's deeper purpose will be to try to ensure that if negotiations on the EU Constitution break down , Britain is not stranded permanently in the outer ring of a two-speed Europe . What is unexpected
is that the new wealth is flowing not to the shareholders of dot-com companies , but to purchasers and users of high-tech capital and the consumers they serve . Meanwhile , Islamic cultures entered a historical
phase in which science was equated with Western influence and eschewed . The MDGs , adopted in 2000 , will conclude in 2015 , to be followed by the SDGs , most likely for the 2015-2030 period . Shockingly
, he declared that he did not know who really won . These early signs of deglobalization of financial markets have their parallels in commercial banking , with some of the biggest global institutions retrenching
rapidly . But the PBC is also reluctant to buy dollars constantly . They also participate successfully in a market economy while seeking to preserve an egalitarian social model . Second , investment in real-estate
development accounts for nearly one-quarter of the total . On the contrary , she supports an independent ECB and has let Germany ’ s trade unions and companies know that they will have to live with a strong
currency and an anti-inflationary monetary policy . And , with slow growth , subdued inflation , near-zero short-term interest rates , and more QE , longer-term interest rates in most advanced economies
remain low ( with the exception of the eurozone periphery , where sovereign risk remains relatively high ) . This policy has deeply divided Israel : the settlers – mostly , but not exclusively religious
– feel betrayed by Sharon , “ The Father of the Settlements . ” It is now the Israeli left that , however reluctantly , realizes that Sharon ’ s new pragmatism may be the first step in the right direction
. Climate science is a subtle and fiendishly convoluted discipline that rarely yields unambiguous forecasts or straightforward prescriptions . And after 20 years of much talk but precious little action
on global warming , a certain amount of frustration is to be expected . These are three of the most important parts of the world , and in each the American military presence plays a constructive role . Citing
company policy , Wendy s managers ’ refused even to accept a letter from the protesters about signing on to the FFP and gave them the telephone number of Wendy s corporate spokesperson ’ . Activists say
that calling that number elicits a form-letter statement , and that no one ever speaks with them directly . At the same time , however , one shouldn t ’ lose sight of the joint interests linking Russia
and the West . These days , however , he has a twenty-first-century instrument in his pocket ; incoming calls in India are free under most calling plans , so it costs him nothing to find out where his services
are needed . Chávez , no doubt , will cast himself as an opponent of the plutocracy that once ruled the country with the backing of the traditional , and highly corrupt , political parties . This probably
explains why at least some animal clones have problems with their hearts , lungs , and immune systems . Yet the US has no presence in the FATA . It has little contact or communication with its people and
leaders . Danone , General Mills , and Kellogg s ’ were at the bottom , with a rating of “ very poor . ” Corporate campaign contributions increasingly undermine the democratic process , with the blessing
of the US Supreme Court . Maybe not , but Americans will certainly find global hegemony a lot more expensive if the dollar falls off its perch . Strained political relations among most of Asia s sub-regions
’ make a region-wide security structure or more effective resource cooperation difficult to achieve . This signals risk aversion and mistrust of counterparties . Microsoft 's huge investments in Cambridge
, England , and the $ 200 million Bill Gates gave its ancient university for scholarships for technology students from around the world , helped Cambridge become a powerful center of technological innovation
. She did not stay in the air-conditioned hotels and the parliamentary chambers of the nations she visited ; she went to tiny impoverished villages , to places where women walk four miles a day for water
, to places where women were basing their families ’ prosperity on a $ 20 loan for a sewing machine . Under traditional agricultural conditions , the yields of grain rice – , wheat , maize , sorghum , or
millet – are usually around one ton per hectare , for one planting season per year . To Italian lawmakers , mired in stalemate and indecision , the French executive ’ s considerable influence over the parliament
is appealing . Pumiliotoxins , like those manufactured by the Panamanian poison frog , may lead to medicines that strengthen heart contractions – important in treating cardiac disease . First , as the skeptics
warned , when hordes of pundits are jostling for the limelight , many are tempted to claim that they know more than they do . But , even if the Young General “ ” or his aunt turn out not to be unhinged
megalomaniacs , the looming changeover opens a new era of uncertainty , particularly given North Korea s economic woes ’ . That will save the euro , but it is also a step toward the permanent division of
Europe into debtors and creditors . In the election of 2005 , the LDP retained power only because Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi positioned the LDP as an agent of change . If we compare this geographical
distribution with a global snapshot of nuclear sites prior to the Three Mile Island nuclear meltdown in the United States in 1979 , a striking correlation emerges between countries nuclear-energy policy
’ and their geopolitical standing and economic vigor . Banks everywhere are learning the hard way that the debt with which the US financed its consumption boom will not necessarily be repaid . The mortgage-backed
securities that US banks succeeded in selling to the world are not comparable to European assets with similar names . Second , the US and its European allies need to help create the external security environment
and regional context in which democratic change can occur . Providing security is crucial in fostering democratic development . The Fed s first priority ’ is to try to keep the American economy from dropping
too far below full employment , and to try and avoid a US meltdown contaminating other economies . If employment and incomes in America crash , US demand for imports crashes – and not just America but
the whole world will slide into recession . Indeed , the test of success of any new Mediterranean structure will be the degree to which it meets the aspirations and scrutiny of this young , politically
aware generation throughout the region . But , in the face of a severe recession and endless real wars , hot-button culture war issues “ ” don ’ t have the mobilizing power that they once did . In their
view , capital punishment serves at least to restrain the homicidal leanings of human beings . There have not been any studies with data on childhood intelligence , lots of subsequent data on adult health
behaviors , and then a long-term follow-up for deaths . And only such a study could tell us whether it is these healthy behaviors that explain the link between intelligence and death . Sharon 's latest
statements , though , explicitly specified the settlements to be evacuated ; the Director of the National Security Council , General Giora Eiland , was appointed to chair an inter-ministerial Relocation
Committee and work out plans for conducting the evacuations , including compensation for relocated settlers . Such a mindset naturally puts a huge premium on close and harmonious transatlantic relations
, to the point that , for Europeans , closeness and harmony become the objective itself , without reference to what ends they might serve . While China may be a ravenous importer of Latin American commodities
, it is also a formidable competitor . But while Bush was not held back four years ago by the lack of a popular mandate in pushing his agenda , he may be emboldened by the seeming ringing endorsement to
push even harder - such as making the tax cuts permanent and partially privatizing social security . If adopted , these measures will further compound America 's fiscal mess . In 1969 , Canada ’ s former
prime minister , Lester Pearson , recommended that developed countries should spend 0.7 % of their GDP on ODA by 1975 , and that they should eventually increase the proportion to 1 % . In a recent visit
to this tropical archipelago of 1.3 million people , I had a chance to see some of the leaps Mauritius has taken – accomplishments that can seem bewildering in light of the debate in the US and elsewhere
. Consider home ownership : while American conservatives say that the government s ’ attempt to extend home ownership to 70 % of the US population was responsible for the financial meltdown , 87 % of Mauritians
own their own homes – without fueling a housing bubble . In 1993 , Bosnia 's Muslems were promised that UN forces would protect them . Turkish Cypriots have withdrawn into Turkey s embrace and have ’ attempted
to gain greater international recognition . The anchor was there from the beginning . The important thing for Copenhagen is that decisions are taken now for investments that will yield benefits later . Indeed
, public protests against China s commercial exploitation ’ of Burma s natural resources ’ became so widespread that the government called a halt to construction by Chinese investors on the huge and environmentally
damaging Myitsone Dam on the Irrawaddy River . It is when we worry about relative prices that we get most angry about monetary policy – and when central banks seem to offer no answer . Next year will almost
certainly see a massive rise in US corporate defaults , even though many firms entered the recession with relatively strong balance sheets . State and municipal finances are in even worse shape . In the
real world there was no other way of helping . Instead , the keys to growth and development appeared to lie beyond an increase in capital intensity as measured by capital-output ratios : skills , education
, technology broadly understood , and improvements in organizational management . Many stood up to the US as it pushed for the war in Iraq . They were right to be skeptical about US claims of an imminent
danger from weapons of mass destruction . Whereas the KGB once shaped Kremlin decisions to move troops into Hungary or Czechoslovakia , today the same calculating minds determine how Gazprom is to be deployed
in the service of Russia s foreign policy ’ . In 1990 , Turkey had a more advanced market economy and a much greater experience with democracy than the Eastern European countries about to join the EU . As
a result , Sweden fell from third to approximately seventeenth place in the OECD in terms of GDP per capita . This can partly be explained by the catch up mechanism “ ” , as technologically less advanced
countries imported technology from more advanced countries . Venezuela and China have become Cuba s main economic and commercial partners ’ , and may continue to be so . Europe and , – within it , Germany
– were among the big winners of November 9 , 1989 . Unless these rules and institutions are further developed , globalization , too , will take an ever more chaotic shape . But if you pay a small bribe ,
you travel for 50 rubles . By 2030 , according to the World Bank , there will be two billion more people , mainly Asians , in the middle class . Ironically , the two leaders who most emphasized the need
for leadership in Asia and across the Pacific recently left office . It is rising , but how ? Governments should concentrate on keeping money sound “ ” and leave the economy to look after itself . Finally
, those who view the Great Depression as fundamentally a product of tight fiscal policies and “ Treasury orthodoxy ” overlook the much greater culpability of a fixed exchange-rate regime for the transmission
of bad monetary policy , and thus for fueling the contraction . At the same time , the majority population s attitude ’ has become more hostile almost everywhere in Europe . The proposal is also rife with
latent conflict of interest issues . Unless the Treasury overpays for the securities , the scheme would not bring relief . Their opponents focus on the disruptive effects of immigration , particularly among
the most vulnerable citizens in countries that already suffer from high unemployment . To be sure , America s presence ’ in Afghanistan has spawned important regional linkages ; unfortunately , they are
not the kind that support economic renewal . The last decade of war and lawlessness has facilitated the Taliban s proliferation ’ across Pakistan and Afghanistan , leading the Taliban to consider itself
an indefatigable force – a belief that could lead its leaders to undercut any progress toward stability . As it stands , the SGP is an obstacle to such reforms . Soon after World War II , physicists at the
University of Chicago started a journal called the Bulletin of Atomic Scientists to promote arms control . Kennedy s ’ pragmatism prevented World War III . It needs policies that hold out the promise of
lower unemployment and better times . Yet the BBC reported in 2000 that the fabled Northwest Passage was already without ice . Many a government minister , Bank officer and NGO representative has experienced
his blunt criticism , as well as his effusive praise . This was the case in the US . The authorities acquired some of the toxic assets “ ” , which over time became easier to value , as a few years of data
on mortgage delinquency rates allowed investors to find ways to measure the risk . The United States relies on generous tax incentives to encourage personal retirement savings , but these incentives are
poorly targeted and yield limited returns . Rich countries have long meddled , often with their own corruption and incompetence , in the internal affairs of the countries that they now lecture . The US
preaches “ good governance ” in the shadow of an unprovoked war , congressional bribery scandals , and windfalls for politically connected companies like Halliburton . Opinion polls indicate a good deal
of support among the American public for the UN . But there is also intense distrust of the UN among segments of the public and with certain elites . The Vatican s stance ’ on the Italian vote is emblematic
of a broader threat to the very foundation of modern liberal democracy : the constitutional separation of Church and State . In a recent visit to Copenhagen to commemorate International Women s Day ’ ,
I took part in many conversations that duplicate others throughout Europe : citizens from across the political spectrum were struggling with the issue of non-European immigration and the cultural tensions
that have ensued . The EMP evolved in 2004 into the European Neighborhood Policy framework , and in 2007 , the European Neighborhood Policy Instrument ( ENPI ) replaced MEDA as the EU s main financing mechanism
’ for Euro-Mediterranean policy . They assessed the health of major financial institutions , and then established asset management companies to acquire non-performing loans at a fraction of face value ,
as well as restructuring agencies to close insolvent banks , nationalize ailing ones , and recapitalize viable ones . Moreover , science is humanity s best hope ’ for addressing such existential threats
as climate change , emerging pathogens , extra-terrestrial bolides , and a burgeoning population . As current ASEAN chair , he floated the idea of concertedly requesting a pardon for Aung San Suu Kyi . Yet
a mechanism of this kind can only work if a third party ( the US , the US “ plus , ” or the Middle East Quartet ) is available to monitor the agreement . Otherwise , disputes about fulfillment of this
or that provision will lead the entire process back into the familiar quicksand of Middle East futility . Asia 's population has more than doubled since 1950 , with most of that growth coming in its poorest
countries . Moreover , corruption is the bane of development everywhere , so new governments should move fast to establish institutions and procedures to fight it . G-8 countries , the supposed champions
of the global free-trade agenda that dominates the World Trade Organization , accounted for the lion s share ’ of these measures . In an ideal world , distressed countries would default as soon as private
markets stopped funding them , and they would impose the losses on private bondholders . In the real world , however , if Italy and Spain are viewed as being solvent , or too big to fail , official funding
should be structured so that it gives these countries their best chance to regain market confidence . If lower is always better , why not set the target at 1 % , or even zero ? Developments in Egypt will
have uneven consequences in the region . Not every country will be affected equally . Germany has done that admirably . Their galleries showed in a visible and very public way the discernment and judgment
that their financial business depended on . The sanctions adopted by the EU and the US against Assad s regime ’ are not enough . It could also help lessen the tendency of some governments to gravitate ever
closer towards the booming Chinese economy . Investors come here because they link Ireland ’ s eurozone membership to our long-term economic stability and access to outside support if necessary . There are
several reasons for this success , and Mahathir deserves much of the credit . But , far from being able to play the role of bridge-builder between the US and Iran , India is being forced to walk a policy
tightrope , and its desire to chart a neutral course has annoyed both sides . This list is a long one , but it could easily be much longer . In the late 1990 s ’ and early 2000 s ’ , anti-globalization demonstrations
targeted the World Trade Organization , the International Monetary Fund , the World Economic Forum , and McDonald s ’ . The idea that economic growth is determined by a battle for global market share in
manufactured goods is easy for politicians to grasp and to communicate to their electorates . Economies running external surpluses are regarded as “ competitive , ” regardless of their productivity or
growth performance . The other is the share of exports by foreign firms of total Chinese exports : this rose from 15 % to almost 40 % during the same period . This has left the Conservative opposition without
an effective response . So far , the US authorities have focused on bringing Snowden home to face espionage charges . But it is in America s national interest ’ to ensure that the Vienna Convention is respected
– without question and as a matter of routine – in order to ensure the safety and inviolability of its own missions abroad . Our study concludes that India can have faster economic and industrial growth
, higher rates of energy consumption , and a cleaner environment . But this is not what has happened so far . Others feel suffocated by the prevailing toxic discourse that casts European Muslims as foreign
, alien , and suspect . Laws enacted to single out and “ persecute Muslims ” , and statements that affirm the Islamophobia of our media , buttress the absurd notion that what we are really witnessing is
a war “ on Islam . ” Moreover , in foreign policy , as in life itself , outlooks can be self-reinforcing , and self-fulfilling . This is clearly the case with labor markets and unemployment : American companies
have reacted to recession with massive layoffs , whereas European companies – with the exception of Spanish firms , but not of British companies – have been doing their best to hoard labor . If inequality
is one negative aspect of radical capitalism - to some extent mitigated by the public sector - the other one is the potential corruption of capitalist institutions : call it the Enron syndrome . Azerbaijan
is no exception , and Russia , having been burned by its naked intervention on behalf of the governments in Georgia and Ukraine , has given every indication that it intends to sit this one out . Parading
triumphantly through the streets , he reinforced the idea – at home and abroad – that Hamas had been victorious . Fourth , the IMF and others should stop peddling monetary mischief such as currency boards
and fixed exchange rates . And bilateral trade is booming , worth $ 88 billion per year . Can terrorists be soldiers or state agents ? It would also underscore a basic truth : the common challenge of sustainable
development should unify a world divided by income , religion , and geography . Evergreen is only one of many cases suggesting that the US might find itself in the midst of what Princeton-economist Alan
Blinder in 2005 dubbed the Third Industrial Revolution . The most mundane example is one you will see in every supermarket : checkout staff replaced by a single employee monitoring a bank of self-service
machines . The process of gradual nuclear disarmament must be set in motion . It will not produce results overnight , but it would give us a sense of direction , a chance to strengthen non-proliferation
mechanisms , and an opportunity to establish a global , cooperative non-nuclear security system . But there were as many Basin Street Blues as there were performances . This progress is all the more important
given the complacency that led to a complete standstill in research and development for new TB interventions toward the end of the twentieth century . Four years ago , Chávez deviated from the old constitution
by using a plebiscite to engineer a new one , tailor-made for him . This is why many Germans wonder whether the foreign criticism is fair . Some members held senior posts in Qaddafi s government ’ ; others
were social activists . Second , price discrepancies do have a lot to do with limited retail competition and a long tradition of anti-competitive practices . These are perhaps the only two certainties in
Mexico ’ s politics right now . With oil prices higher than ever , its country-risk premiums lower than ever , remittances from abroad , tourism revenues , and foreign investment hitting all time highs
, and annual GDP growth estimated at 4.2 % for this year , Mexicans – in many ways – have never had it so good . Indeed , the decades following it have been rife with bloody conflicts in which entire population
groups have been murdered . This is super-charged American soft power . Dozens of protocols and agreements on new projects have been signed with China . But missing from this array of arguments is the damage
a bankruptcy of the Big Three would do to financial markets . Indeed , for practically all of Latin America s countries ’ , China is one of the ten main trade partners – and already in second place in several
– with rates of growth well above total trade . So I have no doubt that Britain must remain influential within the Union . But British policy towards the EU has often led to worse rather than better relations
among member states . Here , too , mechanisms are needed for sharing new technologies and helping poorer countries pay for them in exchange for adopting policies that reduce greenhouse-gas emissions . After
all , the transformation from hero to zero can be swift . Government support for biofuel is only one example of a knee-jerk green policy “ ” that creates lucrative opportunities for a self-interested group
of businesses but does very little to help the planet . Consider the financial support afforded early-generation renewable-energy companies . Political parties that rely on an aging constituency are not
tempted to call for change . The sort of shaky short-term political coalitions that rule Japan nowadays prefer to buy time through so-called public stimulus , or to preserve inefficient companies with
subsidies . Twenty years of such shortsighted policies , whatever the party in power , have fueled government debt , hindering private investment . From the beginning , there was no intention to damage
the identity of the native-born Arabs , or to merge it with the traditional Jewish identity . Because the Arabs had no corresponding historical model from which to learn how to relate to the phenomenon
that had overtaken them , they tried to interpret Zionism as colonialism , and thought that other nations fight ’ against colonialism provided a model for resistance . The simple fact that an economy had
recently undergone a period of mass unemployment made it difficult to recover levels of growth and employment that are often attained as a matter of course . The problem for post-WWII Europe , mired in
depression and inflation , was that it lacked foreign reserves , which meant that trade carried a high opportunity cost . To facilitate trade without requiring payment after each transaction , the Organization
for European Economic Cooperation created the European Payments Union in 1950 . Should he choose to exercise his vast residual influence through United Russia ( with its inevitable majority in the newly
elected parliament ) , we will know that he means what he says . If , by contrast , he leaves the presidency , gets himself appointed prime minister , and overhauls the constitution to shift powers from
the former to the latter , we will know that he is going for a personal regime after all . In addition to the countless forms , lengthy questionnaires , and background investigations , there was an interview
with a paralegal whose job was to ferret out any information that might conceivably bear on the nomination . In 2007-2008 , the sins of the bankers were visited on the politicians ; now the reverse is true
. Perhaps there is a difference : the bankers sins ’ were sins of commission , while the politicians sins ’ – repeated failed efforts to produce a solution to match the scale of the problem – are sins
of omission . Caste , once again , is casting its shadow over India s politics ’ . Caste-based reservations “ ” ( reserved places ) in education and government employment are supposed to benefit India ’
s most deprived , but in reality they have hardened , rather than eroded , India ’ s ancient system of discrimination . In a January 14 conference call with reporters , Keiji Fukuda , the special adviser
to the WHO s director general ’ for pandemic flu , argued that the organization did not overplay the dangers but “ prepared for the worst and hoped for the best . ” But the US will begin to withdraw troops
after 2014 , without having defined a political solution in line with its interests . It is based on the bet that there will be a considerable economic upswing from mid-2004 onwards until the next national
elections in autumn 2006 - and that voters will attribute the expected recovery to the economic , labour market and welfare state reforms , called " Agenda 2010 , " that Schröder has made the hallmark
of his chancellorship . Then they should come back to work and do their job properly , by phasing in much higher capital requirements in a responsible manner . Behind such differences lie deep political
and cultural traditions concerning the role of the state in everyday life . This is where the United States really is different from France and Germany , while Britain has a similar tradition of distrusting
the state rather than relying on it . Inefficiencies in processing and clearing goods put traders in developing countries at a competitive disadvantage . Outdated and inefficient border procedures and inadequate
infrastructure often mean high transaction costs , long delays , opportunities for corruption , and an additional 10-15 % in the cost of getting goods to market – even more in landlocked countries . Of
course , most of us don ’ t need to be conditioned to feel repulsed by rape or torture . If this happens when we claim to love trees , I shudder to think what would happen if we were ambivalent about them
? The first type aims at an institutional reordering , so that inefficiencies and perverse incentives are removed , and the economy functions more smoothly and efficiently . The second , more radical approach
, tries to improve not the economy but the way people themselves go about their lives . Those internal differences are what have kept the US on the sidelines during the latest Middle East upheavals . There
has been little mutual trust lately between the governments of Russia and the European Union . In the time of the Soviet Union , the KGB would have indicted these anti-Putin dissidents for mental disorders
. They expand locally and globally to satisfy market demand , providing the illicit goods and services that societies want . The DSM-III s confusion ’ of normal intense sadness and depressive mental disorder
, which persists to the present , emerged inadvertently from psychiatry s response ’ to challenges to the profession during the 1970 s ’ . A powerful group of research psychiatrists was dissatisfied with
the definitions of depression and other common mental disorders in the earlier , psychoanalytically-influenced diagnostic manuals . He was wrong . They prefer to live in freedom and in parliamentary democracies
. At these moments , it is easiest to accommodate the movements by letting all prices rise , but to differing extents . Some econometric attempts have been made to identify long-term cycles in both inflation
and monetary growth . NEW HAVEN – The China doubters are back in force . Perhaps if those securitized packages had been properly rated , the originating institution would be obliged to retain a share to
signal to the market that risk was being controlled . Such differences were a highly complicating factor for the newly established European Central Bank ( ECB ) , which had to determine the appropriate
interest rate for all members ( the so-called one size “ fits all policy ) ” . The larger the differences have become during the euro s first decade ’ , the more the ECB s policy ’ could be described as
“ one size fits none . ” The question , of course , is what will happen after the Gaza disengagement . The massacre of at least 7,000 Bosnian boys and men followed . Then there are other divisions , including
the Druze , the Alawites , and the Wahabis . Dialogue or Disaster Popular resentment against the remaining ones is growing . In fact , by camouflaging offense as defense , China casts the burden of starting
a war on an opponent , while it seeks to lay the foundation brick – by brick – of a hegemonic Middle Kingdom . Chinese leaders ’ stated desire to resolve territorial disputes peacefully simply means achieving
a position strong enough to get their way without having to fire a shot . Although recognition of Israeli nationality is increasingly widespread , even among most nations of the Middle East , it remains
obstructed by two closely related and dangerous notions – – . What would the Fund have recommended ? It is in recognition of the possible consequences - a return of US isolationism , the emboldening of terrorists
- that many countries sent and retain troops in Iraq . Indeed , Russia , France , and Germany , which confronted the US and Britain at the UN over the Iraq war , and the UN itself , which withdrew early
in the occupation , are all now searching for a way to assist in Iraq 's rehabilitation . Many people have inferred from this sequence of events that US banks – which are critical to both the American and
world economies – are now out of trouble . We should toast the likely successes : some form of financial-product safety commission will be established ; more derivative trading will move to exchanges and
clearing houses from the shadows of the murky bespoke market “ ” ; and some of the worst mortgage practices will be restricted . Moreover , it looks likely that the outrageous fees charged for every debit
transaction – a kind of tax that goes not for any public purpose but to fill the banks coffers ’ – will be curtailed . The term , after all , is predicated on a dangerous misdiagnosis of the problems that
confront the United States and other countries , leading to bad forecasts and bad policy . Harvard economist Martin Feldstein , indeed , believes that " the single currency will be a political impediment
to reform . " Blood relatives are , by definition , very similar to one another . The World Bank lends money to dozens of countries in hundreds of programs . Over the past few decades , anti-nuclear activists
, together with their political representatives in the Green Party , have succeeded in mobilizing hundreds of thousands of protesters . The Blair Option in Palestine Who will replace an obsolete nonproliferation
regime , provide collective security in emerging international hotspots , and build momentum behind Middle East Peace talks ? The IT revolution and associated swarm technologies “ ” enable the foremost
solution : a digital airspace “ ” that is wholly automatic in terms of air traffic control , navigation , and vehicle operations . The three Benelux countries , along with a few other smaller EU nations
, are opposed to the new European president being from a large nation . These dimensions include international legitimacy , values ( including tolerance ) , and public opinion . In the last few years , Chile
has taken some promising steps in this direction . Not long after President George W. Bush came into office , his administration took a hard-line stance against the North Korean regime , calling for a review
of the Clinton administration s policy ’ , and eventually tagging North Korea as a member of the axis “ of evil . ” The issue is not a simple one for the Security Council ’ s two Latin American non-permanent
members , Brazil and Colombia , or for Cuba , Nicaragua , Venezuela , Costa Rica , Argentina , Bolivia , Chile , Ecuador , Peru , Uruguay , and Honduras , which have already recognized Palestine , but
have not yet voted to grant it “ observer ” status at the UN . Meanwhile , Ozawa ’ s electoral challenge has left the DPJ more divided than ever . But they missed the point : Iraq policy had divided allied
democracies , and , with its universal membership , the UN remained an important source of legitimacy in the eyes of most of the world . What kind of nation China aspires to be , and where it is ultimately
headed , is still something of a conundrum . The Liquidity Puzzle Yetit cannot and does not want to join the West wholeheartedly – at least not yet.Meanwhile , this choice looks very different now compared
to just a few years ago . China will most likely regard the cooperation agreement recently announced by the Japanese and Indian defense ministers as a response to US pressure . The greatest successes in
prevention involve what has been called “ combination prevention , ” involving simultaneous and substantial scaling up of multiple interventions , including condom distribution , treatment of sexually
transmitted disease , male circumcision , and peer interventions among sex workers . They relied on the Kremlin to set the conditions that would give them new opportunities . Inconveniently for the film
s producers ’ , however , only the first statement is correct . America ’ s so-called pivot “ to Asia ” might have been necessary from its point of view , given the concerns of its Asian allies about China
. For 350 years , sovereignty – the notion that states are the central actors on the world stage and that governments are essentially free to do what they want within their own territory but not within
the territory of other states – has provided the organizing principle of international relations . The time has come to rethink this notion . It is easy to fast during Ramadan in Afghanistan , Pakistan
, and Egypt , even if one does not want to . But a Muslim living in Europe is confronted with the necessity of objectifying the religion . Ulemas ( religious scholars ) are useless for believers who must
search for purely religious criteria that are no longer linked to a given culture . Likewise , rising unemployment will control labor costs and wage growth . These factors , combined with sharply falling
commodity prices , will cause inflation in advanced economies to ease toward the 1 % level , raising concerns about deflation , not stagflation . International finance economists see a financial crisis
as likely , followed by a painful and perhaps prolonged recession in the United States . Domestically oriented macroeconomists , by contrast , see a forthcoming fall in the value of the dollar not as a
crisis , but as an opportunity to accelerate growth . In a pathetic spectacle of incompetence , Japan 's economy is sinking , its public finances moving to junk bond status . Japan cannot jump-start a recovery
, cannot limit its deficits or at least make them produce growth , it cannot decide whether its central bank should monetize debt , cannot decide on a strong or weak Yen . Her group monitors and documents
the often murderous collusion of right-wing paramilitaries and Colombia s army ’ . Aceh province in Indonesia was previously largely closed to outsiders . Similarly , the social mobility once fostered by
the welfare state has suffered serious reverses . Last month , the HFEA finished a consultation on increasing the level of “ expenses ” payable for eggs used in IVF . It will also enable them to make wiser
decisions on critically important matters of public policy , and to be far more creative and effective members of the work force . Unfortunately , however , the upturn in the business cycle cannot be taken
as a sign of structural improvement in the German economy . Some observers believe that this interconnectivity has now , after a quarter-century , made the PC obsolete . There are more specialized applications
of computing and information technology in smart machines and mobile telephones , whose defining characteristic is that they communicate with each other . As Spain s tradable-goods sector ’ contracted in
response to the expansion in Germany , it could respond in one of only three ways . That will be true in Durban as well and – on an even greater scale . I want to deviate from my usual economic theme this
month and focus instead on the system by which the press – mostly the American press covers government nowadays – . So would an agreement by all sides to elect an interim president for two years , buying
time until the regional balance of power changes or solidifies . So there is great tension everywhere between how the public , and how doctors regard a possible contract in the field of assisted dying .
What is happening at the moment could be described as a power struggle over who should be responsible for a service that more and more people wish to be available but where no amount of professional expertise
can fully safeguard the right decision . When they are considered at all , they are deemed to be the inevitable price of progress . This is the heart of learning : sometimes it works , and sometimes it doesn
’ t . Sir Archibald Wavell , one of Britain s greatest World War II generals ’ and the penultimate Viceroy of India , wrote in his biography of the WWI Field-Marshal Edmund Allenby , who led the Allies
in the Levant : “ The greatest exploit in the history of horsed cavalry , and possibly their last success on a large scale , had ended within a short distance of the battlefield of Issus , where Alexander
the Great first showed how battles could be won . ” The European crisis began with a Greek meltdown story , and it appears that the entire global economy is threatened by events in a country of only 11
million people . For example , coal plants , if they are to remain a major part of the energy mix , will need to capture and store their CO2 , a process called “ carbon capture and sequestration , ” or
CCS for short . Yet this technology remains unproved . But not the dollar . So there is great tension everywhere between how the public , and how doctors regard a possible contract in the field of assisted
dying . These include , first , that solutions to global warming require the participation of all countries . Second , there can be no free riders , so trade sanctions – the only effective sanctions that
the international community currently has – can and should be imposed on those not going along . Moreover , since the 1997 Asian financial crisis , the region ’ s emerging economies have increased their
holdings of foreign-exchange reserves , and now possess more than half of the world s total . Seven ’ of the world s top ten reserve-holding economies ’ are in Asia . Equally important is the now discernible
fragmentation of Al Qaeda , which is why the respective national aims of Afghanistan , the US , India , Pakistan , China , Russia , Iran , and the region ’ s other important countries must somehow be reconciled
. Roughly half of those who have fled have also left the country , implying two million refugees . This leaves another two million who have been displaced internally , and who represent an emerging humanitarian
tragedy . Public debate about how to improve the system has commenced . At the same time , the process as a whole further legitimizes elections in the eyes of people accustomed by Soviet rule to dismissing
all votes as charades . It had no chance to learn – and probably never will – that picnic tables and garbage cans are defended by forest rangers with orders to kill . How much luckier we humans are , knowing
what is good and bad for us . Secretary Powell replied that the US had used hard power to win World War II , but he continued : " What followed immediately after hard power ? Leaders like Barghouti , former
preventative security chief Jibril Rajoub , and Gaza s Dahlan ’ are now in the driver s seat ’ of the Fatah movement . There are lots of organizations like that , waiting to be liberated , their employees
yearning to breathe free . Once it can be done reliably , it will pave the way for important medical breakthroughs . Almost everywhere , debate has raged about how to combine market forces and social security
. Fifth , NATO enlargement and partnership . Although the Istanbul summit was the first to include NATO 's seven new member countries-Bulgaria , Estonia , Latvia , Lithuania , Romania , Slovakia , and Slovenia-we
gave a strong signal that the door remains open , and encouraged those who want to join to continue pursuing the reforms needed to make themselves ready for membership . ( To be fair , the banks tried to
take advantage of the more financially sophisticated as well , as with securities created by Goldman Sachs that were designed to fail . ) But banks used all their political muscle to stop states from enacting
laws to curtail predatory lending . Pessimists are especially worried by the unpleasant gold-standard analogies and lessons . A little more than 60 years ago , India remained the crown jewel of the British
Empire . If Europe , until recently , paid so little attention to its own identity it was because it incorrectly saw itself as the entire world ; or , at least , considered itself to be so much superior
to the rest of the globe that it felt no need to define itself in relation to others . They saved him from defeat ; a narrow majority of West German voters preferred the CDU / CSU ( 40.8 percent ) to the
SPD ( 38.3 ) and a center-right coalition ( 48.4 ) to a " red-green " one ( 47.7 ) . People in the US , Indonesia , China , Iran , and Great Britain are particularly likely to perceive greater equality
. Over time , we will be able to figure out which people , based on their genotype , will be helped or harmed by a particular drug , or how children can learn best with personalized feedback , or how to
produce furniture and clothing in a world of 3D printers and real-time modeling . Meanwhile , Lebanon s main economic indicators ’ show steady improvement : GNP increased from $ 21 billion in 2004 to $
32 billion in 2009 , inflation remains under control , foreign trade is balanced , and the unemployment rate is tolerable . A nearly indestructible behemoth outlasted Mussolini s regime ’ and survived for
50 years . I said to myself , “ I ’ m going to have to go about things in a more democratic way . ” Health indicators worldwide have shown some of the largest improvements . These achievements have enabled
it to intensify its organizational penetration into almost every corner of society . Fighting against the Taliban has been heavy at times . Twenty-one Dutch lives have been lost , out of about 1,800 men
and women . And , obviously , the outcome has implications that go well beyond the US . Mexicans also point to their economy 's disappointing growth on a per capita basis since 1982 . Article 9 remains a
cherished symbol of Japan 's peaceful posture , and a barrier against possible re-militarization . For a developing economy like China , it is better to have a government that plays an active role in avoiding
the ups and downs that the Western economies experienced in their early days – and are still experiencing today . Every time a government , or a regulator , announces some new control , or a tightening
of existing controls , there are threats from bankers that they will pack up and leave town , taking their Porsches and mistresses with them . Asian and Middle Eastern central banks with large euro reserves
have become jittery about the euro s political underpinnings ’ . But America ’ s large fiscal deficit , along with continuing uncertainty about its financial markets , mean that the dollar is also potentially
vulnerable . Amazingly , President Viktor Yushchenko regularly vetoed decisions necessary for that stabilization , including every effort at privatization . Furthermore , America officially joined the East
Asia Summit in 2011 , easing concerns in the region about China s increasingly aggressive posture ’ in the South China Sea . They should show that they will neither ignore his practices nor neglect the
suffering of Cuban prisoners of conscience . The results buck “ the conventional wisdom that renewable energy is too unreliable and expensive , ” says Kempton . “ For example , ” according to Budischak
, “ using hydrogen for storage , we can run an electric system that today would meet a need of 72 gigawatts , 99.9 % of the time , using 17 GW of solar , 68 GW of offshore wind , and 115 GW of inland wind
. ” Evidently , the Commission believes that it can judge , case by case , the best policy for every country , including policies that satisfy the Stability Pact . The mission was 260-strong on the day of
the election and the counting of the vote , while 40 of us had been there for the whole five-week period . In January , for example , Israelis began using its monopoly on fuel supplies to punish Palestinians
, a decision condemned the following month by Human Rights Watch . From the start of the post-election crisis , Frazer took three flawed positions . We know that the full benefit of primary school is realized
only when children go on to secondary school . In today ’ s Germany , an overwhelming majority subscribes to the proposition that 8 May 1945 was a day of liberation – not only for Europe , but also for
Germany itself . Let the Doha Round Fail In Central Europe and the Baltics , the promise of EU accession offered a path through the transition . In the second ballot of France s presidential elections ’ ,
he will prove to be a Queen or more like a King maker . His votes are needed by both remaining candidates and it is likely they will tend to split equally between Left and Right , for he cannot commit
himself to clearly support one candidate over the other . The European Union would thus be transformed into a true federation , the United States of Europe . Even if not , the flight of millions of Sunni
refugees will weaken the foundations of neighboring states , including Jordan . They also have a chance to advance the use of market mechanisms to do two things : mitigate climate change , and , at the
same time , create incentives for expanded use of clean energy . An expensive handcrafted mechanical watch may tell time no more accurately than a cheap quartz model ; but , because few people can afford
one , buying it signals that the owner is rich . Similarly , investors flock to stocks that have appreciated , because they have momentum “ . ” The trust agreement could allow the donor group to participate
in the governance of the trust and thus have a say in the distribution of any benefits . Lest the message be lost , he then illustrated his point by reminding the audience of “ the former Japanese minister
of agriculture who argued that Japan could not import beef because human intestines are longer in Japan than in other countries . ” These social anxieties are not being addressed because financial-sector
bailouts , stimulus packages , and help for distressed industries with strong lobbies are testing many governments ’ financial limits . That the advocates of unconditional privatization are now crying
out for state support would be cause for cynical laughter if the danger were not as big as it is . And its export lobby is fighting fiercely to keep the exchange rate roughly where it is relative to the
dollar . How does China ’ s founding myth stand up to reality ? He admitted that he had been anti-Semitic , but he claimed that God had opened his eyes and that he now loved Jews as much as he used to hate
them . On the right is Nicolas Sarkozy , the interior minister ( and briefly the economy minister ) , whose political rise took place within the grab-bag framework of the Union for a Popular Movement (
UMP ) . A Sino-centric Asia could emerge without a shot being fired . This cannot be brought about by regulations alone , but by smart , well-placed , and targeted initiatives by the business community that
would create a loyal group of “ sustainable consumers . ” For all its long history , India is a young country , with perhaps 70 % of its population under 30 years of age . Current projections are that Apophis
, which was discovered in 2004 , will orbit near the earth several times between 2029 and 2036 . In October 2009 , near-Earth object ( NEO ) trackers Steve Chesley and Paul Chodas of NASA 's Jet Propulsion
Laboratory in Pasadena , California , placed the odds of Apophis striking Earth in 2036 at about one in 233,000 , lower than previous estimates . North Korea s regime ’ will require demonstrable evidence
that a secure , prosperous , non-nuclear development model is available to it before it abandons its nuclear program . These anti-scientific approaches affected not only climate policy , but also foreign
policy . The US went to war in Iraq on the basis of Bush s gut instincts and religious convictions ’ , not rigorous evidence . In Italy , all but two Serie A championships since 1991 have been won by either
Juventus or AC Milan . Until the surviving bomber was found , Boston was reduced to a ghost town . Anemic government spending , not profligacy , has been a major factor behind the economy ’ s lackluster
recovery . His middle-class backers are no less eager to see their living standards grow . But despite these expectations , Lula is unlikely to pursue anything like the chaotic " Bolivarian Revolution "
Chávez unleashed . Bankers will certainly regard the outcome as what in England we like to call a curate s egg ( “ ’ ” served a rotten egg by his bishop , a young clergyman , when asked whether the egg
was to his liking , replied that it was “ good in parts ” ) . They will choke on the commission s recommendation ’ of a new criminal offense for reckless conduct that leads to taxpayer bailouts , reinforced
by a new senior persons regime “ ” that would ascribe all bank functions to a specific individual , who would be held personally liable when things go wrong . Most of these fatwas have a violent streak
that the Saudi establishment is quick to dismiss as belonging to the Middle Ages . But few of Putin 's promises have been fulfilled . The fear of an audit by the Internal Revenue Service lurks in homes across
the country . And the international community is absent as well . Of course , not everything went against America . So more bonds today would deter domestic investment and consumption tomorrow . My government
is looking for ways to raise revenue to pay for services , but it is unrealistic and even negative to exact more taxes from an already overburdened people . In addition to the massive earthquakes that struck
Haiti and Chile , the region has also been shaken by a hunger-strike death in Cuba and a growing crackdown on human rights and opposition in Venezuela . Indeed , some components of these so-called democratic
coalitions “ ” may not be democratic at all . The basic equation of electricity is “ Coulomb s law ’ , ” which governs the electrical attraction or repulsion between charged particles and looks exactly
like Newton s law ’ of gravity . In the wake of the riots , British Prime Minister David Cameron has proposed reviving children ’ s courts , urged harsh sentences and orange jumpsuits for convicts , and
floated even more odious ideas . But some banking industry lobbyists have sought amendments in the European Parliament that would totally neuter the proposal ’ s effectiveness . The ETF was a key innovation
that made it possible for investors to hold an instrument that effectively tracked the value of a specified portfolio , such as the S &amp; P index , with low trading costs . One reason , of course , is
that in a crisis , private debt tends to become public debt . It has created a central authority serving as an umbrella for diverse organizations . Ninety-five percent of its envisioned cuts never happened
. Yet , even if Kyoto were fully implemented throughout this century , it would reduce temperatures by an insignificant 0.3 ° F ( 0.2oC ) , at an annual cost of $ 180 billion . The other road is a lot less
attractive . With insufficient endogenous healing and no economic escape velocity , the effectiveness of central banks ’ policies wanes and political dysfunction increases , leading to financial losses
, volatility spikes , and huge risk-management challenges . But it was never intended to do that . Instead , the euro achieved what it was meant to achieve : the crisis was contained , because it could
not inflict damage on foreign-exchange markets within the euro area . Although Russia s GDP ’ is no bigger than that of Belgium and the Netherlands combined , and its military spending is a fraction of
the EU s ’ , the Kremlin has consistently managed to get the better of the Union . The central problem is that Europeans have squandered their most powerful source of leverage : unity . This sudden fear
of emerging countries presents a major dilemma . While this admiration stems partly from Germany ’ s current economic success , the sentiment runs deeper – and extends beyond Europe . Enormous research efforts
have already been devoted to this problem . These public messages were highly misleading – and clearly intended to shock and disturb . After all , trouble in emerging economies would destabilize the entire
global economy , threatening the fragile recoveries of advanced economies , including the US . And , given China s ’ rise , it is clearly in America s interest ’ to maintain a balance of economic power
in Asia . A negotiated end to the current warfare could leave President Bashar al-Assad s regime ’ in power , albeit with a different face in charge . Clear heads , clear sights , and – most important of
all clear public consent – will be needed if Europe is to move forward . But it is not obvious that the US economy today would be 6 % less productive if it had had the finance-insurance system of 1950 rather
than the one that prevailed during the past 20 years . But the Pope 's vision confronts a Western Europe that he perceives as increasingly pagan , hedonist , and unresponsive to his revivalist message .
Frustrated , he turned to an Eastern Europe--particularly Catholic Poland--that was seemingly less corrupted by capitalist materialism , urging the region 's peoples to serve as the ``spiritual reservoir''
of Christian Europe. It is important to provide the prospect of hope , both in material terms and in our policies towards intractable conflicts such as those in the Middle East and Kashmir . Joyce , for
example , can put a startup in touch with senior management from virtually any pharma company around the world . In this diversity , we in India see immense possibilities , and in Sana a ’ we pledged ourselves
to energizing and reviving this semi-dormant organization . It is still in its early days , and we want to wait until we have some results . Although it is tempting to think of this as a purely domestic
problem affecting the United States , nothing could be further from the truth . Geithner is a very smart and experienced public servant . International agreement to ensure that countries do not prohibit
exports , especially of critical commodities , except under severely ( and verifiably ) adverse domestic circumstances , would help reduce fear of market breakdown . Likewise , unemployment was roughly
the same on both sides of the Atlantic in 2009-2010 , but it is now almost four percentage points lower in the US . Capital expenditure in the US is recovering more strongly , and exports are picking up
. According to this theory , such agents were dispersed after a missile or bomb hit , rather than being delivered with incoming warheads . This was not forgiven , and was judged more severely than the shortcomings
of his presidential record , which was not significantly worse than that of his predecessors . Yet some issues remained unresolved . Yet many still wonder , “ Will Pinochet ever pay for his deeds ? ” International
public opinion and history have already condemned him . Asia is rising because Asian countries are increasingly opening their doors to modernity . What a difference a decade makes : In 2012 , Chinese consumers
purchased an estimated 18 million new cars , a 300 % increase . Modern capitalism inflames through every sense and pore the hunger for consumption . For them , any excuse will do , and EU Internal Market
Commissioner Michel Barnier has provided them with ammunition by pursuing what many see as an excessively restrictive regulatory agenda . When horse-trading for Commission jobs took place in 2009 , former
UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown was warned of the danger of allowing the French to hold the Internal Market post . One view is that Americans are perceived ( and like to see themselves ) as Calvinist workaholics
, whereas Europeans like to think that they know how to enjoy life 's pleasures . Just as Chinese industrialization is unprecedented – no developing country has grown by more than 10 % per year without
interruption for two full decades Britain – ’ s industrialization 200 years ago was similarly unparalleled . The Bankrupt Theology of Financial Deregulation In 1975 the American climatologist Wallace Broecker
published a paper in the journal Science , entitled “ Are We on the Brink of a Pronounced Global Warming ? ” Growth in much of the world during the past quarter-century has been slower than in the previous
25 years , despite more rapid growth in East Asia , India , and a few other countries . They have succeeded in setting up a largely informal learning environment , focusing mainly on truly interactive learning
. By soliciting questions from children that have little place in the formal educational system , the audience is led to experience the research process – which often begins precisely by asking the right
kind of question . The Israelis will claim to have conceded nothing essential ; Abbas s Fatah ’ will claim to have secured a road paved with gold . And the peace process will creep forward – more process
than peace – until it encounters the next roadblock . The Commission should be organizing public debates that give equal prominence to dissenting views . The State Council wants to produce 500,000 new-energy
vehicles – including electric vehicles ( EV ) , plug-in hybrid electric vehicles , and fuel-cell vehicles – by 2015 , and is aiming for a production capacity of two million EVs per year by 2020 . In Belarus
, an impoverished Lukashenko increasingly resorts to brute force to maintain his rule – breaking up peaceful demonstrations , imprisoning political opponents , and terrorizing the intelligentsia . Fiscal
policy would also be straightened out because the central bank was no longer the lender of last resort . Last month , China announced a $ 586 billion economic stimulus package , some 25 % of which is to
help bolster conservation , environmental protection , and renewable energy efforts . This is the kind of thinking that was driving us at a recent health care working group gathered as part of the recent
Civil Society Summit organized in Moscow by the Eurasia Foundation , the New Eurasia Foundation and the CSIS . ( I was there as a Eurasia Foundation board member . ) Their vision of a chauvinistic , inward-looking
Serbia has been discredited , while Djindjic 's stance may become more popular due to his martyrdom . China ’ s leaders thus continue to depend on a form of nationalism structured around tales of victimhood
. They now base their legitimacy on the notion that the Party , which rose to power as the nation fought foreign domination , is uniquely qualified to keep China from being bullied in a hostile international
arena , and that only they can provide the stable environment needed for growth . Perhaps they were right to be skeptical . And Ethiopia has emerged as one of the world s fastest-growing economies ’ , with
GDP up 10.9 % year on year in 2010-2011 , rivaling China and leading Africa . Indeed , Ethiopia is one of the few countries in the world poised to meet the United Nations Millennium Development Goals ’
on time and in full in 2015 . ATHENS , GEORGIA – In the waning weeks of the North American hurricane season – a time when a superstorm is not expected to cause widespread damage to the eastern coast of
the United States – Hurricane Sandy is a grim reminder of the menace of extreme weather events . In my view , this is madness . Those on the right believe that governments ’ top priority should be fiscal
consolidation . Everyone thinks of the horse that can be led to water , but cannot be made to drink . With the US politically paralyzed by the Republicans ’ infantile political tantrums , and Europe focused
on ensuring the survival of the ill-conceived euro project , the lack of global leadership was a major complaint at Davos . In the last 25 years , we have moved from a world dominated by two superpowers
to one dominated by one , and now to a leaderless , multi-polar world . Doing so is not anti-investment ; it is pro-development . Those who make such claims are bound to be wrong at times , and so can enforce
their claims only by coercion and repression . America 's legal community , and some in the wider society , are beginning to awake to the complex issues confronting the US as it seeks to protect itself
from outside attacks for the first time since 1812 . What , one wonders , are lagging nations waiting for ? Despite its leaders grim public image ’ , Iran has a sense of humanism , as any Kurd who fled from
Saddam Hussein ’ s chemical-warfare attacks along the Iranian border can attest . Bending , much less breaking , will not come naturally to such a prideful country . The implication is clear – a vote for
Modi is a vote for a latter-day Patel . States can go bust just like companies , but , unlike companies , they don ’ t disappear when that happens . All of them – including Mitch Daniels of Indiana , Chris
Christie of New Jersey , Bob McDonnell of Virginia , and former Governor Jeb Bush of Florida – declined to seek the Republican presidential nomination , but will be on the short list for 2016 should Obama
win in November . But this presupposes a radical change of heart , particularly in Germany . No other country has created a logistical network directly for online retailing . For investors and businesses
– perhaps including India s small shopkeepers ’ – this is where the really interesting opportunities will emerge . The US is richer on average than Sweden , but the income gap between America s richest
and poorest ’ is vastly wider than it is in Sweden , and the US treats its poor punitively , rather than supportively . NEW YORK – The future of capitalism is again a question . Living with values that one
does not share is a price to be paid for living in a pluralist society . But it is clear that both voice and loyalty have become a problem for the European Union . Many citizens and governments believe
that they lack influence , or voice , which tends to reduce loyalty . Indeed , the phrase “ casino banking ” tends to ignore the fact that casinos have a rather good handle on their returns . They are typically
very astute at risk management , unlike many of the banks that dramatically increased their leverage – and thus their risks – during the last 20 years . They celebrated Lillian s mutilation ’ , while I
mourned her loss . Solar energy enables plants to absorb carbon gas and thereby produce not only oxygen , but also matter that the animal kingdom uses for food – and that our machines can use for energy
. Sometimes we rely on our judgment in combining interest-rate action with open-market operations . If you earn a million dollars a year , you have pledged to give $ 90,000 , or 9 % of what you earn , which
is more than most rich people give . Hansen described them as part of a brighter future “ for the planet . ” There is a deep logic to this finding . Still , the various factions that comprise the Tudjmanite
opposition gained a chance to pull Budisa toward them , creating a new center of political gravity for the next crisis . By contrast , similar surveys in other Arab capitals find a decided tilt toward a
Muslim identity . In Amman , Jordan , the most recent figure is 12 % who put their national identity ahead of their Muslim identity . Rescuing Annapolis Of course , developing countries should not simply
mimic developed economies tax systems ’ . Nor is the EU s new style ’ of political-military engagement in Africa a throwback to colonialism . Against this background , Chancellor Angela Merkel s third government
’ , once it is formed , must rid the country of the illusions that are preventing it from playing a proactive and constructive role in ensuring that Europe functions as a union . Finally , the proposed
better use “ ” of the IMF s gold holdings ’ to finance the costs of debt relief seeks to raise up to $ 8 billion . At the current market price , this would require selling about a quarter of the Fund s
holdings ’ of 103.4 million fine ounces . The US economy is relatively flexible , and this kind of structural adjustment in the private sector occurs reasonably quickly . And yet employment still lags ,
owing to longer-term factors like labor-saving technology and reconfigurations of global supply chains , in which lower-value-added segments and functions tend to be concentrated in lower-income countries
. Facing economic stagnation and what Palestinian Authority Prime Minister Ahmed Qurei calls “ the anarchy of weapons , ” a succession struggle is the last thing Palestinians need . Any new leader must
spur the economy , enforce the rule of law , fight corruption , unify the PA s security agencies ’ , and preserve public safety – and he must do so quickly or lose authority . In the absence of new faces
or ideas , the only prospect for the coming election year will be to pump more petrodollars into a struggling and grossly inefficient economy . America , the richest country in the world , clearly had the
resources to evacuate New Orleans . Given the size and economic importance of the US , the world is watching where the US economy is going . As the physicist Seth Lloyd commented , ``almost anything becomes
a computer if you shine the right kind of light on it.'' I don ’ t want to shake your hand ; I don ’ t want to sit beside you ; I won ’ t listen when you talk … . This is not a dignified way to act . Moldova
s current government ’ , the Alliance for European Integration , might be a lot more pro-European if it had not seen how Russia treated supposedly pro-Western governments in Georgia and Ukraine before
it . Some play the game with relish – ironically , Belarus s President Aleksander Lukashenka ’ is suddenly something of a regional role model in this regard . It is therefore expected to perform strongly
in the voting for the Legislative Council , particularly in the Gaza Strip . But the state can and should organize a good ethical and political education that affords young people the opportunity to interact
with others and recognize and accept their equality . They wanted a strong charismatic man to reawaken France economically and to reassure them in security terms . GM foods have now been on the market in
the US for more than 12 years . According to the Roll Back Malaria Partnership , 2,000 children die of the disease each day . At the same time , new technology , without which globalization would not be
possible , is being used to mobilize people for populist causes , too . First , technological advances have rendered manufacturing much more skill- and capital-intensive than it was in the past , even at
the low-quality end of the spectrum . Blair will need to gain Israel s assurances ’ that life for Palestinians , both in the West Bank and in Gaza , will become better . That includes greater freedom of
movement , both within the West Bank and between it and Gaza . Both views are delusions . But their will and ability to translate this view into policy are limited . This is significantly below the average
of the old EU countries for these three years – 2.7 % , 2.6 % , and 2.4 % , respectively . Hardening Brazil ’ s Soft Power At the earliest opportunity , Nigeria 's government should convene a conference
of all national and regional leaders and secure agreement on a constitutional provision whereby each household would be guaranteed a share of oil revenues , with the amount determined by prevailing prices
and quotas . Of course not . Hostility on the football pitch merely reflects the existing tense relations between the two countries , which carry the weight of a painful history . Remarkably for a Dutch
politician – and a minor one , at that news – of Wilders s antics ’ has reached the world press . The international community is putting great store in the Fund s judgment and performance ’ . NEW YORK –
Who were those flag-waving , cheering , hollering , singing , and praying Americans who gathered in Washington DC on the last Saturday in August at a rally to restore “ the honor ” of the United States
? This tax-free jamboree of patriotism was ostensibly non-partisan ( otherwise it could not have been tax-free ) . Having earlier preached the gospel of its peaceful rise “ , ” China is now beginning to
take the gloves off , convinced that it has acquired the necessary muscle . Four candidates dominated the competition , and no one would have dared to predict which two will make it to the second-round
run-off . But the question is whether such growth will continue ten years from now or end up being a quick , but temporary , fix . Statistics are not only a reflection of reality : they help to shape it
. Face-to-Face with Facebook By doling out vast sums of money to rescue the financial system , without asking for genuine guarantees in return , they showed a lack of foresight . Acknowledging that rating
agencies were incompetent without doing anything to regulate them was inexcusable . The critical conditions that continue to prevail in Darfur are causing immense suffering to its people . Both sides of
the conflict – the government of Sudan and its allied forces , as well as all the opposition groups in Darfur – must understand that civilians should no longer fall victim to their political disputes . Finally
, there is therevolutionary Islamist vision espoused by Hamas , which seeks to continue fighting and using terrorism , regardless of how much time it takes and lives it costs , until it defeats both Israel
and Palestinian secular nationalists . Palestine will then be an Islamist state in which moderates would be shot and the old nationalist leadership forcibly retired or jailed for corruption . When Muslims
find themselves living in democracies , they adjust . Without the soft power that produces attraction and loyalty to the leader s goals ’ , entrepreneurs run off in all directions and dissipate a group
s energies ’ . Race has always been a provocative subject when the needs of science and statistics intersect with politics . Now that debate is once again heating up in France , as the planned introduction
of “ ethnic statistics ” has caused a fierce dispute that touches the very heart of French republicanism . With Allende s victory ’ , Chile s stock exchange and markets ’ were gripped by financial panic
. The first dose of MDT kills 99.9 % of the bacteria that cause leprosy , rendering the person no longer infectious . If inflation continued , the country 's real exchange rate would appreciate , the demand
for its exports would fall , unemployment would increase , and that would dampen wage and price pressures . Market participants , knowing this , would realize that inflation would not be sustained . No
surprise , then , that a brain drain has developed . Indeed , Europe has only five scientific researchers per 1000 inhabitants , compared to eight in the US and nine in Japan . In Novgorod I saw LukOil
( one of Russia s big private oil companies ’ ) petrol stations . The answer is always the same : national governments . After all , even in times of prosperity , the international community has been notorious
for making grand pledges , only to renege when it comes to following through with the money . The result is a bigger “ is better mentality ” that stresses ever more publications , patents , and citations
. Yet , this agenda tends to be pursued without much concern for how – or if – these measures feed into something of greater social , cultural , and even economic relevance . What it means is that Russia
is back on its historical path of development , back at the point where things started to go wrong . Since then , a great deal of data on the brain s reward system ’ has accumulated to explain this rewiring
more concretely . More broadly , the fact that the anti-secession law was introduced at all comes as a major disappointment to those who had been impressed by the apparent sophistication and skillfulness
of recent Chinese diplomacy . Impotent ministers and governors should be sacked , while their offices should be given more authority . Meanwhile , higher public spending on capital investment and other special
procurements will boost domestic demand . So they should maintain investment in skills and infrastructure , while cutting subsidies and transfer payments . They should also legislate now for future reforms
, notably to encourage people to work longer . A few leaders have invoked the post-World War II Marshall Plan as a model for large-scale European development assistance for the region , the aim being to
ensure the sustainability of a democratic transformation and generate long-term political and economic benefits for Europe . The fourth shock was eastern EU enlargement , which has brought extraordinary
chances for trade and investment in the east , but has also brought massive low-wage competition . In Japan , the CEO of a major bank would have apologized to his employees and his country , and would have
refused his pension and bonus so that those who suffered as a result of corporate failures could share the money . This is not the case in most non-Western civilizations . Polar bears , which pile on fat
to survive hibernation and yet do not become diabetic , may also hold clues for treating Type II diabetes , a disease associated with obesity that afflicts more than 190 million people worldwide , reaching
epidemic proportions in many countries . Ahmadinejad himself , however , has generally ignored the post-election crisis in his public statements , and evidently believed that Khamenei s post-election support
’ meant that the Supreme Leader would remain passive in the face of encroachments on his traditional powers and prerogatives . Indeed , for the last two years , Ahmadinejad has repeatedly undermined parliament
, and abruptly dismissed ministers tied to Khamenei , like Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki and Intelligence Minister Heydar Moslehi . Russia has managed to revamp the way it operates in the region since
it got its fingers burned by interfering so crudely in Ukraine in 2004 . This trend will continue , as Africa and Asia become robust markets for Turkey s construction firms ’ , information technology ,
and green innovations . At the end of a speech in the Lok Sabah , the lower house of India s parliament ’ , Singh issued his formal invitation . “ How nice it would be to conduct our affairs in this august
House with the same spirit of sportsmanship that our cricketers exhibit on the playing fields of the sub-continent , ” he said . Moreover , because of the Fund s broad ’ and deeply embedded multinational
expertise , its activities are central to achieving globally cooperative solutions to economic and financial problems . Stable money , too , is the foundation of political order . We should not allow ourselves
to be so overwhelmed by today s ’ crisis that we forget that . The principles of America 's Chapter 11 bankruptcy law - the provision which allows rapid reorganization of firms in ways that maintain its
economic activity , should underlay whatever rules are adopted . Moreover , simple projections of economic growth trends can mislead . Such examples serve to show that the most disquieting aspect of today
's insecurity may well be the diversity of its sources , and that there are no clear explanations and simple solutions . In the second case , the new government s war ’ of words and policies will be waged
not just with the German government in Berlin and the ECB in Frankfurt , but also against minority and immigrant groups at home . Earth is an extraordinarily hot planet . US President Barack Obama , who
has expressed deep concern about the overthrow of Morsi , is perhaps the only leader able to mediate in such a situation and work for a consensus solution that prevents a civil war . But , though this argument
is valid in principle , economic models show that this risk has only a moderate effect on the best policy . Politics , it is said , is the art of the possible . But possibilities are shaped by our decisions
as much as they are by our circumstances . Later , the Basel accords whetted banks appetite ’ for more government bonds by ruling them virtually risk-free . Banks loaded up on the relatively high-yield
debt of countries like Greece because they had to set aside very little capital . They use only local materials , provide a valuable community resource in normal times , and have the potential to save hundreds
of thousands of lives when a tsunami strikes . Whatever Schröders own shortcomings and mistakes , they pale in significance for the future of Germany and the EU alike against the weakness of his office
. In this game , where new players invite themselves , the edge goes to agility and innovation . The West , and Europe in particular , really can t afford to alienate ’ Turkey , considering their interests
, but objectively it is exactly this kind of estrangement that follows from European policy towards Turkey in the last few years . The best outcome resembling Spain – in 1982 – is the most optimistic . Thailand
in Yellow and Red Terrorist activity could easily cause a crisis on the border , with the potential to trigger an unwanted confrontation that would threaten the peace treaty that normalized bilateral relations
in 1979 . Until recently , such official finance came from fiscal authorities ( the European Financial Stability Facility , soon to be the European Stability Mechanism ) and the International Monetary Fund
. But , increasingly , official financing is coming from the European Central Bank first – with bond purchases , and then with liquidity support to banks and the resulting buildup of balances within the
eurozone s Target2 payment system ’ . Although much depends on greater regional investment in increasing export capacity , further Chinese investment in the region would most likely follow . PARIS Today
– ’ s most important political battle in Russia is not for control of the Kremlin , but for power over its capital city . Indeed , the outcome of Moscow s mayoral election campaign ’ concerns every Russian
and everyone – who is interested in Russia s fate ’ . Romania , for its part , has a history not at all admirable in regard to it its Roma minority “ ” , whose shortcomings and deeds always attract blame
but never any real action by the state to improve their condition . But there are key differences . Burma has a very different internal political dynamic , not least because of the complex relationships
among its various ethnic and linguistic communities social cleavages – that were not an issue in largely homogeneous Poland s transition ’ . Other nations should follow suit . We will never usher in an
era of sustainable prosperity in the absence of a big , global push , with all nations moving in the same direction . Is India being its old prickly non-aligned self again ? In November , the Committee concluded
that Germany had failed to police the Neumann Kaffee Gruppe regarding its complicity in the forced eviction of several villages in Uganda to make way for a large coffee plantation . In contrast to America
s ’ engagement in multilateralism , or Europe s search ’ for reconciliation through a plethora of common institutions , power politics is much more a part of Asia s twentieth-century legacy ’ . The real
challenge for China s leaders ’ will be to develop a coherent view of the world that does not scare the people just across the border . One of the key achievements of the European Union is mobility of goods
and inputs . Gaza Shrugs As the agreements reached at Rio + 20 are implemented , the global community should resolve to take even bolder action in the next 20 years – at the local , national , and international
levels – to foster sustainability . Savings behavior invariably reacts to changes in interest rates , which have fallen steadily over the last two decades to today ’ s record-low levels . Prime Minister
Meles Zenawi , in power for 18 years , has crushed the opposition . Similarly , studies from other countries show that entrepreneurs often have lower initial earnings and earnings growth than they would
have as employees . In the face of this domestic antagonism , the al-Sauds have few tools . Thus , it is now subject to the discourse of economic orthodoxy , which , in insisting that all debts be paid to
the penny , ignores that public spending is also an engine of growth . The proper economic policy was to teach people to venerate the throne ( so that they would respect property ) , the paternal hearth
( so that they would not marry imprudently young ) , and the religious altar ( so that they would fear pre-marital sex ) . Then , perhaps , with women chaste for half or more of their childbearing years
, the surplus population would diminish and conditions for the poor would be as good as they could be . The United States and Europe have not . These states can play this role , however , only if first they
transform this geographic space into a genuinely inclusive and vibrant security community . We will then end up with an agreement that will have been wildly oversold and is certain to lead to disappointment
in the future – especially in developing nations . For example : The result is that Europe s achievements ’ in recent years – its expansion to create a single economic market of 500 million people and its
creation of the euro as a currency that challenges the dollar – are not accompanied by a significantly greater global standing . We must change the way the world goes about the business of providing development
aid . It evidently was sustainable , at least for one more year . In parts of Africa , poverty means that youth look at guns as a way of earning a living . Democratic regimes , Tocqueville argued , determine
our thoughts , desires , and passions . But Europe should be doing better . The observation that structural degradation is a reflection of decreasing species population resonates in the field of evolution
, because natural selection becomes more inefficient as the population gets smaller . Structural degradation is thus an indicator of the species exposure ’ to random genetic drift : mildly deleterious
mutations that would typically degrade the protein structure are more likely to be selected against in bacteria before they can become fixed in the entire population ( estimated in trillions of individuals
) , whereas such a mutation has a far better chance of prevailing in humans . The issue , one should emphasize , is not Islam as such : in Europe , the Catholic Church was for a long time the greatest enemy
of democracy and liberalism . Yet Christian Democratic parties today are one of the pillars of European democracy . It will not occur overnight , or everywhere , or in regard to all drugs . But , after
decades of bloodshed , repression , and criminalization , things have begun to move in the right direction . Third , Russia is already facing massive demographic decline and an aging and sickening population
; China faces the near certainty of a Japanese-style demographic downturn from the 2040 s onward ’ , a belated legacy of its one-child policy . For this reason , coming to terms with the illegitimate privatizations
of the 1990 's , which are at the root of wealth inequality in Russia , is something that still needs to be done -- and not only as a matter of justice ; it is important for the long-term performance of
Russia 's economy . While some of this criticism may be over-stated or misplaced , it nonetheless underscores the need to reform financial institutions and practices . Finance has long been central to thriving
market democracies , which is why its current problems need to be addressed . The other 89 % resulted from 222 % growth in dollar prices in that period , as local-currency prices rose faster than prices
in the US and the exchange rate appreciated . All five appointees were born after the founding of the People s Republic ’ in 1949 . Two of them , Hu Chunhua and Sun Zhengcai , are only 46 years old . By
contrast , labor in the EU is largely immobile . But the response of many reviewers to Pinker s work ’ has been incomprehension , denial , or a tenacious focus on individual horror stories , as though they
somehow change the larger picture . Refugees languish helplessly in welfare nets , or are suspected of being cheats . And former colonial subjects , though in many cases remarkably well integrated , still
bear the scars of troubled imperial histories . How these transitions turn out will matter for several reasons . Li has called for an expansion of competitive direct elections up to the provincial level
as well as for new press freedoms . Brazil is still an enormously bureaucratic country , with an educational system in crisis , very high taxes , mediocre infrastructure , impediments to the creation of
businesses , and a high level of corruption . Although inflation is now low in the United States , Europe , and Japan , households and institutional investors have reason to worry that the low interest
rates and the extensive creation of bank reserves could lead to inflation when economic recovery takes hold . And the declining value of the dollar – down more than 10 % against the euro in the past 12
months – is a legitimate cause of concern for non-US investors who now hold dollars . Hit by a monstrous external demand shock that sent world trade tumbling by a record 10.5 % in 2009 , China ’ s export-led
growth quickly went from boom to bust . The rest of an unbalanced Chinese economy followed – especially the labor market , which shed more than 20 million jobs in Guangdong Province alone . Similarly ,
providing micronutrients missing from more than half the world s diet ’ would reduce diseases caused by deficiencies of iron , zinc , iodine , and Vitamin A with an exceptionally high ratio of benefits
to cost . If we could only find the political will , establishing free trade could be achieved at a very low cost , with benefits of up to $ 2.4 trillion a year . Russians , on the other hand , emphasize
their hard power “ , ” includingmilitary force , because they know that they live in a dangerous world and have no one to hide behind . And , because of the country ’ s comparative lack of “ soft power
social , cultural , and economic attractiveness ” – – it stands ready touse the competitive advantages ( i.e. , its resource wealth ) available to it . Communist parties , more or less reformed as socialists
, appeal to a surprising number of voters . Their self-confidence can be infectious . But worsening financial conditions prove that this policy response has failed miserably . Countries that scored poorly
in responsiveness to share prices tend also to score badly on the OECD s index ’ of “ red tape and ” on university education . What will be the powers , competencies , and resources of the mayors to be
elected ? A demonstration in Barcelona in September that brought close to 8 % of Catalonia s 7.5 million people ’ onto the street showed that there are real issues to be addressed , both at the European
and national level . ( Kelantan state , however , was always expected to continue to be held by PAS . ) Similarly , Americans keep two million of their fellow citizens in jail : the cost of building the
prisons and paying the jailers is also included in GDP . But the approach recommended in the Commission s statement ’ does not imply complacency . This is equivalent to foreign-currency debt . Fretilin at
first sought to fight the decision through non-violent means . As a rule , broad governance reform is neither necessary nor sufficient for growth . It is not necessary , because what really works in practice
is removing successive binding constraints , whether they are supply incentives in agriculture , infrastructure bottlenecks , or high credit costs . So wrote that some-time Italian journalist best known
for his musical compositions , Giuseppe Verdi . If the Security Council fails to agree on new sanctions – which is likely , given Chinese and Russian objections – it would be exposed as a paper tiger .
If , on the other hand , it works out a consensus on more economic and possibly even military punishment , the UN s credibility ’ would depend on whether these moves produce Iranian compliance . The answer
lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally . To lose Indonesia - a potential beacon of hope to all pro-democracy activists in the world Muslim
community - would be a terrible defeat . The next time the CERN teams call a press conference , it could be weighty news indeed . But , in fact , by linking the answers to the global climate and economic
crises , we can find a way out of both . The solutions to the climate crisis are already well known , the money is available , and so are the technologies , or where they aren ’ t , they could be developed
. There is also no shortage of images of abused prisoners at the Abu Ghraib prison or the prison camp at Guantanamo Bay , which have likewise done more to recruit new adherents to Islamic fanaticism than
any sermon in a radical mosque . As WWF Director-General James Leape explained , it provides “ a global platform for millions of people to voice their concern about the devastating effects of climate change
. ” A big worry here , however , is that some Chechen rebels want to negotiate so as to play for time to regroup and resupply themselves . The global war on terrorism has made it more difficult for them
to secure financial and material support . To meet these and the other challenges confronting the developing world , infrastructure spending will have to rise from around $ 800 billion to at least $ 2 trillion
annually in the coming decades . The Washington Post editorial board , for example , recently condemned what it called the Don t worry “ ’ , be happy approach ” to the US budget deficit and government debt
, on the grounds that there is a 90 % mark “ that economists regard as a threat to sustainable economic growth . ” The 1967 war placed all of mandatory Palestine ( as well as Sinai and the Golan ) under
Israeli military occupation . “ Buy two for the price of one , ” Bill Clinton joked about ruling couples when he first ran for president in 1992 . Néstor Kirchner doesn t joke ’ . In May 2010 , Israel responded
with a new wrinkle . Europe ’ s choice now is clear : mobilize to help its neighbors open up their economies and societies , or start beefing up its coastguards and ordering patrol boats . Moreover , low-interest-rate
policies transfer inflation risk to all savers – and to future generations . The reality is that aid increased only slightly over the 2000-2006 period : because of massive debt write-offs , the substantial
increase in official development assistance did not translate into new and available funds on the ground . Unless he had imagined my ancestors , he had just traced my caste-based past to well before the
17 th century . But others insist that there is nothing new here . Although de Villepin s speeches ’ are more flamboyant than those of most political leaders , the underlying sentiment extends far beyond
France . Given that luxury goods provide individuals with a competitive advantage , higher luxury-goods sales could indicate a brighter economic future for a country . After Mao made his revolution in 1948
, Chinese communists followed the Stalinist model of development . The problem with Obama s America ’ is rooted in the contradictory nature of his leadership . Yet one of my graduate students synthesized
the polymers for his doctoral thesis . We sent the proposal back for another review , only to be told that the grant should still not be funded , because the polymers would react with whatever drug we
wanted to deliver . If they were empowered as leaders , the conditions of an anarchic world would force them to make the same bellicose decisions that men do . America as a model or America as a protector
– this European dilemma “ ” is in itself new . For , in the immediate aftermath of World War II , most Europeans viewed the United States as both its defender against the Soviet Union s expansionist aims
’ and the key external actor for their deeply wounded continent s moral and economic reconstruction ’ . Granted , the differences between any two Muscovites ' experiences are greater than the differences
between the experiences of any two bacteria in a test tube culture . As during those years , many people now formally accept ideological labels but identify with them only as long as such an allegiance
to a specific political current has tangible short-term benefits for them . One consequence of this cynical treatment of political ideologies is the wild swings in voters ' preferences seen in various
Central European countries . The elections had to be repeated , and democracy won . On the other hand , foreign criticism of Germany for running a current-account surplus similar to China s ’ is unfounded
. Such criticism disregards two important differences : first , unlike China , Germany , as a member of the eurozone , cannot undervalue its currency . Their rainforests are a vast storehouse of biodiversity
, and forests are major carbon sinks , reducing the level of CO2 in the atmosphere . Failure to do so would be a missed opportunity at a time when African countries must avail themselves of all available
resources for poverty reduction . Unpopular Populism And everyone ’ s spending patterns differ – the older , wealthier household buys jewelry from Tiffany , rather than a car from General Motors . And even
the former borrowers are unlikely to use their stimulus money to pay for more housing – they have soured on the dreams that housing held out . By contrast , euroization so far has required a fair degree
of prior fiscal consolidation , a credible and independent monetary policy , reasonably competitive financial institutions , and flexible labor markets . But Mashal s refusal ’ to support Assad has not
only forced him to re-locate . The timetable for action is not subject to debate . But the post-war era in the world s most developed countries ’ was one of unprecedented prosperity for the baby boom generation
, which is now nearing retirement . The years 1960 to 1985 formed the era in which development was to be financed by public institutions like the World Bank , because market failures and distrust of governments
made it hard for poor countries to borrow privately . At this point your author runs away , in despair , in search of the few remaining Russians who still converse in their native language . India , which
“ normalized ” bilateral relations a few years ago , is reluctant to alienate Myanmar s military ’ , with which it has worked closely to counter rebels in India s northeast ’ who had been using the common
border to tactical advantage . But the incentives to escape the resource trap are weakened by the overwhelming importance of the resource rents to the wider political elite . But , in my opinion , the reason
for different – and frequently contradictory interpretations – is an incompetent and incomplete approach that detaches individual texts from their context and construes them without a thorough understanding
of the true spirit of the Koran . Thus , the book is an intellectual treat for anyone who wants to understand not so much what matters “ ” as whether anything really can matter , in an objective sense . Here
is a short checklist against which to assess whether the outcomes of Cancun represent a move towards a true development round . Voters and politicians today , it seems , fear inflation and are willing to
accept occasional economic recessions and unemployment above its natural rate as unfortunate but inevitable consequences of the necessary and beneficial pursuit of long-term price stability . Germany ,
in particular Europe s largest country – ’ , and its strongest in economic terms – seems to have fallen victim to historical amnesia . The Domestic Workers Convention , adopted in 2011 , enters into force
on September 5 , promising to extend labor protections to tens of millions of the most vulnerable migrant workers . Kim Jong-il is a naughty boy who wants attention and incentives to behave decently . The
efforts involved in this great transformation must come from within these societies , and this in all likelihood is asking too much . The Yes camp argues that rejecting the Constitution would damage the
European Central Bank ( ECB ) and the euro . So , although dollar bonds and , increasingly , dollar equities are a large part of these countries sovereign wealth accounts ’ , most of the dollar securities
that they hold are not needed to finance trade imbalances . Even if these countries want to continue to hold a minimum core of their portfolios in a form that can be used in the traditional foreign-exchange
role , most of their portfolios will respond to their perception of different currencies risks ’ . At the same time , the international community should work to improve the availability and effectiveness
of official development assistance . The ODA target of 0.7 % of GDP – agreed in 2002 at the International Conference on Financing for Development in Monterrey , Mexico – should motivate countries to increase
their contributions . Of course , Chávez has a few cards up his sleeve - including how to phrase the recall question itself . Despite the phased voting , the counting takes place nationwide immediately after
the last phase , and the results of the elections everywhere will be announced on May 16 . Western peoples have not always lived up to their universalist ideals , but they have in modern times built institutions
designed to implement them , in Europe and beyond . The dynamics of fear are potentially catastrophic , but these dynamics can be broken . But the democratic transitions in Eastern Europe made Fidel Castro
wary , so the first opportunity for a similar transition in Cuba was lost . Now an opportunity to introduce young blood and new ideas has similarly been missed : although the Sixth Congress adopted a ten-year
limit for holding office , the two people designated to succeed Raúl Castro are both octogenarians . BRASILIA – It is , perhaps , a truism for Brazil s citizens ’ that their country is and always will be
a peaceful one . As for most of the countries of the former Soviet Union , which remain stuck in transit , EU membership is not in the cards for North Africa and the Middle East . The number is estimated
to be around 270 million , or almost one per person on average . An existing service in which I plan to invest , www.GetUpandMove.me , allows you to challenge a friend : “ I will swim for 50 minutes if
Alice runs around the block four times . ” Greece in the spring of 2010 sent a wake-up call to Great Britain . The British response should prompt other industrial economies , above all the US , to tackle
their long-term fiscal weaknesses . The damage is thus almost equal to that of the Great Depression – and equally painful , even though America s real GDP ’ today is 12 times higher than it was in 1929
. But some recent proposals promise to raise far more resources for sustainable development . America s decision ’ to target Iranian agents in Iraq who may be involved in supporting violent militias is but
another sign of the massive influence Iran is exercising in that troubled country . Good leaders construct teams that combine these functions , making sure to hire subordinates who can compensate for the
leader s managerial deficiencies ’ . Furthermore , they fared well relative to other classes of creditors , especially foreign bondholders . The Pope has an answer , of course . He would like people to return
to the bosom of Rome . Thai import-export firms can bet on a run on the baht by accelerating their dollar receipts and delaying their dollar payouts . Everyone can bet on a run on the Argentine peso – a
favorite sport of international financial speculators for a century and a half . This would require switching American recognition from Taiwan to the mainland . The Palestinian bid received the support of
138 member countries ( Germany , Britain , and 39 other countries abstained ) , while only seven , including the Marshall Islands , Palau , and Panama , joined the US and Israel in opposing it , leaving
both more isolated than ever . My research with Maggie McMillan of Tufts University and the International Food Policy Research Institute shows that countries with a strong comparative advantage in natural
resources are particularly prone to fall into the trap of growth-reducing structural change . But those who now call on the Security Council to issue rapid condemnations of Iran s behavior ’ should keep
two things in mind : they are unlikely to have any effect , and the US has already used such resolutions as a pretext for launching military action on its own . It should act with greater imagination to
unleash more genuine economic freedom and competition , stop championing national enterprises , and start giving the European Central Bank more support . Euro-zone policymakers should also seize the initiative
in the world s key economic clubs ’ . What political reforms will Hu Jintao make in China ? It tells us nothing about causes or solutions . For example , it would be extremely difficult to place market values
on the family-owned businesses that pervade Mediterranean countries . Because government provides deposit insurance , it plays a large role in restructuring ( unlike other sectors ) . Normally , when a
bank fails , the government engineers a financial restructuring ; if it has to put in money , it , of course , gains a stake in the future . I was asked to conduct a quiet , low-key dialogue with Senators
in order to sort out the complex issues in the debate and think about what should be done . The Basel Committee on Banking Supervision has recently come out in favor of such regulations , and the United
States House of Representatives has voted to require regulators to set compensation rules . They killed and tortured villagers and forced them to flee to the jungle . ” As the government s fiscal position
’ has steadily weakened , the jobs have become far scarcer . For 30 years , East Asians have received the ample rewards of Adam Smith ’ s insight that free trade would bring material benefits to participating
countries . Foreign voter participation is clearly bound to work best at a local level , where the issues are more concrete . Three completed trade agreements ( with South Korea , Panama , and Colombia )
have been languishing for years , mostly because of deep opposition to free trade from labor unions and the Democratic Party . In the industrial countries , expansionary budgets , coupled with low interest
rates and elevated asset prices , has led to consumption- or credit-fueled growth , particularly in Anglo-Saxon countries . There are , of course , the country s rich history ’ , abundance of archeological
sites , azure skies , and crystalline seas . But there is also the intense pressure under which Greek society is now functioning – and the extraordinary courage with which ordinary citizens are coping
with economic disaster . Political systems in which power is least controlled , and the abuse of wealth greatest , are most at risk . Temporary Keynesian demand measures may help to sustain short-run internal
growth , but they will not solve France s long-run competitiveness problems ’ . The spreads for Ireland and Portugal have also been rising , even though by the end of July it seemed that the gigantic 920
billion rescue package € put together by the EU , the eurozone countries , the IMF , and the European Central Bank would calm the markets . Something similar happened on the macro level , too . Others concern
smaller nuclear powers willingness ’ to go along , and whether reliable inspection , verification , and enforcement systems can be put in place . Indeed , while food companies would have you believe that
sugar can be part of a balanced diet , the bottom line is that they have created an unbalanced one . Even the much-praised notion of competition seems fake and cynically manipulated by the corporate mentality
“ ” that now pervades the world of culture – by the financial pre-selection that determines what publishers , producers , and other impresarios will support . Educated girls marry later , and are less susceptible
to abuse by older men . And educated women tend to have fewer children and space them more wisely , facilitating a higher level of care ; women with seven years education ’ , according to one study , had
2-3 fewer children than women with no schooling . As for the other nine months , given that the US accounts for only 25 % of world income , it is a fair guess that there are some very wealthy individuals
elsewhere who might be able to kick in . At the same time , during the World Cup , fans are not only universal ; they are also unique , and they can express their difference with impunity , sometimes in
the most assertive , aggressive , and , unfortunately , occasionally racist manner . No one in his right mind suggested that military intervention in China would be a good idea . Although some Central Asian
countries have made progress , most still lag other emerging markets in accountability , rule of law , and reducing corruption . Elsewhere in the post-Soviet world , Georgia s success ’ shows that determined
governments can reduce even entrenched venality . Sufficient numbers of teachers , school buildings , and textbooks are all essential , but accelerating learning requires much more . They would obtain timely
warning of the existence of an H5N1 strain that is transmissible from human to human , but would focus the vast majority of their funding on parallel , low- and high-tech approaches vaccines – , drugs
, and other public health measures – that would primarily benefit themselves . Any economist from Washington ( or Harvard ) would have pushed a recipe of privatization and across-the-board liberalization
if asked in 1978 to advise the Chinese government . The economy needs to be steered in the desired direction without triggering instability , making correct sequencing and coordination of policy measures
essential . Previous research has found that increases in employment in US multinationals foreign subsidiaries ’ are positively correlated with increases in employment in their US operations : in other
words , employment abroad complements employment at home , rather than substituting for it . And , if the BoE s Andrew Haldane ’ is right that rising pressures in Asia threaten future turmoil , the West
will regret its failure to entrench global capital-adequacy and liquidity standards and a more transparent early-warning system . The resulting explosion of critical press stories then causes everything
– all activity , all initiative – to stop . The 1932 default on Britain s ’ WWI loans from America remains the largest blemish on the UK s debt history ’ , but the background is crucial . Citizenship is
not constituted by groups , but by individuals interactingas citizenswith specific interests and goals . But you cannot dress up failure in the clothes of success . Saudi power and US acquiescence managed
to stifle democratic agitation in the Gulf , but the region ’ s dynasties cannot expect to slip history s noose ’ once and for all . To many , myself included , NATO 's enlargement to take in , among others
, the Baltic states of Estonia , Latvia , and Lithuania -- which were once Soviet republics -- is an impossible dream come true . In one sense , we should be grateful for our hard-working M &amp; A technicians
, well-paid as they are : it is important that businesses with lousy managements or that operate inefficiently be under pressure from those who may do better , and can raise the money to attempt to do
so . Moreover , compared to natural gas and crude oil , coal is much cheaper per ton of CO2 released . This implies that any tax on carbon has a much higher impact on coal than on crude oil ( or gas ) . But
what about the impact of politics on economics ? That is what I believe you see today in the US . The Lessons of Europe s Carbon Trade ’ He did eventually come to understand the nature and severity of the
crisis , and then took decisive steps that contributed to halting the economic freefall . The state s commitments ’ became incredible as it absorbed losses produced in the non-functioning market . Israel
is more isolated regionally and internationally than ever , owing to Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu diplomatic failures . It is difficult for them to understand how it could be any other way
. ROME -- A year ago , few people would have bet that the European Union , still reeling from the trauma of the Constitutional Treaty s rejection ’ in 2005 , would be poised to ratify the new Reform Treaty
, adopted in Lisbon last December . For some , the fact that the United Kingdom might ratify it even earlier than traditionally “ pro-European countries ” like Italy merely underscores the Treaty s lack
’ of new and bold initiatives to accelerate European unification . When the $ 200 billion rescue of these firms was undertaken and their $ 6 trillion in liabilities taken over by the US government , the
rally lasted one day . As a result , it is much more likely that Syria s disintegration ’ would call the entire post-World War I ( or post-Ottoman ) Middle Eastern state system – also called the Sykes-Picot
system “ ” – into question . ABU DHABI – In the 1949 British film The Third Man , the character Harry Lime observes that , during the Borgia family s rule ’ in Renaissance Italy , the country “ had warfare
, terror , murder , and bloodshed . But [ it ] produced Michelangelo , Leonardo da Vinci , and the Renaissance . ” Some say that young people in the rich countries are just too well off to mobilize politically
, at least en masse . But they might be radicalized by the prospect of inheriting a badly damaged ecosystem . This forces knowledge to be made more widely available , thereby breaking the effective monopoly
that researchers and their funders would otherwise enjoy . Joseph Schumpeter s phrase ’ “ creative destruction , ” his definition of entrepreneurship , aptly describes this process . While T5 will mostly
service British Airways , T3 will service Air China and two dozen other airlines . In fact , the international community is waiting for Syria s ’ disorganized opposition to transform itself into a coherent
, effective force as much as the opposition is waiting for the international community . This entails forming a common platform that represents all relevant groups , including the Local Coordination Committees
, the Syrian Revolution Coordinators Union , and the Free Syrian Army s military councils ’ . Similarly , Israelis and Palestinians have both engaged in barbaric acts in a tragic interplay of mutual fear
that empowers extremists in both communities . But the concept of community is also composed of concrete things . It depends , for example , on whether the environment is nurtured . Japan ’ s Fukushima disaster
has generated a massive debate about the safety of nuclear power , but not about nuclear weapons . Whereas for Hayek recovery requires the liquidation of excessive investments and an increase in consumer
saving , for Keynes it consists in reducing the propensity to save and increasing consumption in order to sustain companies ’ profit expectations . Hayek demands more austerity , Keynes more spending . The
first lesson of European unity is that times of crisis must draw the continent closer together , not divide it through protectionism , competitive devaluations , and expulsions of immigrants . Similarly
, the euro must not be allowed to become an Iron Curtain that consigns non-members to a high-risk zone where investors dare not venture . Indeed , the talk nowadays of currency wars leading to trade wars
is reminiscent of the disastrous experience of the 1930 s ’ . It was only at the end of the 1970 s ’ that the Fed , under its new chairman , Paul Volcker , tightened monetary policy and caused inflation
to fall . The one area in which government clearly is in charge is public finance . In addition , the prospect of a democratic Russia eventually joining Nato might be openly acknowledged . Both must be done
before any new enlargement is announced . Yet the Sejm s decision ’ raises the question : Do Poles really want Jewish life to return to their country ? Or do they see Poland s Jewish legacy ’ only as something
that benefits their tourism and food industries ? Consider Saudi Arabia ’ s actions there . But 12 Federal Reserve Bank presidents are pushing for more progress on money market reform . That is true , on
average and in normal times , but what happens if many SWFs , responding to sudden uncertainty and volatility , pull back at the same time for diplomatic or commercial reasons ? But it is clear to me that
this moment in Myanmar s history ’ represents a real opportunity for permanent change – an opportunity that the international community must not miss . It is time for the world to move the agenda for Myanmar
forward , not just by offering assistance , but by removing the sanctions that have now become an impediment to the country s transformation ’ . Or , for every euro spent , we would do a bit less than half
a cent worth of good . The critics of austerity point to the fact that Irish GDP has still not returned to its 2007 level . Their common approach is to enter into a real dialogue with the French people based
on an understanding that the only viable basis for reform is a strong political contract between government and citizens . This stands in sharp contrast to the reigns of François Mitterrand and Jacques
Chirac , with their elitism , arrogance , paternalism , and stagnation . The first such case was likely that of Peter Berchet , a young Protestant , who felt that he had to kill the royal councilor Christopher
Hatton , also a Protestant , whom Berchet believed to be a Catholic sympathizer . Attempting to answer this calling , Berchet murdered another Protestant whom he mistook for Hatton . This geographical imbalance
requires an ordered system of trade , clear regulations , and a well-structured global market . Today , however , opaque bilateral agreements abound , and very different environmental requirements and
contradictory subsidies coexist . To be sure , markets might move those transactions from France and from French financial institutions , and , if the regulators erred – because the business was profitable
and not destabilizing – French institutions would lose out . But , if the regulators were right , the French institutions would be more stable . Pollution by nutrients and toxins from adjacent land areas
further vitiate coral populations ' ability to recover , giving seaweed an even greater competitive edge . Recently , in a taxi in Hong Kong , of all places , a young tango dancer from Buenos Aires was
visibly agitated at his host when Brazilian football was put ahead of his country s game ’ . It is encouraging , too , that private equity funds look interested in creating and funding new entrants . We
now know that the torture of prisoners was the result of a policy set in the White House by former Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld , Vice President Dick Cheney , and Rice – who actually chaired the
torture meetings . The Pentagon has also acknowledged that it had authorized sexualized abuse of detainees as part of interrogation practices to be performed by female operatives . Seventeen years ago ,
industrialized nations promised with great fanfare in Rio de Janeiro to cut emissions to 1990 levels by 2000 . Emissions overshot the target by 12 % . And , if they bought insurance , a regulator concerned
with systemic stability would want to be sure that the insurer pays in the event of a loss . People remember that the Great Depression of 1929 , which made 20 million unemployed in six months , had brought
Hitler to power . Terrorism is a form of theater . It works not by sheer destruction , but rather by dramatizing atrocious acts against civilians . Poverty reduction requires both economic and social policies
that reach people . But in countries where the Church s influence ’ remains strong , IVF s opponents ’ are fighting back . Indeed , only Slovenia has been admitted to join the euro area in 2007 , the earliest
possible date . But all of us need to act with greater urgency in translating good intentions into concrete action . Despite being isolated and ostracized , Iran has managed to gain some strategic breathing
room with the help of countries like China , Russia , India , Syria , and Venezuela , allowing it to resist Western pressure . No one really expects political advertising to provide citizens with the information
they need to assess the candidates merits ’ properly . Greater predictability and clarity in the property system is likely to bring economic benefits , reassure international investors , and signal the
leadership s determination ’ to pursue further economic reforms . Perhaps more importantly , the law indirectly consolidates , at least in theory , the concept of a private sphere in Chinese society :
a physical and legal area protected from arbitrary state intervention that could potentially serve as a basis for demanding greater political participation . Strong banks want strong regulation , and we
believe that no taxpayer money should ever again be put at risk to rescue a failed or failing bank . But , three years on from the 2008 financial crisis , we still face considerable challenges , as the
continuing eurozone crisis demonstrates . Europe is equally responsible for advancing research on more secure technologies , particularly a fourth generation of nuclear-reactor technology . We Europeans
cannot afford the luxury of dismantling a high-value-added industrial sector in which we still have a real comparative advantage . The first revolutionary statement “ ” of Egypt s new grassroots Tamarod
’ ( rebel ) movement demanded that Morsi leave within two days or face a march on the presidential palace . “ In the name of 22 million citizens , we declare that Mohammad Morsi is no longer the legitimate
President of Egypt . ” Yet it allows radical Palestinians and jihadi groups in Gaza to conduct operations in Sinai . Much more serious is when science itself becomes infected by the apocalyptic spirit . Now
all European leaders – from Mario Monti in Italy to Mariano Rajoy in Spain and Elio Di Rupo in Belgium agree – on the need to revive the European economy . China ’ s Triumph of the Will But , on all major
issues , and not only because of their political weakness , Germany ’ s leaders now make public opinion the polestar of policy . In any case , it is certain that the current text of the Treaty will not
survive more than two centuries ( as has the United States ' Constitution ) , or even two decades . But that would presuppose a small gesture towards the Palestinians , whom Israelis regard as being so
deeply divided among themselves that no progress toward a peace settlement seems possible . In November , Indians ' votes were the key factor behind the election of a populist political outsider , ex-army
colonel Lucio Gutierrez , as president of this small Andean nation . India s willingness ’ to spend when everyone else is attempting to sell and save entails risks that need to be carefully managed . But
India s example ’ also provides a glimpse of what the world could achieve collectively . Meanwhile , direct taxation of corporations and individuals has tended to decline – despite the moot claim that lower
direct taxation ensures investment and growth . As a result , the tax / GDP ratio in most countries in Sub-Saharan Africa and Latin America has stagnated or even fallen . He has been compared to Abraham
Lincoln in his willingness to include rivals as well as friends on his team . It is time to heed the fundamental laws of economics and put a stop to the imprudence that those charged with fighting the crisis
have been allowed to get away with . Europe needs no banking union beyond a common regulatory system . The GSP rightly notes that sustainable development has three pillars : ending extreme poverty ; ensuring
that prosperity is shared by all , including women , youth , and minorities ; and protecting the natural environment . Although the meager rate hike was presented as a consensus of the ECB s Governing Council
’ , it soon became apparent that the decision had been controversial . Some Council members , unhappy with Trichet s dovish stance ’ at the December press conference , made their displeasure known via
the press soon after . Lands legally recorded as wilderness will encourage more fire ; and a reluctance to put firefighters at risk in remote settings – as well as cost concerns – argues for backing off
and letting the next ridge burn while offering point protection for threatened communities . All of these problems were to some extent hidden due to the external pressure of EU accession , and have now
erupted into full view . But there are more obvious causes for Central Europe 's current problems . Extremists on both sides end up putting at risk the vast majority of humans who are neither extremists
nor anti-science fundamentalists . In the interwar years , these employees largely disappeared from the lives of all but the ultra-rich . Despite officials seeming desire ’ to reduce income inequality ,
China s government ’ is aggravating it , by – among other things – subsidizing producers , favoring capital-intensive industries , and maintaining a highly inefficient financial sector . Seared by memories
of turmoil , reinforced by the Cultural Revolution of the 1960 s ’ and 1970 s ’ , China s leadership ’ places the highest priority on stability . Of course , it is not entirely untrue that China ’ s overcapacity
reflects a shortfall of effective demand . But where can effective demand come from ? Education ministers should demand healthy school meals . Iran has also believed that it could split France , and perhaps
Germany , away from the United States – as if either country would risk infuriating the Americans for the sake of a leader like Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . He would stand up to the haters at home ( including
those in his own party ) and to the terrorists abroad . South Korea called on the G-20 s members ’ to focus on challenges such as meeting the United Nations Millennium Development Goals ’ , raising agricultural
production , and building sustainable infrastructure in developing economies . But , by 1960 , euphoria had given way to rancor among those whom he had used to regain office but who now saw him as a traitor
to be neutralized along with the regime he had brought into being . There has been a boom in so-called service-delivery protests “ ” in the settlements surrounding urban areas . NATO has been trying for
years – without success – to get its member states to spend the required 2 % of GDP on defense . Compliance would mean an estimated $ 67 billion increase in Alliance-wide defense spending , or roughly
the equivalent of adding another British or French defense budget – no panacea , but very helpful nonetheless . One of the hardest things in central banking is that investors often hear a very different
message from that which the central bank intends to send . Not surprisingly , the last time American culture had such a reversal of iconography was during the Great Depression , when films like “ The Grapes
of Wrath ” cast down-to-earth simplicity – versus the corruption of wealthy elites – as a shining virtue . One reason that banks oppose debt write-downs is that many underwater homeowners continue to repay
debt rather than default , even while cutting back on other spending . If these diligent payers are eventually expected to default , writing down their debt today makes sense . Greater awareness of their
shared problems should bring greater activism toward developing programs that meet the needs of youth . Because pharmaceutical companies want their drug to work , they are rarely interested in studying
what to do if it is ineffective . In short , conditions in Iraq , while significantly better than five years ago , are more likely to deteriorate than improve . Witness , for example , Ireland 's veto of
the institutional reforms adopted at the EU 's Nice summit in December 2000 - reforms without which enlargement cannot go forward . This private-sector recovery is helping government finances . The US budget
deficit has been on a downward trend for now , helped by both higher revenues and lower pressure on spending ( for example , payments to the unemployed have fallen as joblessness has declined ) . A wall
is a bad international symbol , especially at the time when the fall of the Berlin Wall is being commemorated . And , as we have all witnessed in recent months , Arab public opinion clearly matters . NEW
YORK – In my experience , if you are attacked for your diplomacy from both left and right , by doves and hawks , and by internationalists and isolationists , you probably have it just right . In the avalanche
of commentary on this month ’ s US-Russia deal on Syria s chemical weapons ’ , few have been prepared to call it a win-win-win outcome “ ” for the United States , Russia , and the Syrian people . In the
past , Nigeria has always managed to weather its political tempests . These are not people who came from outside their countries . They are people who in some ways lacked full citizenship , who demanded
it , and who redefined the political order by obtaining it . China is the one place that quietly implements a constructive economic engagement approach . Instead of pressing Beijing to cut off North Korea
, the US and its allies should further develop their own efforts to draw North Korea out of its insularity . Because this war time destruction was concentrated , some of the reconstruction aid will also
be concentrated . For many , its behavior toward Syria – aligning itself with Russia to block international action – and in maritime territorial disputes with its neighbors exemplifies this tendency . The
theory of “ debt overhang ” – the intellectual origin of the proposal – explains why troubled banks are reluctant to issue new equity : the benefits accrue mostly to the bank s bondholders ’ and dilute
existing shareholders . OXFORD Where – does America put God ? Historically , there has always been tension between the separation of church and state that the United States has enshrined in its Constitution
and regular upsurges of religious faith , even religious extremism , that seek an outlet in the political process – or even seek to dominate it . CAMBRIDGE : Europe 's economy is clearly on the upswing
: growth forecasts run at 3 % and even higher rates are quite possible . The first change is economic . For example , French President Nicolas Sarkozy preempted a common European position on the Palestinian
statehood bid at the UN in September . In other words , even when France leads , it does not always do so in a constructive way . But is too much trading really a critical economic problem ? To boost the
value of their shares , these shareholders backed the drive to reduce the global volume of the payroll and the number of workers that companies employ . In the process , the efficacy of pan-European rescue
mechanisms is being undermined . The euro crisis thus offers Europe an opportunity to reestablish trust . The emerging-market economies are at risk as a result . During the 1995 presidential campaign , the
main issues were unemployment and social divisions . In 2002 , the priority was security . But there is no agreement on where to situate it or how to staff it . The National Police Force that Mexico ’ s
last three presidents Ernesto Zedillo – , Vicente Fox and Calderón – have tried to build is still far from ready to replace the Army in drug-enforcement tasks . For example , the primary objective of privatization
would not be to reduce the size of the state sector , but to eliminate state-owned enterprises ’ unfair and hidden privileges , such as subsidized credit and monopolistic market positions . After all ,
it worked successfully for decades : the unprecedented geostrategic , military , and ideological confrontation of the Cold War never escalated into open , head-to-head warfare . No country rivals America
s promotion ’ of the rule of law , liberal democracy , transparency , and free enterprise . While other countries certainly support these values , only the US has been willing , healthy , and big enough
to ensure that they prevail . France will have to say yes to a political union : a common government with common parliamentary control for the eurozone . There is a full-time , centrally organized office
and team to co-ordinate this program . Operation Condor , the Riggs , Frei , and Prats affairs , and many other crimes are documented in the recent report on torture and political imprisonment written by
the special commission established by President Ricardo Lagos . Going through the same material as Alesina had , its authors pointed out that “ while it is plausible to conjecture that confidence effects
have been at play in our sample of consolidations , during downturns they do not seem to have ever been strong enough to make the consolidations expansionary . ” Fiscal contraction is contractionary ,
period . While economic data suggests that improvement in fundamentals has occurred - the risk of a near depression has been reduced ; the prospects of the global recession bottoming out by year end are
increasing ; and risk sentiment is improving - it is equally clear that other , less sustainable factors are also playing a role . Broadly speaking , the weakest contracts are those that allow wealth and
power to be concentrated in the same few hands , while the strongest are built on significant dispersal of both . Tolerance becomes the cardinal European virtue in this vision , and the EU s character ’
as an entity with federal law but without federal statehood is viewed as a strength , not a weakness . In the coming weeks , Europe s governments ’ will be measured by their commitment to the preservation
of this vital global resource . PALO ALTO – On top of the devastation caused in Haiti by the January earthquake , Hurricane Tomas this month , and the subsequent dislocations , exposure , and malnutrition
, the country is now experiencing an accelerating cholera outbreak . At least 8,000 people are currently in hospital , and the death toll is near 600 from this waterborne bacterial disease . Does a country
have the resources to address the problems that it faces ? The changes that have already occurred show that if big corporations know that their consumers want them to act more ethically , they will do so
. To critics of this , I offer one more sign . Politicians tend to argue that , although some plumbers migrate to the West and companies relocate to the East , the West will enjoy more jobs in net terms
due to the likely expansion of its exports . Ultimately , reducing wages , public services , and household income impedes human development , threatens political stability , lowers demand , and delays recovery
. Rather than continuing to adhere to policies that do more harm than good , policymakers should consider a new approach one – that actually contributes to their countries social and economic progress
’ . Not surprisingly , the European right is beginning to use immigration as a tool to attack the welfare state . Some of these powers are still emerging economies . Politically , however , most of them
have crossed the threshold that has long limited their access to the kitchen of international decision-making . Whenever I leave for home , if I do , I will be fully unprotected , as well as all of my compatriots
here who do not have arms . Throughout its history , Europe saw countless bloody conflicts ; peoples and states clashed , with the Czech lands often the bloody crossroads of these battles . The situation
in Libya today is not identical . Israeli prime ministers are supposed to come in two varieties : heavily accented Eastern European men and grizzled military officers who talk a good game before acquiescing
to the latest American or international demands for concessions , talks , and aid . All three reasons are highly regrettable . They underscore the West s seeming inability ’ to break out of a short-term
mindset in order to respond to the risks and opportunities related to historic national and global re-alignments . To start , governments should design targeted , evidence-based policies and support the
development of sound institutions . I would argue that three factors largely explain our collective failure : specialization , the difficulty of forecasting , and the disengagement of much of the profession
from the real world . The problem is that North Korea has no experience with collective leadership . In the last six decades , all power has been concentrated in the hands of one person . That right is recognized
in most countries , but not , apparently , in Italy . Elites and protesters – ’ fellow citizens – should respond conscientiously and creatively to moral indignation , comprehending that it is ultimately
about an affirmation of liberal democracy , and not about all-out revolution , let alone nihilism . Ambassadors have been recalled . She has been called the Queen “ of Elections , ” in particular since she
won a campaign in 2006 after being slashed with a box cutter by a deranged man . For its part , Hamas , the Muslim Brotherhood ’ s Palestinian branch , seeks to consolidate its control over Gaza and use
it as a base from which to take control of the West Bank and the Palestinian national movement . This outcome would be comparable to the Brotherhood s takeover ’ in Egypt , further establishing its ascendancy
in the region . So far , many studies have been conducted to verify the supposed beneficial effects of antioxidant supplements . Isolating the conflict s impact ’ from that of other interventions ( e.g.
, economic sanctions ) may be impossible . Judging whether economic interdependence produces power requires looking at the balance of asymmetries , not just at one side of the equation . These goals require
hard work on the part of government and society . There are real social consequences in seeking punishment for such people . In all of these areas , Venezuela is faring poorly even by Latin America ’ s low
standards . This is particularly true in the case of institutional weakness . Yet , year in and year out , China has defied the naysayers and stayed the course , perpetuating the most spectacular development
miracle of modern times . Can anyone really expect Israel to be impressed by Iran s ’ righteous criticism of its defiance “ of the law ” ? Anti-malaria efforts traditionally focus on distributing insecticide-treated
bed-nets and drugs to vulnerable residents of a region . In the fall of 2001 , when fighting broke out between the Taliban and the Northern Alliance , I could not travel and was stranded at a roadside teahouse
for several weeks . In recent years , more than one-third of total bank lending has gone to infrastructure , most of which has been built by government entities . Indeed , recognizing its over-investment
in infrastructure , the government recently abandoned several high-speed rail projects that were already under construction . One group of respected Israelis and Palestinians , the Geneva Group , even drew
up a peace plan that tackles every possible negotiating point honestly and fairly . And Lula achieved all this without triggering inflation , which he knows – perhaps a result of his own impoverished childhood
– wreaks havoc on the poor most of all . Back then , international monetary diplomacy focused on creating a new form of international reserves , what became the International Monetary Fund s Special Drawing
Rights ’ . If a person ’ s annual income increased from $ 300 to $ 500 that may be enough to lift him out of extreme poverty , and will make a huge difference to his welfare and that of his family . The
election was unanimously judged to be honest and fair by all international observers . As such , once the initial euphoria dissipates , Libyans are likely to turn against the TNC if it cannot deliver battlefield
successes . Senior officials from the ministries of commerce , defense , and foreign affairs will meet in the next two months followed by a meeting of the foreign ministers . Neither is a drawing a simple
dichotomy between Al Qaeda , inextricably entwined with the Taliban , would also claim victory if America had signaled a retreat . Should Saddam be tried by Iraqis in Iraq , or should he face an international
tribunal ? His sentiments remain relevant for today 's India . Remember , corruption keeps things stable . They are likely to place much greater emphasis on consumer lending , especially mortgages and credit
cards . With China s mortgage lending equal ’ to only 10 % of GDP , compared to 60-70 % in the Anglo-Saxon countries , there is huge opportunity for growth . The world needs one . Leading economists have
long argued that the West ’ s greater reliance on markets resulted in faster and more robust economic growth . Why should the fact that you can get away with cheating mean that you are not culpable ? Players
should not be exempt from ethical criticism for what they do on the field , any more than they are exempt from ethical criticism for cheating off the field – for example , by taking performance-enhancing
drugs . First , free movement has meant that good players from small leagues improve much more than they would had they stayed home . A good Danish or Bulgarian player improves much faster if he joins Manchester
United or Barcelona . That is precisely what is happening . Although it is difficult to anticipate how high long-term interest rates will eventually rise , the large budget deficit and the rising level of
the national debt suggest that the real rate will be higher than 2 % . A higher rate of expected inflation would also cause the total nominal rate to be greater than 5 % . One future for Iran would be mostly
an extension of what already exists , i.e. , an Iran run by conservative clerics and an aggressive Revolutionary Guard , with the latter increasingly enjoying the upper hand . The Iranian regime would
continue to brutally repress its domestic opponents , meddle in Iraq and Afghanistan , arm and fund Hezbollah and Hamas , and , most important , develop the ability to construct one or more nuclear weapons
and the means to deliver them . It is often suggested that what is called the subprime crisis “ ” was the result of lax monetary policies that led to excess liquidity in financial markets . To renege on
formal decisions and commitments , or to add last-minute obstacles , would make a mockery of the Union s credibility ’ . Russia s demonstrators message ’ ’ is simple : “ Too much corruption , disdain ,
and inequality is too much . ” It hadn ’ t . All President Hu really said was that China would now endeavour “ ” to curb its carbon emissions by a notable margin “ ” . • The first is a reform of unemployment
insurance . Several other European governments find themselves in a similar state of unpopularity not long after being elected . Indeed , I can attest from personal experience that to debate her is to encounter
someone who is absolutely certain of facts that must exist somewhere in a parallel universe . The same can be said of the approximately 450 nuclear reactors around the world . The policy worked . Individual
banks would rise or fall in importance based on their value relative to the market index of all banks in the fund . The substantial new official resources of the IMF and ESM and ECB liquidity – – could
then be used to ring-fence these countries , and banks elsewhere in the eurozone s troubled periphery ’ . But national preferences are diverse , and if mechanically imposed , fiscal centralization might
incite resistance . Together with the Christmas tree , Sankt Niklaus , as the Germans called the benefactor , became a central figure in German Christmas habits . In fact , the average impact of policy reform
on inequality is zero . Of course , the Western powers must be applauded for their efforts , with the support of Qatar and the United Arab Emirates , to prevent a slaughter of Libya s civilian population
’ . The extreme poor in Latin America ’ s rural communities live five kilometers or more on average from the nearest paved road – almost twice as far as non-poor rural households , resulting in difficult
and very costly access to markets and needed services . But there is no reason why Israel ’ s secular majority should share the belief that having tens of thousands of ultra-orthodox scholars studying the
Torah provides any benefit at all to the nation , and it is certainly not as arduous as military service . It ’ s not as if Asian consumer demand is dormant . One day , Romania might actually learn this
lesson . America could regain it under Obama , but not under McCain . Minority public ownership can provide resources , while retaining the benefits of competition , and ensure that some of the returns accrue
to the general public via government revenues . For decades , Friedman remained stranded in the intellectual wilderness , spurning the postwar Keynesian consensus that governments should use fiscal policy
to manage aggregate demand – a view that sustained statist economic policies through the 1970 s ’ . Indeed , in the context of his age , Friedman was a true intellectual revolutionary , combining rigorous
academic research and gracefully written popular books and journalism to argue for free-market policies – and to affirm the link , defended by writers from Adam Smith to Friedrich von Hayek , between economic
freedom and political liberty . Addressing this hesitation , he declared , will require a thoughtful , nuanced understanding of what “ more Europe ” actually means . The Chinese stock market has fallen 20
% over the past year , to levels last seen in 2009 . In comes a brave new world of “ state-contingent threshold-based forward guidance , ” complete with three conditional knockouts “ ” that would cause
the guidance to be changed . People around the globe should be careful what they wish for . America s failure ’ to deal with its internal challenges would come at a steep price . By stepping down now , Yeltsin
has given his handpicked successor , acting president Vladimir Putin , the best chance to win elections that will take place this coming March . Indeed , nine out of ten schoolchildren in the EU now learn
English . But , charges of corruption aside , this outcome indicates that gas is not such an easy source of hard economic power as it would first appear . At the end of the year , the probability is 90 %
that the event does not occur , so Oz owes nothing to option holders . Indeed , the EU continues to exist precisely because its members respect treaties . National parliaments would be given a say in EU
lawmaking , as the treaty recognizes the roles of parliaments in the adequate workings “ of the Union . ” Yeltsin 's biggest failing was in not creating a viable , non-ideological party - a " party of power
" - to buttress his regime . The United Nations Security Council responded by debating a resolution on strengthening sanctions against North Korea . The 2008 global financial crisis and its aftermath have
caused a loss of faith not only in markets , but also in the ability of democratic governments to ensure that the benefits of market-led growth are widely shared . France is coming closer to the danger
zone , and even Germany ’ s annual GDP growth is falling well below 1 % per year . Establishing effective multilateralism requires an emphasis on rules and institutions that facilitate coordination . Spain
s protesters ’ , and those in other countries , are right to be indignant : here is a system in which the bankers got bailed out , while those whom they preyed upon have been left to fend for themselves
. Worse , the bankers are now back at their desks , earning bonuses that amount to more than most workers hope to earn in a lifetime , while young people who studied hard and played by the rules see no
prospects for fulfilling employment . “ Totalitarianism ” began its conceptual life in 1923 as a criticism or parody by the liberal writer Giovanni Amendola of the megalomaniacal pretensions of Benito Mussolini
s new regime ’ . In the course of a few years , it had become the proud self-definition of Italian fascism , endorsed by Mussolini s education minister ’ , Giovanni Gentile , who became the official philosopher
of fascism , and then incorporated in a ghost-written article by Mussolini himself in the Encyclopedia of Fascism . In the US , this has complicated the Federal Reserve s task ’ . The Islamic Action Front
, the Brotherhood s political party ’ in Jordan , continued to reject the majoritarian electoral system , which favors tribes over political parties and other important social groups . In particular ,
owing to the relative insignificance of national party lists , Jordanians of Palestinian origin , who comprise nearly half the electorate , receive only a small percentage of elected officials . Well ,
imagine you have pneumonia , but you think it is only a bad cold . Similar reservations apply to predicting the political ramifications of high crime levels . So Germany has to thank deficit countries like
the US , or Spain and Greece in Europe , for propping up its industries and preventing its unemployment rate from rising further . For a wealthy economy that is supposed to contribute to global economic
stability , Germany is not only failing to do its fair share , but is free-riding on other countries economies ’ . · Declining competitiveness . Italy 's most dynamic producers are small manufacturing firms
in traditional sectors with relatively low technological content . The Obama administration committed itself to global leadership through civilian rather than military power . A case in point is the issue
of National Missile Defense . Saakashvili cannot pick up his tiny country and move it to Mexico . Quenching America ’ s Thirst for Oil Comprehensive reform is the only way out . Unless China commits to greater
political openness , allowing the poor and disadvantaged to voice their concerns , represent themselves , and monitor policy implementation , it will continue to be jeopardized by a false and perilous
prosperity . But looking forward to the next political cycle in 2012 , or the one after that in 2016 , there is no guarantee that today ’ s conditions will still apply . Japan used to grow modestly for two
reasons : strong exports to the US and a weak yen . Closer to home , the Kingdom despises Syrian President Bashar al-Assad for his alliance with Iran and duplicity in Lebanon . First , the good news : The
fear that Europe s banks ’ could collapse , with panicked investors flight ’ to safety producing a European Great Depression , now seems to have passed . If “ credibility ” were purged from the debate and
the focus placed squarely on advancing long-term US interests , it would become apparent that an attack on Syria might not yield even temporary geopolitical gains . Beyond the short term , it would unleash
major unintended consequences , potentially including an Iraq-style soft partition “ ” of Syria and the creation of a haven for extremists stretching across much of Islamist-controlled northern Syria and
into the Sunni areas of Iraq . The Baku-Tbilisi-Ceyhan oil pipeline--which will bypass Russia when it is completed--cannot re-define the country 's economic strategy to the extent that Shevardnadze had
sought . With the benefit of hindsight , we now know that the 12-year pre-crisis US consumer-spending binge was built on a precarious foundation of asset and credit bubbles . When those bubbles burst ,
consumers were left with a massive overhang of excess debt and subpar saving . Paradoxically , too , the greening “ ” of America – an America that discovers late but with passion its responsibility for
the planet s survival ’ – may lead to a competitive transatlantic race for first prize in ecological good behavior . This means that Nigeria would be able to postpone some payments , but will be charged
full market interest rates on the postponement , and is expected to eventually pay off the debts in full . Although a real breakthrough in the Arab-Israeli peace process appears unlikely , United States
envoy George Mitchell is still talking of Arab-Israeli peace as a distinct possibility in 2011 . Even after its loan cycle had been speeded up , the Bank took an average of 13.5 months to approve credits
– a long time for a country to await “ emergency help ” . Why Greece Will Default Indeed , it has become a dominant theme of Bush s second term ’ . As Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice put it in a recent
speech in Cairo , “ Freedom and democracy are the only ideas powerful enough to overcome hatred , division , and violence . ” ( It is reasonably certain that he would not have trusted Brown to do any of
these things in the face of any serious opposition , and also reasonably certain that he was correct to think so . ) The trouble with this carrot-and-stick strategy is not that it is wrong but that it is
insufficient . The most striking example is India , one of the least sports-oriented countries in the world , given its demographics : six medals for more than 1.2 billion inhabitants – the same number
as Croatia , which has a population of just 4.3 million ! CAMBRIDGE : In his first international outing America ’ s new Treasury Secretary Paul O Neill ’ got tripped up – by telling the truth . To put the
matter crudely , the human rights activist is a moral absolutist par excellence . Can the situation get worse ? Yes , it can : much worse . But in China , where farmers make up 30-35 % of the labor force
and 70 % of the population falls into low-income categories , government can play only a marginal role . The assumption that a benign growth and interest-rate environment was a permanent state of affairs
led to a massive failure of fiscal counter-cyclicality in the advanced economies , as budget deficits became chronic , rather than a response to depressed domestic demand . The European Commission has proposed
a single rulebook for banks capital requirements ’ ; mutual support between national deposit guarantee schemes ; and Europe-wide rules for resolving failing banks that place the main burden on bank shareholders
and creditors , not on taxpayers . Economists spoke derisively of a Hindu rate “ of growth . ” But they are unlikely to want to do so at this point , even if the US political system allowed it . Those who
studied in the West appear well equipped to present an Islam more adaptable and amenable “ ” to social change . The cost of non-intervention , of allowing Qaddafi to crush his own people , and of thus signaling
to the world s despots ’ that a campaign of domestic terror is acceptable , is far more menacing . BRUSSELS – As policymakers scratch their heads and wonder how best to absorb different cultures and religions
into Europe ’ s very distinct national societies , they could do worse than consider some new ideas being developed in Switzerland . China ’ s fears could be addressed by greater international collaboration
, but China must be willing to cooperate as well , and , as we have seen again in recent days , it is unlikely to be forced out of its indecisiveness . Indeed , Western works are taught as “ models for
writing ” to journalism students in China s universities ’ . This is a crucial change , and it is the fundamental reason for an increasing number of genuine news items and commentaries in China s media
’ today . In the decision to send British forces to defend Sierra Leone from a barbaric invasion from Liberia , he faced down all those who warned of disaster and won great moral credit . On the Richter
scale of drug disasters , the looming anti-depressant crisis appears to range between 7 and 11 , where thalidomide rates a 10 . Time will tell , but the key point is this : the thalidomide disaster of
the 1950 's and 1960 's happened because there was no independent control of drug safety , whereas the anti-depressant crisis has grown under theaegisof an elaborate , expensive , and global regulatory
system . The other view is that China contributed to global imbalances not through its merchandise exports , but through its capital exports . They have compelling arguments , but they lack large numbers
of followers . China s enthusiasm ’ for RMB internationalization since 2009 partly reflects its frustration with the lack of progress in reforming the international financial architecture , and with the
state of regional financial cooperation . Decision Time for the Global Economy Yes , China needs to strengthen its social safety net and to deepen domestic capital markets before consumption can take off
. The US , even under a new president , cannot succeed in the region without a united front with Europe . Serbia has lost Kosovo , but it still has not found itself , while Croats are split over joining
the EU , with a majority planning to vote against it . Cardoso is right . In strategic terms , no other country or group of countries has the capacity to replace the US . The alternative to a US-led global
order is disorder , in which terrorism , nuclear proliferation , and economic protectionism are increasingly the norm . Civil liberties were boosted . In Colombia s ’ south – where the heavy presence of
illegal armed groups makes social peace a distant dream – I went to visit a secondary school , as part of a needs assessment . They stopped the decline in the spring and early summer of this year , bringing
the recession to what one hopes is more than a temporary halt . Without a fundamental fix-up of the IMF and World Bank and other key institutions , the cause of international development will continue to
suffer . And yet , paradoxically , the absence of control is what makes the euro attractive . Under certain circumstances , dogs understand that a human who cannot see them ( because , for example , she
is blindfolded ) is less likely to respond to begging with a tasty treat than a person whose vision is not obscured . But this is only half right . Through their government , they gave another $ 10 per person
, or $ 50 per family . That makes a total of $ 70 per family . But the Commission cannot in the long run be vigorous unless the Union s democratic principle ’ is strengthened . Shleifer s research ’ looks
at 75 countries and asks how many formal steps it takes to establish ( legally and without bribes ) a new company , how long it takes to do so , and what is the cost . Rogozin for President True , Germany
has been hit hard – very hard – by the economic crisis . The LDP state “ ” was based on the promise , given by Prime Minister Ikeda Hayato in 1960 , that family incomes would soon be doubled . Now opponents
of Turkey s EU accession bid ’ have seized upon recent events to argue that the country does not meet the democratic standards necessary for full membership . For starters , China ’ s new leadership has
moved away from outsize fiscal and monetary stimulus and accepted an economic slowdown , betting on structural change , systemic reform , and sustainable longer-term growth . For it is in no European country
s interest ’ , or in the interest of the EU as a whole , that Central and Eastern Europe feel that they have been cast adrift or that Germany and Russia fixate on each other in this time of crisis . This
seemed like a diplomatic breakthrough , but there was less forward movement than meets the eye . An individual is free and autonomous only because of the collective decisions taken after democratic debate
, notably those decisions that guarantee each person access to public goods such as education , health care , etc . Some sense of social solidarity may remain , but it is so abstract that those for whom
the wheel of fortune has spun so favorably feel little debt . In November , the first ever India-China joint naval exercises were held off the Chinese coast . But the Islamists call ’ for nationwide protests
flopped . The military , after decades of rule , has dismantled all forms of political organization parties – , trade unions , and student associations – leaving a Pakistani society immobilized , apathetic
, and incapable of articulating its preferences . The software industry is unique , because it has unusually low barriers to entry and ready access to a huge market through the Internet . A start-up is
typically just a group of kids with a good idea and programming skills . Of course , creating new software is costly . So why should Microsoft bother ? Low-carbon primary energy means three options : renewable
energy , including wind , solar , geothermal , hydropower , and biomass ; nuclear energy ; and carbon capture and sequestration , which means using fossil fuels to create energy , but trapping the CO2
emissions that result and storing the carbon safely underground . This will mean starting to imagine – without panic or rush , and with all the care and thoughtfulness that this conversation requires –
a global civics . But , while doing so , they are not likely to be expanding private-sector lending to support economic growth . Part of this capital export flowed to the new EU members in Eastern Europe
, which enjoyed , relative to their size , gigantic capital imports . Can he recover ? The term awash “ with liquidity ” was last in vogue just before the US stock market crash of October 19 , 1987 , the
biggest one-day price drop in world history . If Newtonian mechanics is at the bottom of everything , then one should be able to derive the second law of thermodynamics from Newtonian physics . In plain
English , a supposedly well-capitalized bank in the UK can have 97 cents of debt per one dollar of assets ( and just three cents of equity ) . Such a low loss-absorption capacity would get you run out
of town in the US , where regulators are weighing a 5-6 % leverage ratio ( twice as much equity on a non-risk-weighted basis ) , and some responsible officials are still pushing for 10 % or higher . Unfortunately
, neither of these outcomes is likely . The pattern of our values has been woven over hundreds of years . Thus , policies aimed at boosting employment by the end of , say , this calendar year needed to be
put in place about a year ago to have time to have reached their full effect . A moral sense is essential to a democracy of true solidarity . To secure the moral sense that only social solidarity may provide
, a clear set of social rights must also exist . But , in the here and now , these relationships need to be maintained in order to help polarized societies make progress toward overcoming their divisions
. Keeping everyone in suspense helps prevent the emergence of organized opposition to a dynastic succession . Finally , the processes within supply chains , and the feedback interactions between them , can
make the system greater or smaller than the sum of its parts . They often now live in homes where 25 people live in a space of 40 square meters . After a military attack by the United States , both promises
would be history . At its worst , any populist movement can descend to demagoguery . The global net benefit of the increased flow of migrants for 25 years is between $ 13 trillion and $ 39 trillion close
– to the median estimated gains from the Doha round . In some respects , the Tibetans were treated less ruthlessly than the majority of Chinese . On both shores of the Mediterranean , generations have passed
and new connections have been formed . Nobody ever said that the road to stronger global governance would be straight or simple to navigate . Chinese manufacturing assembly is integral to global supply chains
for many products . The main challenge for the Assembly is to forge onward , keeping in mind that the road ahead is full of seemingly insurmountable challenges . In my view , Kennedy was a good but not a
great president . A reversal in the West is possible , perhaps even likely . So the current crisis may thus , accidentally , establish a pro-globalization consensus that spans East and West . Such arrangements
make sense in rare circumstances ( perhaps in a very small and open economy such as Estonia ) . Even if the system made sense in Argentina in 1991 to end hyperinflation , it came at a high cost that need
not be paid by other countries . In the first half of the 20th century they succeeded in turning these conflicts into two World Wars , and Europe into a charnel house . The storm had hardly settled when
Obasanjo sacked General Aliyu Gusau , his powerful National Security Adviser . Several senior military officers whose loyalty was questionable were also replaced . This principle was enshrined in Article
125 of the Maastricht Treaty , which has since been rigorously interpreted by the German constitutional court . President Barack Obama rejected many of the policies of the George W. Bush administration
that were seen as trying to force democracy on Arab countries . These two imperatives are inherently contradictory , but the balance between them is still best achieved through representative , parliamentary
democracy . This is true both of the region s financial sectors ’ and its real economies . But as a result of these policies , every country in the group is starting 2012 with larger international reserves
and foreign debts with longer maturities than they would have had otherwise . The acceleration of particles at high energy slows down all physical processes , because , according to Einstein s theory ’
of relativity , time runs more slowly for fast-moving objects . Since protons are the simplest nuclei , it was hoped that , at high energy , the forces acting during the scattering of protons could be
observed and analyzed like in a slow-motion film , providing a precise understanding of the strong force . The first peer-reviewed study that analyzed it , published in 2007 , scathingly described it as
being supported by “ thin arguments , based on inadequate methods , sloppy reasoning , and selective citation from a very narrow set of studies . ” If ever there were a time to act in a spirit of renewed
multilateralism , a time to put the united “ ” back into the United Nations , it is now . Such a declaration would also be an enormous act of self-empowerment for the Palestinians . Until now , they have
failed abysmally in institutional nation-building , a necessary requirement for any successful national movement . It would be wrong , as some are doing , to dismiss the Report as an inconsequential wishlist
. As a result , the consequences of a failure to hold elections , a violent crackdown , or a takeover by another authoritarian regime would surely be worse than taking a chance on democracy . But they are
reacting to the current situation . When they are asked if they would like a reformed Turkey as a partner a Turkey – that lives up fully to the conditions for membership described in the Copenhagen Criteria
( democracy , rule of law , respect for human rights , and an effective market economy ) – many more are inclined to say yes . Asian countries now act with much greater self-assurance than in the past . All
this is significant , but I cannot rid myself of the idea that this is a train ride begun in a different time and context , rolling on out of momentum , not out of a new energy or spirit . No compassion
is heard . Indonesia is seeking to form an air-defense squadron of 12 jets , with eight Russian fighters to complement the two Russian Su-27SK s and Su-30MKM s ’ ’ that it has already bought . It is now
clear that European and American geopolitical interests are not automatically in harmony . My friend Boris was leaving my house drunk . So I suggested that he not drive . We are at the juncture between the
old medicine and the new - still mired in the limitations of the old but able to see on the horizon something utterly different in conception . In all cases , however , exchange-rate policies have played
a central role in determining these countries overall macroeconomic results ’ . Indeed , he confronted many of the same issues during his first administration seven years ago . His efforts back then were
halted by his own resignation , and he is now making a second attempt to establish a national-security governance system to meet Japan ’ s needs – and those of its allies – in twenty-first-century Asia
. In an era of rapid technological progress , creativity , and innovation , the global economic landscape can change rapidly . Last but not least : it is not widely known that one anomaly of Lebanon s status
’ until this very day is that Syria has not fully recognized its existence as a sovereign nation ( in Syrian school textbooks , Lebanon figures as part of Greater Syria ) . Perhaps Nigeria s just-concluded
elections ’ gained for it a small slice of that better future . That is why in the aftermath of the failed referenda four years ago in France and the Netherlands on the Constitutional treaty , the Commission
tried to emphasize the idea of a Europe “ of Results ” that would seek to convince citizens of its worth through concrete achievements . Elsewhere , supply constraints are not the problem . No doubt there
will be difficult political and technical issues to resolve , but the current credit chaos has generated a fresh feeling of urgency . Even Britain , an enduring opponent of EU institutions for financial
regulation , may decide that its own interests as Europe s financial hub ’ would be better served by reform . The analogy is apt . No Exceptions But it is part of international law , and that is vital . To
be sure , Brazil has done remarkably well on some measures of economic performance over the past decade . Such thinking reflects an age-old fear : as Plato put it , citizens would get “ information without
proper instruction and , in consequence , be thought very knowledgeable when they are for the most part quite ignorant . ” So , revisit 68 “ ’ ” ? Yes , but only in order to understand it , grasp its scope
, and retain what still makes sense today . Today , Europe needs improved capacity to combat terrorism and the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction , deal with failed or failing states , contend
with regional conflicts , and respond to humanitarian crises . Moderate believers must look to examples such as Indonesia , where Islam has encountered and interacted with new and alien forces . The dynamics
are , however , much as anticipated . America is still on a downward trajectory for 2009 – with grave consequences for the world as a whole . Several years ago , I heard another leading public figure in
Europe explain in a public lecture that Europe is a Christian society and therefore can never admit an Islamic member . Their research identified hundreds of regions of the human genome where the number
of copies of a particular DNA segment varied from individual to individual . A hot , dry summer ( in some places ) has triggered another barrage of such claims . All the sociological evidence about the girls
motives ’ , which are in fact very varied , is swept aside as irrelevant . And yet , until a year or two ago , some political pundits were asking , “ Who lost Turkey ? ” or “ Whither Turkey ? ” – the assumption
being that Turkey had shifted its foreign-policy axis away from the West . Someday , citizens will not just complain about local problems ; they will have the data to prove their case – and to figure out
how to fix those problems ! Equality is dispensed with as a goal and replaced by social inclusion and , more recently , by justice . But even a larger envelope of official resources is not sufficient to
stem the insolvency problems of Greece , Ireland , and , possibly , Portugal and Spain . Parents are often unemployed , ill , divorced , or even incarcerated . Children become trapped in a persistent generational
cycle of poverty , despite the society s general affluence ’ . Nor has he been willing to confront the business lobbies that are willing to hold the Doha Round hostage in order to extract ever more concessions
by other countries , even though they know that the trade talks are about to be sucked into the Bermuda Triangle of the 2012 US presidential election . The Commission is trying to find ways to protect the
rights of the non-eurozone countries . But , in the last ten years or so , we have become concerned about something else : rapid world economic growth . While it may seem that no image in the last decade
was so dramatic as the first photo of the earth from space , think again . Moreover , while Kemal Ataturk restored Turkish national pride by creating the secular Turkish republic , his legacy is mixed ,
for it includes both Turkey ’ s strong attraction to the West and a militarization of public life . America ’ s military and economic strength reinforces confidence in the dollar as a safe haven . As a
Canadian analyst put it , “ the combined effect of an advanced capital market and a strong military machine to defend that market , and other safety measures , such as a strong tradition of property rights
protection and a reputation for honoring dues , has made it possible to attract capital with great ease . ” Bavaria s government ’ increased the workweek from 38.5 to 40 hours for older employees and to
42 hours for younger employees . For there are practical reasons to preserve biodiversity , and they apply to parasites just as much as to their hosts . Many of the most effective drugs , for example ,
were originally discovered in plants or animals . Such reforms can help to ensure that budgetary resources are available at different levels of government ( central , provincial , prefectural , county ,
township , and village ) , and are commensurate with expenditure responsibilities . At the height of the Soviet-Afghanistan war in the 1980 s ’ , Pakistan was the covert conduit for Filipino Muslim militants
passing to and from Afghanistan and back to the island of Mindanao , which has long been a stronghold of Muslim rebels . President Clinton announced the accord ; Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak and PLO
Chairman Yasir Arafat signed nothing . The global economy has operated so far under a set of ideas and institutions emanating from the advanced countries of the West . Why was it not enough to prove that
the Bosnian Serb military leadership was financed and paid by Serbia and that it was tightly connected to Serbia political and military leadership ? What is different now is that this war--a defining feature
of the Yeltsin era--was supposedly settled by President Putin early on in his administration , when he offered the oligarchs a deal : keep your wealth , we won 't investigate how you got it , but stay
out of politics . More immigration would strengthen skills and raise income levels , while reducing distressed countries expenditure ’ on unemployment benefits . Greater labor mobility within the EU would
also help to create a more open European mindset , and thus weaken old nationalist prejudices . Tarullo rightly does not regard limiting bank size as a panacea – his speech made it clear that there are
many potential risks to any financial system . But , in the often-nuanced language of central bankers , Tarullo conveyed a clear message : the cult of size has failed . At home , Putin has focused over
the past year on dealing with his opponents – co-opting some and intimidating others by turning the Russian legal and penal systems into blunt instruments of repression . They highlight the eurozone s institutional
deficits ’ – a single currency and a central bank but none of the other elements of a well-functioning monetary union . Humanitarian and moral concerns demand that this problem be addressed adequately . To
preserve the Atlantic partnership great effort is needed to ensure that policymakers -- on both sides -- are alert to the dangers . Regulators are typically not subject to those temptations . They are not
normally allowed to own stock in financial firms ( at least in the jurisdictions that I know ) . But Steinbrueck also made it clear that he expects any sanctions in response to Germany ’ s predicted 3.4
% -of-GDP fiscal deficit to be largely symbolic , not penalties that would cost its government or economy anything of significance . The Stability and Growth Pact is not – or is not yet working – anywhere
near the way it was intended to work . In the generation after World War II , you could secure a blue-collar unionized manufacturing job or climb to the top of a white collar bureaucracy that offered job
security , relatively high salaries , and long , stable career ladders . The Government 's tax and spending positions have changed mightily since then , so Brown cannot rely on similar surpluses at the
equivalent stage of the next cycle . The risk would be minimized by not raising the amount the central banks are willing to lend in line with the rise in market prices . Today we live in an era of global
human rights . War criminals are put on trial in The Hague . Given this , what arguments support the current value of the euro , or its further rise ? Similarly , the IMF is not expected to help India –
whose per capita GDP is less than a tenth of eurozone levels – to finance the poverty-stricken states of Bihar and Uttar Pradesh . This is why , in order to maintain food prices in the medium term , other
countries or regions will need to start reducing poverty at rates similar to that of China in the recent past . Bearing in mind the differences in their productive structures , sub-Saharan Africa and India
appear to be the best candidates , given that they accounted for 1.4 billion of the world ’ s poor in 2008 and 60 % of global population growth . The arts were one of the first areas to witness this generational
change . But even in the poorest neighborhoods , you see satellite dishes on nearly every balcony or rooftop . ( What China ’ s recent sell-off of US T-bills will mean is , for now , anyone s guess ’ . ) Thirty
years ago , Indonesia and Nigeria - both dependent on oil - had comparable per capita incomes . Today , Indonesia 's per capita income is four times that of Nigeria . Three levers could be used to reach
this goal : adjustment in nominal wages , extension of working time , and a reduction in social-security contributions ( compensated for by an increase in value-added tax ) . There is no chance that America
will join a scheme that limits its flexibility and puts responsibility for US economic performance in the hands of financially inexperienced and statist-minded socialist governments . Looking only at individual
extreme events will not reveal their cause , just like watching a few scenes from a movie does not reveal the plot . The reform comprises three core elements : The state affects asset prices indirectly through
its influence on inflation , interest rates , and the strength of the currency . Indeed , the only thing that I know for certain about those days is a strange curiosity : that Ceausescu endured his kangaroo
court trial and execution with far more dignity than I would ever have imagined . Youth of the Ijo tribe demand that the government redraw local government boundaries , which they claim favor the Itsekiri
, a rival group , before the elections . Violent clashes between the two groups have left hundreds dead and wounded . All of these contributing effects must be understood quantitatively in order to produce
an accurate model of global climate change and we remain far from that point . So the only rational response is to research aggressively into the many unknown factors : the physics of cloud formation ,
the dynamic coupling of the upper stratosphere to the lower atmosphere , the accumulation of atmospheric water vapor . For the less qualified in Western Europe , a decrease in employment will be inevitable
, because the scope for wage fluctuation is limited by collective agreements and by the minimum-wage levels that the welfare state sets through wage-replacement benefits and legal minimum wages . US Interest
Rates Will Continue to Rise Because it is . What might be more interesting , however , is the response that such progress often elicits : “ This seems so obvious . LONDON – As US and NATO soldiers prepare
for their tenth Christmas in Afghanistan , a new buzzword is making the rounds : “ transition , ” the process of transferring responsibility for security from international to Afghan forces ahead of the
withdrawal of foreign troops , which is set to begin in the spring of 2011 . It is no accident that the democratic process has emerged most smoothly where there was some external power to back up the constitution
. In the 1960 s , Friedman ’ showed that Keynesian demand management through government spending constantly increased the money supply , accelerating wage and price growth . But any genuinely diverse discussion
would include not only the 21 state-approved writers on the list , but other officially recognized writers on the more critical end of the spectrum , such as Yan Lianke , who was refused permission to
attend this year ’ s London Book Fair three times . No number reveals the true catastrophe of the American financial system more than this one . The Poverty of Thinking About Poverty A symptom of this is
India ’ s poor performance in international comparisons of universities : the 2009 Asian University Rankings , prepared by the higher education consultancy QS , shows the top Indian institution to be the
Indian Institute of Technology in Bombay , at number 30 . Ten universities in China and Hong Kong are ranked higher . It will allay the growing tensions between Christianity and Islam fueled by international
terrorism and knee-jerk nationalism . Debt reduction by itself clears the way for growth , but does not directly trigger it . Policies that directly target expenditure rebalancing within the eurozone and
expenditure switching within the peripheral economies are also needed . Despite the considerable advantages of a common currency ( price transparency , lower transaction costs , and inflation credibility
, to name a few ) , the difficulty of macroeconomic management of such diverse economies looms larger than ever . The hard part is obtaining the fissionable materials plutonium or highly enriched uranium
– . Once that s done ’ , any nation – or even a sophisticated terrorist group – can do the rest . As a result , cities in those countries were flattened and people killed not only by the Nazis , but also
by their Soviet ally , which invaded Poland and supplied the Wehrmacht with the material it needed for its war against the West . Investing heavily in research and development of low-carbon energy , solar
power , or other new technologies would become cheaper than fossil fuels much more quickly . Economic estimates show that for every $ 1 spent , we would do $ 16 worth of good . Interest Rates Opponents say
that the agencies making the arrangements will be the biggest winners – that the huge profits they reap will dwarf the fees paid by foreign couples to the women bearing their children . As N.B. Sarojini
and Aastha Sharma wrote in the Indian Journal of Medical Ethics , “ The Bill actively promotes medical tourism in India for reproductive purposes . ” Similar ideas , especially concerning security and foreign
policy have proliferated ever since . Most observers attribute the recent provocations to the anticipated succession of power in Pyongyang . I don ’ t agree with that , but the cynicism that such a view
reflects is alarming . Each wanted to take French society in radically different directions , but both never ceased being critical of the status quo . It also shows that , when a crisis erupts , there is
no substitute for effective deterrence and defense . Public anger at the charges coming from America and Britain about Pakistan s Inter-Services ’ Intelligence ( ISI ) increased as round-the-clock television
coverage showed the devastation and suffering caused by floods in the country s northwest ’ , the worst in more than 80 years . Few countries are as dependent on the Persian Gulf region ’ s hydrocarbons
as is India , which imports almost 80 % of its consumption . Iran is the world s third-largest net oil exporter ( ’ with the world s second-largest natural-gas reserves ’ as well ) , and it is a strategically
located gateway to other energy suppliers in Central Asia and the Middle East . In the short term , bolstering European governance by appointing EU President Hermann Van Rompuy as a permanent chairman of
the eurozone conveys a signal about the zone s cohesion ’ that is designed to calm markets and support the strategy adopted on July 21 . The sender knows what she says , but not always what the targets
hear . One representative was named to the Council because he defected with his MIG fighter plane 20 years ago . Other members were previously political prisoners or exiled dissidents . Whereas 2009 was
a tough year for the entire global economy , emerging markets bounced back strongly in 2010 , while rich countries did not . Now Krugman is back with a revised and expanded version of his book , and , sadly
, the timing is perfect . For there is a much better case to be made today than there was in 1998 that we should be thinking in terms of “ depression economics . ” This includes many things that cannot
be 3D-printed ( anytime soon , at least ) , but it does hint at how much stuff is just sitting around . One sign of progress is that a new cabinet committee , chaired by Singh , will review large private
investment projects that have been held up by regulatory issues or other legal barriers . Breaking this logjam will be important , both in itself and for the message that it conveys to domestic and foreign
investors . Yes , the US economy has been on a weak recovery trajectory over the past three years . ( Unfortunately , the legislation will do nothing for the 47 million Americans who have no health insurance
at all . ) In their 2003 report , the Trustees of the US Social Security Administration Trust Funds estimate that maintaining the Social Security System 's solvency for the next 75 years will require an
amount whose present value is $ 3.5 trillion , nearly equal to today 's total US government debt ( $ 3.9 trillion ) . With China having established four new airbases in Tibet and three in its southern provinces
bordering India , the Indian Air Force is reportedly augmenting its own presence near the Chinese border by deploying two squadrons of Sukhoi-30MKI fighters . But slower GDP growth is actually good for
China , provided that it reflects the long-awaited structural transformation of the world s most dynamic economy ’ . Should we patrol remote African villages with groups of human rights activists ? Why should
information about how to help people be secret ? Second , public attitudes toward the social market system are remarkably similar in both Eastern and Western Europe . There is nothing modest about that achievement
, given Brazil s traditional institutional instability ’ and the series of major corruption scandals that engulfed Lula s government ’ in 2005 and 2006 . For this reason , the leaders should find a way
to meet soon and commit themselves to seeking genuine cooperation , as well as to building mechanisms that will enable them to reconcile their visions and interests with those of the others . Most notably
, Santos signed the Victims and Land Restitution Law in June 2011 , in the presence of United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon . The law provides reparation for the victims of human-rights violations
in the course of a 60-year conflict , as well as restitution of millions of hectares stolen from peasants . In the east , China , its growth model unsustainable , could be underwater by 2013 , as its investment
bust continues and reforms intended to boost consumption are too little too late . A new Chinese leadership must accelerate structural reforms to reduce national savings and increase consumption s share
’ of GDP ; but divisions within the leadership about the pace of reform , together with the likelihood of a bumpy political transition , suggest that reform will occur at a pace that simply is not fast
enough . Indeed , the EU continues to exist precisely because its members respect treaties . Take away respect for international law , and the EU would cease to exist – almost overnight . Diplomats view
these developments with alarm . Indeed , talks on the subject have taken place among ministers from the three countries . Precedents exist for this . NATO has been flexible since its inception . Nearly six
months later , the total damage remains difficult to estimate . China is especially keen on combating drug trafficking , as Badakhshan , the Afghan province bordering on Xinjiang , has become the main transit
route for Afghan opium . But preventing the spillover into Xinjiang of Taliban-inspired religious extremism remains a high priority as well . The Money Power never surrenders easily . Instead , excess liquidity
and fresh asset bubbles could emerge in the world s financial and housing markets ’ , impeding , if not torpedoing , growth . But , unfortunately , the most obvious way for banks to increase their capital
ratios is to curtail their lending . Hemoglobin contains hemes , chemical compounds that contain iron – a transition metal that can undergo oxidation , or “ rusting processes ” . Lhasa , a sleepy , rather
grubby backwater only 30 years ago , is now a city of huge public squares , shopping centers , and high-rise buildings , connected to the rest of China with a high-speed railway line . It is true that
Tibetans , sparsely represented in local government , may not have benefited as much as the Han Chinese , whose presence in cities , such as Lhasa , as soldiers , traders , and prostitutes is so overwhelming
that people worry about the extinction of Tibetan culture , except as an official tourist attraction . The majority is voting to keep rates unchanged . They may well be the wise ones . By contrast , the suicide
in 1939 of Stalin s wife ’ , Nadezhda Allilueva , underscored the reign of terror in the country . “ I don ’ t have children of my own , ” wrote one , “ but reading this makes my heart hurt . ” Where the
gap with the US is most stunning is found in something called " total factor productivity . " Trimming the deficit is now the government 's biggest challenge , yet it consistently fails even to make the
cuts promised in past budgets . Now , however , the specter of devaluation has disappeared from northern European countries . Even more fundamental arithmetic lies at the core of the debt quandary . That
means that a 30-year Treasury bond had jumped in price by more than 15 % . A second scenario is that the US remains Asia s principal security anchor ’ , with or without a third possibility : the emergence
of a constellation of Asian states with common interests working together to ensure that Asia is not unipolar . Finally , Asia could come to be characterized by several resurgent powers , including Japan
, India , Vietnam , Indonesia , and a reunified Korea . Doing what has to be done to ensure sustainable water supplies - controlling pollution , encouraging conservation , regulating and charging where
necessary - is politically tough . It must be raised again this summer if the United States government is to continue paying its bills on time . But now America ’ s debt ceiling has become the subject of
intense political posturing and touch-and-go negotiations behind closed doors . According to a law that dates back to the French Revolution , and reconfirmed in 1978 , French government officials are forbidden
to collect information about a citizen s ethnic or racial origins ’ , whether real or alleged , when conducting a census or other efforts to gathering statistical information on the population . Irrevocably
fixing the exchange rate was at best a gamble , at worst a blunder . If this trend continues , Sri Lanka will become doomed to repeat its tragic history . Some experts , such as former ECB President Jean-Claude
Trichet , argue that fiscal consolidation would be expansionary . There may sometimes be a downside in trying to woo your opponents . This warm welcome contrasts with Iraqi distrust of the political exiles
who returned on the coattails of the American overthrow of Saddam Hussein s regime ’ in 2003 . Their hidden or even visible anguish is worthless , a cipher s despair ’ . He is rightly scared by the democratic
opposition , which he is emasculating by all reasonably soft means . Most people are surprised to learn that rigorous application of formal rules of evidence to evaluate medical research and decide on the
best treatments is a recent phenomenon . They might be just as surprised to learn that health policy is not yet subject to the same approach . It ’ s my right to have information , whether it ’ s about
train schedules , movie stars , or the activities of the politicians who make decisions that affect my life . ” Yesterday China was an anti-capitalist lodestar for utopian revolutionaries ; today it has
become an ultra-liberal nemesis for a new generation of utopian reactionaries – the defenders of the status quo in Europe . The student demonstrators in the streets of Paris recently don ’ t want to become
like Chinese and Indians ; they reject the logic of globalization and refuse to surrender hard-won social guarantees . But 17 of the G-20 s members ’ introduced protectionist measures just months after
the first summit in November 2008 . Ever since Deng Xiaoping ushered in the reform and opening era “ ” in 1978 , the Chinese leadership has seen the legal system as an instrument to carry out state policies
. Ghana is best known for producing cocoa and gold , but today Affiliated Computer Services ( ACS ) , a Texas company that runs the outsourcing operation , is the country 's largest private employer . African
" key punchers " earn $ 4 to $ 5 a day - four times the legal minimum wage - and receive health insurance , meals , and subsidized transport . In that case , it makes little sense to hold Spanish debt ,
either , which is also mostly external . Spain s financial exposure ’ to Portugal and its housing-led recession don ’ t help matters . Today , as yesterday , the first step towards Serbia s European integration
’ is full cooperation with the ICTY . Here , America is the key . Likewise , long-standing tensions between Bahrain s ruling Sunni minority and Shia majority ’ have worsened since the country ’ s Shia-led
pro-democracy movement was crushed in 2011 . In contrast to the emergence of the West in the nineteenth century , which proved such an economic disaster for most of Asia , the continent s re-emergence ’
can have an immensely positive effect on the twenty-first century s global economy ’ , including , needless to say , the West . In the case of Japan ’ s official response to the earthquake and tsunami-related
disasters , however , cultural exoticism is not an adequate explanation . The first stakeholder is Gbagbo , who sought to break away from French neo-colonial dominance . He had the support of Ivorians who
aspired to install genuine Ivorian patriots in place of the French-backed elite . If we act together and pull in the same direction , we all will win . The rhetoric of xenophobic demagogues appears to have
convinced him that he had to kill the children of the social-democratic elites in order to protect Western civilization against the dangers of multiculturalism and Islam . At one level , the anniversary
was a happy one . Failure to grow can be attributed to either ( or both ) of two pathologies . Call one the " protection " pathology , in which governments stymie progress by reducing access to foreign
investment and technology . Apart from the accounting trick implicit in Scandinavia s success ’ , the high share of government in employment may also make a real contribution to solving one of the most
fundamental problems western economies now face . In practice , however , such tycoon politicians have their own interests and gratifications to pursue . Obama plunged into Mexico s drug war ’ at the outset
of his administration , and now faces perils that are barely touched upon in Washington , except in cables originating in Mexico . Regarding the execution of Arturo Beltran Leyva , a leading drug kingpin
, late last year , US Ambassador Carlos Pascual wrote that the refusal “ ” by SEDENA ( the national defense secretariat ) “ to move quickly reflected a risk-aversion that cost the institution a major counter-narcotics
victory . ” Recent German statements have pushed key European countries decisively closer to that point . Empirical research also confirms the positive impact of EU structural funds on growth . Yet a common
deposit-insurance system had , at least so far , not even been under discussion , because the issue was not perceived as a live problem . But America will pay dearly for launching a war against global public
opinion . In effect , the European Union and the ECB are now being forced to return with overly generous support to the weak countries – including buying up all their debt , if necessary . This group will
unite with forces of democratization both at home and abroad to establish a truly democratic system . FLORENCE – The news that China has overtaken Japan as the world s second largest economy ’ did not come
as a surprise . However , the fate of Bush s friend ’ , British Prime Minister Tony Blair , shows that lame-duck status can occur even without a constitutional term limit – indeed , without a written constitution
at all . Blair made the fatal mistake of setting his own limit to his tenure of office by saying that he would not contest a fourth election as leader of the Labour Party . I like their country too much
for that . The debate over the failure of international aid to produce development , together with the current financial crisis , have added weight to arguments against development assistance . Finally ,
political Islam is common to all of the region ’ s conflicts , and should not be viewed – as it often is – in isolation from these countries economic woes ’ . And there is a consensus that the EU s stability
and prosperity ’ requires completion of the single market and obligatory structural reforms for all 27 members . A proposed banking union would help to separate the commercial banks creditworthiness ’
from that of their government . This view no doubt reflected a casual empiricism based on the mom-and-pop shops and small post offices that English dons saw when going outside their Oxbridge colleges .
But it was clearly at odds with the massive technical changes sweeping across the retail sector , and eventually the communications industry , which soon produced Fedex , faxes , mobile phones , and the
Internet . That China receives so much capital from expatriates is a global source of envy . Indian officials bemoan the fact that overseas Indians lack both the wealth and the propensity to invest back
home . Nor was there much evidence of personal enrichment or widespread corruption . Melting polar ice will cause rising seas to inundate low-lying fertile delta regions on which hundreds of millions of
people grow their food . Although active participation in global production networks has brought significant benefits , it may have locked China into the lower end of the value chain , reducing its scope
for future progress . Hence Argentine interest rates can be low and affordable only for rare , short periods . This , in turn , reflects global economic and population growth , with resulting shortages of
critical resources fuel – , food , and clean air and water . After all , both are large , continental , and diverse economies . Moreover , since exports are exempt from VAT , the price of domestic exports
will fall . The desired competitiveness effects of exchange-rate devaluation can thus be had while staying in the euro . They elected a party which called for “ reform and change ” in response to a decade
of violence and lawlessness . These are the real reasons we care about global warming . The rest are Shia . As a result , Glimcher is skeptical of prevailing economic theory , and is seeking a physical basis
for it in the brain . He wants to transform “ soft utility theory ” into “ hard utility theory ” by discovering the brain mechanisms that underlie it . Why are the Wahhabi clerics , the main opponents of
reform and progress , continually indulged as the Kingdom s de facto co-rulers ’ ? This is why the opposition between so-called realists and idealists “ ” “ ” in foreign policy , and between proponents
of “ hard and soft power ” “ ” , is proving to be a thing of the past . To be sure , states are still following traditional interest-oriented policies . China is by far the largest emerging-market economy
, with 1.6 million households that can be called “ rich ( ” defined as having annual disposable income of more than $ 150,000 ) . But this is still smaller than Japan ’ s 4.6 million and a fraction of
the 19.2 million rich households in the United States . The financial system rapidly returned to health . It is to be hoped that many more major European corporations will follow suit . The other parties
made it easier for him by discrediting each other , failing even to defend their own achievements over the previous 20 years . Two other factors that made Morales s rise ’ possible were the revival of
Bolivia s oil industry ’ and the creation of mechanisms for distributing the income that oil produces . Argentine producers could sell goods to Brazil even when they could not sell them elsewhere . In the
years after World War II , this humanist ideal became the basis of Europe s spiritual and political identity and ’ hence it is contained in the founding documents of the European Union . This is the least
likely scenario , owing to deepening internal Party disagreements and rising popular discontent . By seeking to cling to power by hook or by crook , Yanukovich is likely to bring on the deluge . In Ukraine
that means not only violent unrest , but economic decline and renewed repression . Europeans subdued Amerindian populations and also brought in massive numbers of slaves from Africa , especially to the
Caribbean basin and Brazil . Most worrisome of all , he is close to the two main groups that represent the most extreme elements in Iran : the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps and the Basij organization
. The first is a parallel pro-regime army ; the second is an organization for intimidating opponents and anyone seeking a more open society . Directors lacked that power in the early 1980 s ’ , when a wave
of such hostile takeovers took place ; but by the end of the decade , directors had the rules changed in their favor , to allow them to reject offers for nearly any reason . Many influential experts simply
inverted the economic determinism that characterized the most primitive Marxists , and assumed that at some point European-style politics would develop spontaneously in Russia as a result of the implementation
of free-market ideas . They have three years to do so , before CITES next meets in Thailand . Alternatively , leaders can listen to their critics and adopt a balanced , two-handed approach that applies both
supply-side reforms and supportive demand-side measures to the challenge of ending Europe s malaise ’ . But studies tend to show that the majority of income transfers by government occur within the middle
class , while only a relatively small proportion are from rich to poor . AMSTERDAM – Whatever happened to the good Europeans , those nice folks in small northern countries who liked to think of themselves
as the world champions of liberty and tolerance ? In her last speech in Parliament as Prime Minister , she attacked the ECB as an institution accountable “ to no one , ” and drew attention to the political
implications of centralizing monetary policy , accurately forecasting the dangers of a democratic deficit “ , ” which now worries many in Europe , and not just in Cyprus or Portugal . Non-Western political
systems are typically archaic : good rulers can sleep soundly at night , while bad rulers face continual danger of overthrow from the army or the streets . Moreover , he would not even be able to veto hostile
legislation , because he would be the first president in Mexico s modern history ’ not to have the one-third of seats in at least one chamber of the legislature necessary to sustain a presidential veto
. On perception , it fares much worse than Slovakia , the Czech Republic , Hungary , and Greece , while it fares better – or at least not worse – on indicators of actual corruption . For example , the percentage
of respondents admitting to paying bribes in 2006 was 5 % in Poland and 17 % in the Czech Republic and Greece . First , Hezbollah has the support of most Lebanese Shia , who make up roughly 40 % of the
population . This advice applies to the long-stalled Israel-Palestine peace process , newly revived by US Secretary of State John Kerry . They are denied rehabilitation and recreational activities . Many
spend their days lying in bed , where they develop major health problems including bedsores , muscle atrophy , spinal deformities , and breathing disorders . Is such a place the right venue for a Western
orchestra ? They will probably boycott the constitutional referendum and all subsequent elections , just as they have boycotted the previous elections . That is precisely the problem . Securities laws require
that issuers of corporate bonds spell out all possible risks . The macro-story is simple , but dramatic . So once again Russians must face how ineffective their military is . Indeed , none of Russia 's power
structures , including the military , the FSB , and the MVD , are capable of performing effective anti-terrorist operations . In other words , countries complying with the Pact would now pay the bill for
the lack of fiscal discipline in France and Germany . But right now , in the Silicon Valley that almost every country envies , TechCrunch reports that Google just paid an engineer $ 3.5 million in restricted
stock to keep him from defecting to Facebook . Between 1993 and 1996 , Annan was Assistant Secretary-General for UN Peacekeeping Operations and then Under-Secretary-General . The new multilateralism must
maximize the strengths of interdependent and overlapping actors and institutions , public and private . The Rapaport Group , an international network of companies providing services to the diamond industry
, refuses to list Marange diamonds on its diamond-trading platform , RapNet . One piece of bubble wisdom that has escaped relatively unscathed , however , is the assumption that the BRIC countries Brazil
“ ” – , Russia , India , and China – will increasingly call the economic tune in years to come . Israel ’ s Dangerous Political System Given Japan ’ s aging population , there is a natural increase in the
social security budget of ¥ 1 trillion per year . None too soon . These traders confidently figure that as long as markets gyrate , no matter what the direction , they can always make money . Nowadays , the
mantra of President Umar Yar Adua ’ , who took power in June 2007 , following controversial elections , is to transform the country into one of the world s 20 largest economies ’ by 2020 . Yar Adua ’ and
his Peoples Democratic Party ( PDP ) are struggling to stamp their authority on an unwieldy and restive country of 140 million people , and the government views rapid growth as a means to achieving that
aim . If you assume that governing is like campaigning – that you have to be on top of the debate 24 hours a day , seven days a week – can you really anticipate a long shelf life ? Is it too late to do anything
about a culture that so deadens the spirit ? Tocqueville despised the elites of his time for their complacency in the face of the deracinating force of mass democracy . And , despite Turkey s fast-growing
population ’ , per capita GDP has tripled since 2002 , reaching $ 10,500 in 2010 . This was always bad history . India s Unique Identification Number project ’ , under the capable stewardship of information-technology
pioneer Nandan Nilekani , will enable access to government , banking , and insurance services at the grass-roots level . We must beware of overly business-guided approaches to public service . At certain
times and in certain countries , services that need not be public had to be privatized and run along business lines in order to make them run better--or to keep them running at all . This month , the new
mayors took office without the electoral commission ( CSE ) having made public 100 % of the votes , an open violation of Nicaraguan electoral law . First , these women tend to be awash in debt . But corruption
poses the single largest obstacle to growth and development in many countries , especially as it diverts resources from the poor . The World Bank insisted that corruption be seen as a cancer , and that
fighting it be made synonymous with fighting poverty . Each new US weapons system “ sold or given ” to the region increases the chances of expanded war and further military coups , and to the chance that
the arms will be turned on the US itself . None of it helps to address the underlying problems of poverty , child mortality , water scarcity , and lack of livelihoods in places like Pakistan s Northwest
Frontier Province ’ , Sudan s Darfur region ’ , or Somalia . Apparently , he believes that the chance of killing an important terrorist leader is sufficient justification for firing a missile that will
almost certainly kill innocent human beings . Imagine that the world s trade ministers ’ simply walk away from their forthcoming Hong Kong meeting of the World Trade Organization ( WTO ) with this simple
declaration : “ We failed to reach an agreement ; we ’ ll try to do better next time . ” This would bring the so-called Doha Development Round “ ” to an unsuccessful conclusion , but it would be no disaster
. This would lower the marginal productivity of hours worked sufficiently to offset the positive effects of increasing the number of hours per worker . They assured us that it was too late to stop the famines
that would kill hundreds of millions in the Indian subcontinent , and that humanity 's destiny in the 21st century was one of war and struggle for the resources to feed national populations an extra crust
of bread . Social security expenditures will face a shortfall of ¥ 6 trillion this year . When politicians try to fight the iron laws of economics , they lose . I asked all of them the same question : When
will we have a binding framework for cross-border resolution ? Israel is bound to fight against this emerging new American doctrine that equates it with Iran , or even with India and Pakistan for that matter
. PALO ALTO -- Last fall , the United Kingdom issued a major government report on global climate change directed by Sir Nicholas Stern , a top-flight economist . First , what happens if politics does not
trump economics , and Obama s policies ’ don ’ t start to produce a recovery ? That is when the old political calculus may take its grim toll . With the Copenhagen climate summit only weeks away , forging
a commitment on climate change is the most pressing challenge . In the end , I think Bezos wants less to own the Post than to set it free , for at least a generation or two . Those captured face beheading
in the traditional way . But this is as unlikely as it is that Europe will figure out that austerity alone will not solve its problems . On the contrary , austerity will only exacerbate the economic slowdown
. The talks mark the continuation of the Corfu Process “ , ” anchored in the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe , which began with an informal ministerial meeting on Corfu in June . If ,
by contrast , he leaves the presidency , gets himself appointed prime minister , and overhauls the constitution to shift powers from the former to the latter , we will know that he is going for a personal
regime after all . One-third of employers never interact with education providers , while only 15 % do so once a month or more . Both sides would benefit from building strong reciprocal ties , with employers
telling educators what they need ( and even helping to design curricula and offering their employees as faculty ) and educators providing students with practical experience and hands-on learning . Prime
Minister Barak will also have to be a healer : he will have to heal the wounds between Jews and Arabs , and between Jews and Jews . It will invariably recycle retired and failed politicians and be a way
station for vast patronage . In only one sense does the US actually pursue a strong dollar policy “ ” : the Federal Reserve s monetary policy ’ is designed to keep inflation low . Our statistical analysis
of the entry and exit patterns of entrepreneurs in the Brazilian ethanol industry shows that the more efficient acquired the less efficient . Most underperforming ethanol companies went bankrupt or were
taken over by entrepreneurs who had successful track records in running efficient operations . There have been many proposals , but all share two features . This effort was so successful that Hezbollah now
has two ministers in the government . The new doctrine is called “ macro-prudential regulation . ” That tendency remains dominant . With the Czech Republic set to assume the presidency of the EU on January
1 , 2009 , there is a distinct fear that Klaus will use his position as Czech head of state to try to sabotage efforts to rescue the Lisbon Treaty . So , rather than talking about the US debt ceiling ,
let us think instead about all of the things that the debt-ceiling impasse has prevented the US government from doing during the past six months – all of the useful policies that might have been debated
and enacted , but were not . So , while Russia s modernization and democratization are ’ in Europe s interest ’ , its return to an imperial foreign policy and barely veiled authoritarianism at home is not
. Most Russians look westward . Another instance in which international justice has had a positive effect is in Chad . In February 2000 , at the request of victims , Senegal indicted and arrested Chad 's
former dictator Hissene Habre , who had taken refuge there . But Gen. Stefan Gruse , the army chief of staff who commanded the troops in Timisoara ? Non-libertarians recognize the fatal flaw in this argument
: financial blow-ups entail what economists call a systemic risk “ ” – everyone pays a price . Now consider that mean wealth doubled in Redmond , Washington , as a result of Bill Gates success ’ . The 8th
of May always brings back memories of 1945 , because for me the end of the war in Europe really was a zero hour . As the deadline approaches , development experts are debating a new question : What comes
next ? Tony Blair ’ s Labor government is implementing a plan that , beginning in April , will establish a personal Child Trust Fund of £ 250 to £ 500 for every newborn . With more income at their disposal
, people begin to consume more of their food basket in the form of animal products . Producing these animal products requires significantly more agricultural resources than a predominantly plant-based
diet . A single currency also means a common exchange rate relative to other currencies , which , for any country within the euro zone , precludes a natural market response to a chronic trade deficit . Although
individual foreign investors can sell the dollar securities that they own , they can only sell them to other foreign investors . Others are congenitally distrustful . Pakistan these days is a troubled country
, politically as well as economically . For years , this has stymied progress in the United States towards a low-carbon economy . They can neither remain in the country indefinitely , nor can they just leave
. The end game – for both Israel and Hamas – is thus crucially important . They do not like the burqa either , but they don ’ t believe that legislation is the best way to fight it . So the last thing that
officials at any level want to do is jeopardize international trade . ZAGREB : Barely two months after Franjo Tudjman 's death , Croatia is a different country . According to European Commission spokeswoman
Amelia Torres , the latest efforts at antitrust enforcement can be seen as complementing pending derivatives regulation . Back then , the Communist Party was still powerful , and maintained close ties with
the Soviet Union . The prospect that the Party could come to power in an electoral alliance with the Socialists struck fear in opponents . Some say that , just as Egypt s war ’ of attrition eventually gave
way to a full-scale war and then a peace treaty , Europe needs a major crisis to move forward . But this is a dangerous notion , one that entails not just massive risks , but also unacceptably high interim
human costs . I had not known , he thought , that “ The population is totally hostile … ” Indeed , in the eyes of the Viet Cong , “ the Viet Cong are the people . ” Thus , the main reason for not fighting
the war in the first place , namely the perfectly obvious hatred of the majority of the population for the American invasion and occupation , became a justification for the war . Notice the hundred-fold
divergence across political jurisdictions in relative levels of economic productivity and prosperity ? Studies seemed to show that the computer revolution had contributed little to improvements in productivity
. BEIJING – Since the eruption of the global financial crisis in 2008 , China has used massive economic stimulus to sustain GDP growth . Beyond these , of course , is the possibility of switching off altogether
and leaving politics to the professionals so as to concentrate on other dimensions of life . The US is no longer alone . America no longer qualifies , if it ever did , as a hyper power “ , ” to use former
French foreign minister Hubert Vedrine s term ’ , though it is still far from being a normal power “ ” . But , prominent professors at Korean universities tell me that the unprecedented success of the Korean
team in the current World Cup competition is causing a turning point in Korean attitudes towards their own society and economy . The rise of non-state actors also must be managed . But the latest news is
the strongest indication yet that the 50-year hunt for one of the most fundamental bits of matter might well be coming to a successful conclusion . The next time the CERN teams call a press conference
, it could be weighty news indeed . Another Asian Wake-Up Call Instead , the architects of post-war European democracy opted for as many checks and balances as possible – and , paradoxically , for empowering
unelected institutions to strengthen liberal democracy as a whole . Armed with banners and placards and a permit to demonstrate , street protesters , having learned that their homes were to be razed for
redevelopment , agitated for and eventually secured substantially more compensation than the local government initially offered . America is and always will be a Pacific nation . Even so , the violence ,
driven by impoverished northern youth , first targeted the region ’ s own idle and self-serving rich before degenerating into tit-for-tat attacks between northern Muslims and their Christian counterparts
. While Iran promotes the Shia religious parties in Iraq , Syria s interests ’ there tilt toward secular nationalism , as represented by former prime minister Ayad Allawi s coalition ’ , which actually
defeated Maliki in the parliamentary elections held earlier this year . Indeed , Syria has supported Allawi for the past seven years . If the top leadership in Teheran has realized that it makes a great
deal more sense , and is more in keeping with Iran s interests ’ , to consolidate the successes of its foreign policy in the last few years , and to strengthen the regime , rather than risk everything
in a military showdown with unforeseeable consequences , then there is a real chance for a diplomatic solution . If not , the region will be plunged into a hot confrontation . So wherever globalization
and full commercialization reign supreme , there is an unmistakable concentration of quality and success . Yet three centuries ago there was also technological progress , from the mechanical clock and the
watermill to the cannon and the caravel , and on to strains of rice that can be cropped three times a year in Guangzhou and the breeding of merino sheep that can flourish in the hills of Spain . This new
agency already has immense potential . If Somaliland ’ s imminent multi-party elections are reasonably fair and open , the outside world , including the AU and the United Nations , will need to reconsider
its status , which has been fudged since the collapse of Siad Barre s regime ’ in 1991 . And many people ’ s thinking is not terribly coherent . Basic principles should be established during 2008 , and by
2009 , the world community , including the two largest emitters of carbon dioxide , the US and China , should be ready to make a serious deal , which should be concluded by 2010 and ratified in time to
replace the Kyoto Protocol . The communist Knight , the new caballero de la triste figura “ , ” a kind of enlightened idiot , blinded by his loyalty to the unreal and by his harsh political correctness
, considers Lenin a new Moses . He rides the Rosinante of the Proletarian Force , falls in love with the dead Rosa Luxemburg in her role as Comrade Dulcinea and has intercourse with a locomotive . But Spanish
exports recovered more quickly than British exports , and inflationary pressure via the exchange rate is now a major constraint on future British monetary policy . It pursues three goals : accession to
the Council of Europe , membership in NATO 's Partnership for Peace , and a Stabilisation and Association Agreement with the European Union . Third , trade reforms can help smooth international macroeconomic
fluctuations and contribute to an orderly resolution of global imbalances . As it takes 7 8 hours – for a human body to burn , we had a braaivleis on the side , drinking beer and eating meat . ” How low
men can sink in our inhumanity ! Moreover , a recession or a slowdown in the US and Europe would hit Brazilian exports , narrowing Brazil s trade surplus considerably ’ . In fact , although America ’ s
trade significance has diminished , accounting for only 16 % of Brazilian exports last year , Brazilian trade and growth typically go hand in hand with the US and Europe ; historically they have never
decoupled . Nevertheless , the popular hunger for sporting success , and the celebratory outpouring that it evokes , is bound to provoke some disquiet . They offered to talk about a political compromise
that would bring some new people into the Parliament , provided real " radicals , " like Jacek Kuron or myself , were kept out . But for us the legalization of Solidarity and its right to choose its own
representatives were nonnegotiable demands - and Lech Walesa held firm on this until the Communists relented . Ironically , however , rather than undermining the predominant international role of the US
dollar , the end of Bretton Woods actually boosted its use around the world . But the political struggle needs to be conducted along new battle lines . But the people of Chechnya must be brought in as soon
as possible to participate in their government : I think some sort of parliamentary system would be the best , so that various clans would have to work with each other to form coalitions , rather than
excluding each other , as they did under the presidential regime of the last few years . Moreover , it is undeniable that such a tax would raise a great deal of money . More than two decades of democratic
rule and economic growth practically ensure that , simply by staying the course , the country will achieve lower-tier developed status by 2020 . After all , such solidarity is what allowed Europe to prosper
and integrate over the past 50 years . This is not a dignified way to act . The big question is : can this situation be reversed ? I wondered what people were really thinking , apart from what could be read
in the newspapers . It is almost tempting to think that America ’ s great Cold War opponent , the Soviet Union , with its sudden disappearance 15 years ago this month , left its own Trojan horse for America
– the poisoned gift of unilateralism . Hence , the import of Chinese labor into a continent not lacking in able-bodied workers . Political divisions have widened between the rich and poor , among ethnic
groups ( non-Hispanic whites versus African Americans and Hispanics ) , across religious affiliations , between native-born and immigrants , and along other social fault lines . Third , the euro area needs
fiscal co-insurance . It needs a mechanism for temporary transfers to countries that have put their public finances in order but are hit by adverse shocks . Indeed , the invasion of Iraq also hurt Turkey
, both economically and by strengthening the base for the Kurdish terrorist PKK organization operating from northern Iraq . Yet Western policy towards Belarus must be carefully modulated , and it should
emphasize Europe s soft power ’ – the attractiveness of its social model to an increasing number of Belarusians . Nor did the Court s decision ’ address the borders of an independent Kosovo , or whether
and under what circumstances force could legally be used either to impose independence or to resist it . They can also , it adds , obtain unsecured bank loans for themselves and their friends . Determined
to carry on as they always have , no matter what , the governors turn a deaf ear to the IMF and resist instituting fiscal reforms . BERKELEY – It is hard right now to write about American political economy
. There may yet be a soft landing , whether slow or fast : during the last major dollar cycle , between 1985 and 1987 , the dollar fell by 40 % without ever causing panic , major bankruptcies , or a demand
by investors for a substantial dollar risk premium to compensate them for holding assets denominated in a declining currency . Initially , his ambitious plans to make Malaysia an economic model for developing
nations exposed him to both ridicule and admiration . President Barack Obama has the authority to take some small steps on his own to normalize ties , but substantial change to US policy requires Congress
to act – and Congress wants to see fundamental change in Cuba before it does so . Yet , despite high unemployment across much of the continent , too many employers lack the workers they need . Growth in
global demand for food and feed commodities is still a major part of the story , as are biofuels . Rather the key to success will be to make rural immigrants to Chinese cities equal citizens in terms of
opportunities and public services . Both groups comprise scholars from numerous fields , state intellectuals serving in government think tanks , journalists and even some dissidents . Liberals are known
to favor more thorough economic and political reforms , such as democratization at the grassroots level and a free press . During a Nigerian mini-bid round in 2006 , ONGC-Mittal was offered the right of
first refusal for three blocks . This fear is real . I speak with some authority on this subject . Despite the economic crisis , Aid for Trade donor contributions to help the less fortunate have risen 10
% per year since 2005 , and major donors are on track to meet or exceed their pledges for future funds . Several major countries have agreed to increase their contributions this year to building infrastructure
, productive capacity , and know-how in the developing world . So if the Union wants to get closer to citizens it must undertake a galvanizing initiative : the writing of the Union 's principal law . ROME
/ STOCKHOLM – The ongoing global economic crisis is shaking beliefs and approaches that have long been enshrined in European policies . Indeed , the crisis is calling into question the very foundations
of the European Union . It thus leads to a carbon Gini coefficient of 0 . The Regional Route to Global Free Trade Moreover , the desire to live in a modern liberal democracy does not translate necessarily
into an ability to actually do so . The Bush administration seems to have assumed in its approach to post-Saddam Iraq that both democracy and a market economy were default conditions to which societies
would revert once oppressive tyranny was removed , rather than a series of complex , interdependent institutions that had to be painstakingly built over time . In the eyes of Western ( including Japanese
) political leaders , it has never amounted to more than a small , fringe country whose economic failings made it appear to be poised perpetually on the edge of self-destruction . Latin Americans might
even ask — do the candidates really care about us ? After all , U.S. corn-based ethanol production is creating havoc on food prices and no one in the presidential race seems upset . Although direct legal
obstacles have been eliminated in Europe , indirect obstacles such as taxation – which can make a merger unprofitable persist – . Counter-cyclical policy can moderate these negative effects , but it cannot
undo the damage or accelerate the recovery beyond fairly strict limits . This fundamental problem has now manifested itself in these countries unsustainable debt dynamics ’ . Provocateurs , too , need to
be photographed and logged , which is why it is important not to cover one s ’ face while protesting . The promotion of Yellen and Flug is a good start ; now the doors of these fusty male-dominated clubs
must be flung wide open . Some of the prices that increased were those of commodities that Brazil exports . Even an alternative Asian growth model “ ” – if there really is one – has not prevented a rise
in inequality in China , India , and elsewhere . Unlike United States Federal Reserve chairman Ben Bernanke , most emerging-market central bankers are in no position to extend blank checks across their
economies without a boomerang effect on interest rates and exchange rates . Optimists are confident that this time is different . Investors ’ subsequent efforts to price in the risk of a eurozone breakup
– not the volume of sovereign debt – caused bond yields to spike . In that case , the benefits would wane in importance as new competitors entered the banking fray . In the IEA s optimistic scenario ’ ,
which assumes that the world s governments ’ will fulfill all of their green promises , wind will provide 1.34 % of global energy by 2035 , while solar will provide 0.42 % . Poland , which is not yet part
of the eurozone , sees no alternative to the EU . So the fate of Belgium should interest all Europeans , especially those who wish the Union well . This has all come crashing down . Today , the major beneficiaries
“ ” – in fact , victims – of dollar doubts are economies that are much smaller than Japan or Germany . This is especially true at times where the price of oil has fallen below $ 40 per barrel . Across the
region , anti-Chinese communal violence was widespread . An economic bonus of such an effort for the entire region would come from the opening of direct flights and sea transport across the Taiwan Strait
. Of course , there are obvious governance problems with the eurozone . Most glaringly , the question of how to allocate the costs of some member countries ’ unsustainable debt overhang has not been adequately
addressed . What we need now is a primer on the major misconceptions in the hope that , unlike Gresham s Law ’ , which says that bad money drives out good money , good economics will drive out bad economics
. Rather , justice had to be applied according to the specific political conditions that brought about the transition . After all , transitional justice is essentially a political solution , a historic
contract of national reconciliation – not a strictly judicial matter . Having gained time , EU governments , the European Commission , and the European Central Bank have now turned their attention to improving
future governance . A similar reluctance will dominate the rest of the immediate institutional agenda . At the same time , the atmosphere among Palestinians and their attitude towards Israel must be improved
, so that we can have a political environment that supports negotiations . Improving the daily conditions of life , particularly increasing Palestinians freedom ’ of travel both between Gaza and the West
Bank and within the West Bank , will also go a long way in helping to create a positive atmosphere . For us , the European Union was a dream . So Serbs now ask why no Albanian guerilla is on trial . Shell
and BP are being expelled from the oil industry at the very moment that Russian oil production is declining dramatically . His embittered attempts to counter American power are equally short-sighted :
helping Iran develop its nuclear program and selling high-tech weapons to China are hardly in Russia s long-term strategic interest ’ . Indeed , hardly anything interesting about home prices was ever reported
at all , aside from an occasional comment in an article about something else . The reality is that the US has known for weeks that it cannot save Saleh s regime ’ . So three things are needed : governments
must ( 1 ) cut their deficits gradually in a believable way , ( 2 ) keep enough spending going to compensate for increased saving in the private sector , and ( 3 ) press on with bank regulation . Many of
these Pioneers and Rangers are corporate officials who are well situated to raise funds from their business associates , bundle them together and pass them along with tracking numbers to ensure proper
" credit " to each individual donor of $ 2,000 . Recovery will also require re-establishing at least a small-scale manufacturing sector . After appropriate cleaning ( checking for missing data , correcting
coding errors ) , and anonymizing , the data would be available for access and querying . In the Nordic countries , by contrast , the poorest 20 % of households receive nearly 10 % of total income , putting
them at roughly one-half of the national average . Why did CBS refuse to release information of vital concern to the public ? The world market is being re-divided – peacefully , because territories and markets
are separated , so that no power occupies another power s territory ’ . At the start of the 1990 's , following communism 's fall , the common experiences and the shared legacy of Czechoslovakia , Hungary
, and Poland were behind the idea of creating the so-called " Visegrad Group , " with the aim of coordinating the three countries ' efforts to join the EU and NATO . So what can be done in practical terms
when division leads to stalemate ? If you are ashamed , you do not expose yourself to punishment , nor do you extend your hand in a gesture of repair . Because who else will pay for cleaning up Turkey 's
banks ? The policies adopted or discussed by American policymakers and scholars nowadays – quantitative easing , fiscal-stimulus packages , government-deficit reduction seek – to cure only the symptoms
of a deeper malaise . But central banks today are influencing asset prices through a very large number of channels and procedures other than conventional open-market operations : they are trying to affect
not just duration discounts but risk , default , and information-driven discounts as well . And guess which country leads the opposition to any significant opening up of European agriculture . Putin s ambition
’ to stay in power as prime minister is also rooted in this rebalancing act . The Paris meeting affords the ECB an opportunity to make a political statement – its “ Declaration of Independence , ” so to
speak – by raising interest rates on French soil . Trichet already has cleared the way for this to happen . India and the US are natural partners in meeting this challenge , with innovative scientists and
venture capitalists who can take technology breakthroughs from the lab to the market , and NGOs with vast grassroots conservation and public advocacy experience . Now consider the two regional engines ,
Japan and China . Europe continues to be a mixed picture , with the European Central Bank almost perversely raising interest rates even as Europe s economy ’ needs further stimulation to ensure its recovery
. In Britain , too , immigrants have been changing the ethnic profile of the middle and professional classes . Increasingly educated and financially successful , Pakistani Britons are also actively engaged
in political life , with more than 200 representing the main political parties in local councils . This dealers peace “ ’ ” can be explained by the Mexican government s policy ’ of tolerance , which sought
a degree of equilibrium between the drug cartels and the state in terms of trafficking routes and the territories that the cartels infiltrated . His non-KGB , non-military background suggests that his conception
of the rule of law may not be entirely shaped by a cynical love of power . With these in hand , company bosses could ensure that they were well paid without doing anything to benefit their company 's bottom
line . A small amount of additional scientific expertise and lab equipment would need to be added to a public health system that serves ordinary needs . Almost 60 % of all Arabs are younger than 20 , with
roughly 70 % below the age of 30 . Specifically , we are told , the goal should be a 50 % reduction in global carbon-dioxide emissions by the middle of the century . This is mostly a matter of engineering
, not politics . The recent moves by the ECB , the Fed , and the BoJ look like concerted action . Sadly , just the opposite is true . At a certain moment in this process , a scientific revolution is born
. Adult literacy rates in South Asia match the global norm . Flug was finally offered the top job only in the absence of a male rival , though she was already occupying the position temporarily while the
board searched for Stanley Fischer s successor ’ . But too much coordination can be a bad thing . Above all , the success of any comprehensive effort to improve drug safety hinges upon establishing an independent
office of drug safety to advocate , coordinate , and provide direction to the regulatory agenda . Saudi Arabia is deeply hostile to Geneva II , because formal diplomatic talks with the Assad regime imply
de facto recognition that it retains legitimacy . For the Saudis , the only acceptable solution starts with the resignation of Assad and his government , while Geneva II envisages a transitional government
in which all of the parties are represented . It had to point to other acts , including concealment efforts , which violate the NPT , and argue that these infractions were so serious that Iran s enrichment
right ’ must be taken away . For example , labor-force participation , which usually stops falling and starts rising after the business-cycle trough , has been steadily declining over the past two and a
half years . Hindu religious law , for example , allows a woman to claim an equal share in her parents wealth ’ , but few exercise this right . They can make the world less hospitable for corrupt dictators
– for example , by greater sharing of financial information and by not recognizing the international contracts that they sign . Similarly , increasing the number of poor-country workers allowed to work
in rich countries , and providing greater scope for growth-oriented policies by relaxing WTO rules and conditionality from the US , would produce greater long-term development impact . How much inflation
a society finds desirable or tolerable ( taking into account other important variables , such as employment , GDP growth , or poverty ) is an inherently political question that should be debated in parliament
. But the Republican Party has moved far to the right of Obama s moderate liberalism ’ , and Romney has been pulled along with it . On top of this , José Alencar , Brazil ’ s vice-president , and Venezuelan
President Hugo Chávez have reintroduced the nuclear question with statements that seem to point beyond legitimate peaceful use of nuclear energy . Alencar has suggested that Brazil should advance “ ” in
the development of nuclear weapons , while Chávez has strengthened his alliance with Iran on this front . The beginnings of Christian ecumenicism under his predecessors did not advance much in his 25 years
. The French study compared all patients who took growth hormone to the general population . But the two groups are not at all comparable : kids who receive the drug are far from normal . Our evidence suggests
that bastards brains ’ work differently . Their character traits are similar to those of sociopaths . He is married to the sister of Tariq al-Fadhli , a Yemeni who fought alongside al-Qaeda leader Osama
bin Ladin in Afghanistan . In the Putin regime , economic power has been concentrated in the hands of two groups : those who acquired property and those who take a slice of cash flows . A coalition of European
civil-society organizations opposes Zimbabwean government participation on human rights grounds . Some historical processes , however quickly launched , will eventually falter . In these and other best-selling
publications the 19 th century concept of guochi - ``national humiliation'' - was invoked to express China's righteous indignation at the bullying imperialists. This can be done by making raters profits
’ depend not on satisfying the issuers that select them , but on performing well for investors . If raters profits ’ depend on such performance – on the accuracy of their ratings the profit motive – would
turn from a source of perverse incentives to a provider of beneficial incentives . Who were the protesters ? There is , however , a danger that it will have an adverse affect on the necessary national discussion
about race . The risks ahead are not just of a mild double-dip recession , but of a severe contraction that could turn into Great Depression II , especially if the eurozone crisis becomes disorderly and
leads to a global financial meltdown . In many advanced economies , both monetary and fiscal policies have reached the limits of their effectiveness . Many African countries have used the past decade to
put in place sound and sustainable economic policies that have delivered robust growth and low inflation . Recently , no less than William F Buckley has argued that nicotine addiction cannot be dismissed
as free choice . Merkel recently admitted that Germany will not get anywhere near one million electric cars by 2020 . More importantly , the grim stability of the type displayed by Hosni Mubarak s Egypt
’ is oftentimes insufficient for genuine financial development . When Internet Boom Went Bust Given this potent list of challenges , what are the prospects for Obama s passage ’ to India ? What we ’ re getting
is the details – the personal comments , the texture of diplomats lives ’ and those of the people they watch , the horrible toll of war and its daily indignities , the hypocrisies and lies of those in
power . So , to the extent possible , include details such as dates , deadlines , locations , and requests . Agricultural development efforts should , therefore , focus on promoting the growth and sustainability
of smallholder farmers and small rural businesses . Women hold less than 1 % of seats in the current Egyptian parliament ; previously , they held 12 % . Most developing countries have cleaned up their financial
and fiscal houses and do not carry high debt . A Palestinian legislature and cabinet have opened , as well as Palestinian police and security services . The BoJ and the BoE are following suit , putting even
more pressure on the eurozone , where a stubborn ECB would rather kill any chance of recovery for the PIIGS than do more QE , ostensibly owing to fears of a rise in inflation . The result is a growing threat
of several vicious circles at once . To prevent new downward spirals of violence , our intervention needs to be swift , smart , and on a sufficient scale to turn the tide towards a sustainable peace . Yet
I am reluctant to believe that things will turn out the same way this time . The appropriate response to such massive changes is not protectionism . Two landmarks define these changes : the end of the Cold
War , which rendered NATO s defensive strategy ’ against the Soviet Union obsolete , and the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on the US , which changed the profile of the enemy and the nature of
the battlefield . It also changed the theater of operation , and forced the Alliance to shift its attention from Europe to the Mediterranean , the Middle East , and beyond . But does Amazon s success mean
’ that traditional brick-and-mortar retailers are slackers for not upgrading their stores , or for not building new stores in better locations ? The Communists wanted a political system that would allow
them to continue in power , with us as a fig leaf , and we were willing to give them some of that for the chance of having Solidarity legal again and of beginning a new process of legal change . Worse yet
, the military remains outside civilian control . BEIJING Throughout 2010 – , China was criticized by the United States Congress ( and many others ) for “ manipulating ” its currency in order to maintain
an advantage for exports , and thus preserve its trade surplus . In last October ’ s municipal elections in the West Bank – the first in six years – the largely secular Fatah party technically retained
its authority ; but voter turnout of only 55 % , following Hamas s ’ call for a boycott , reflected waning support for the party . Now , with the country insisting on an answer to the question he posed
, they see him as a liability . If African products are forced to compete in markets skewed toward European and American producers , Africans do not have a fair chance to develop . The image of young Caroline
– the inspiration for Neil Diamond s famous song solemnly ’ – standing beside her three-year-old brother as he saluted his father s coffin ’ is deeply engrained in the hearts of Japan ’ s people . So there
probably is not a single Japanese who would not welcome her as US Ambassador . The US experienced debt crises periodically during the nineteenth century , and again during the Great Depression . Four other
apostolic districts in Russia were to be turned into dioceses . These changes were intended to The irony of this yearning is that , instead of encouraging policies that would get the economy humming , discontent
drives many voters back to the tried and failed policies of the past . Child survival rates would rise , reinforcing lower fertility rates . But investment is impossible without privatization , to which
the regime has an ideological allergy . But not all those who need help are coming to get it , so Save the Children funds outreach workers to encourage families to use the services . This is not to say that
the forces of disintegration have been defeated . And that logic applies outside of the United States as well , and can lead to similar consequences everywhere : an enormous increase in the largest corporations
’ political power . To be sure , there has been some progress in the eurozone periphery in the last few years : fiscal deficits have been reduced , and some countries are now running primary budget surpluses
( the fiscal balance excluding interest payments ) . The emphasis at SpaceX is on getting the job done , rather than just doing the job . The most critical issue isn ’ t any rise or fall in emissions . It
is how much climate damage we can avoid . Moreover , the DOTS strategy requires that health care professionals supervise the standard treatment regimens to ensure that TB patients remain on the antibiotic
cocktail for the full six months , thereby slowing the emergence of drug resistance . CAMBRIDGE – It ’ s official . The International Monetary Fund has put its stamp of approval on capital controls , thereby
legitimizing the use of taxes and other restrictions on cross-border financial flows . Those who can borrow have ample cash and are cautious about spending , while those who want to borrow – highly indebted
households and firms ( especially small and medium-size enterprises ) – face a credit crunch . First , IRENA will hit the ground running in developing policy and spreading technology , partly because the
countries instrumental in its birth Denmark – , Germany , and Spain – have impeccable green policy credentials “ ” . If you cannot do that , you have no negotiating power . Everything flows . We both believed
that the only sensible thing to do with the bomb was to get rid of it . Asserting itself as a major power outside the Western realm , Russia has boosted the Shanghai Cooperation Organization , which includes
China and most Central Asian countries . Indeed , Russia is increasingly attaching ever greater significance to its relations with China , something of a strategic shift in foreign policy , even if it
is not yet clear how close Russia wants to be get to China . Even in China , such activities are not usually considered threats to the state . This step , and its motives , are without precedent . ( Republicans
, however will argue for putting less pressure on Israel to compromise and more pressure on Iran . ) But he can expect considerable backing from Republicans if he wants to maintain a sizeable US military
presence in Afghanistan beyond this July , or a modest military presence in Iraq beyond the end of 2011 . Liberia obtained its debt write-off by initiating profound changes in its governance and economic
management in order to provide the institutional capability to manage debt prudently and spend resources wisely in the future . With the vote set to coincide with the 65th anniversary of the 1947 UN decision
to partition Palestine , this sensitive issue has rattled many , including the European Commission – although its voice has once again been drowned out by its member states ’ cacophony . In her recent book
Drone Warfare : Killing by Remote Control , Medea Benjamin , a peace activist and shrewd observer of international relations , makes a crucial point : “ While drones make it easier to kill some bad guys
, they also make it easier to go to war . ” Indeed , Putin wants to restructure Russia s relations ’ with the former Soviet states to create not merely a bigger market , but eventually an economic bloc-cum-security
alliance . The Humanitarian Liaison Center serves the whole of Kirkuk at an annual cost of just $ 75,000 a year . With $ 10 million , such centers could be replicated 100 times – with plenty of change left
over . For a long time , it was a losing struggle , marked especially by the spread of both communist and anti-communist tyrannies . Darnton s plan ’ falls short of a universal library , because works in
print and in copyright would be excluded ; but he believes that Congress might grant a non-commercial public library the right to digitize orphan books . OXFORD Central banks – are now targeting liquidity
, not just inflation . Finally , many of the best candidates this time around are from emerging economies . In exchange for voting to pass over the unfit Crown Prince , Kuwait s parliament ’ is now demanding
even more political and economic reforms , including the formal legalization of political parties , the separation of the position of prime minister from that of crown prince , and even for the prime minister
to be chosen from outside the Al Sabah family . The UN should not be seen as part and parcel of the occupation .'' A key instrument is the Global Fund to Fight AIDS , TB and Malaria . Created in 2002 as
a partnership between governments and civil society , the Global Fund is unique in the way it aims to deliver assistance . The deeper cause of recent estrangement and national rivalry has been German reunification
, which disturbed the bilateral balance . At the same time , they gladly share data with vendors and even track their own data – whether airline mileage or steps walked , check-ins at their favorite venues
( especially if they can earn discounts or special offers ) , or their movie , music , or book purchases . If this year 's violence in Chechnya had occurred in 1991 , there would have been a real threat
to our democratic aspirations . China ’ s relative rise did not diminish the dollar s role ’ – and may even have enhanced it . Suicide bombers have struck repeatedly at military installations and personnel
around the army s headquarters ’ in Rawalpindi . An increase in deadly attacks on army convoys in the Pakistan-Afghanistan tribal areas has also pushed the army away from Musharraf . Most methods were reverse-engineered
from the training given to US soldiers preparing to face “ long and extreme situations ” ( which somehow enabled executives to conclude that these ordeals are perfectly bearable ) . The European Central
Bank ( ECB ) has taken decisive action to break this vicious circle . Moreover , there is now a consensus that the 17 eurozone countries need a banking union to accompany their common currency . But how
they describe themselves – and how analysts describe them – will make an important difference in the direction they might take . Such self-understandings should also influence how citizens generally should
respond to these movements . For China , the benefits of holding large quantities of US dollars no longer outweigh the risks , so it must begin to reduce the share of US securities in its foreign-exchange
reserves . Emerging economies debt-to-GDP ratios ’ are trending down toward 40 % , while those of advanced economies are trending up toward 100 % , on average . Such associations demand only a small part
of the individual 's resources , sometimes only a token monetary contribution . Gubernatorial elections this November will force Kurdish political contenders to offer opposing programs , and some candidates
will seek electoral advantage via populist calls for independence . Can the right amount of confidence be instilled in countries or groups that badly need it ? And if overconfidence is so dangerous , can
restraint and modesty be taught to those who do not have it ? The new leadership will , of course , face serious obstacles as it tries to shift policy in these market-friendly directions . China ’ s state-owned
enterprises are powerful forces in the economy , with substantial political influence ; they will resist the shift from heavy industry to services . But there seemed to be no end to the piling up of reserves
, so the only remaining choice was confrontation . Nonetheless , good economic reasoning can help us to anticipate the economic turbulence ahead . So will companies , both multinationals and Chinese , leave
for Vietnam , Bangladesh , or Mozambique ? And the wealthier they are , the bigger the head start . The most important indication of this is the participation of Alexei Navalny – by far the Kremlin s most
persistent political opponent ’ . According to China s Ministry ’ of Land Resources , there were more than 90,000 cases of illegal land transfers last year , yet there were precious few prosecutions . In
1989 and 1990 , as communism collapsed and glasnost took hold , many Russians hungrily sought the " facts . " When the effects are calculated in a standard climate model , the result is a reduction in average
temperature of 0.00005oC ( one twenty-thousandth of a degree Celsius , or one ten-thousandth of a degree Fahrenheit ) . Anger at these profits and bonuses only tends to increase the contagion of the story
. Lastly , some argue that if farmers are permitted to sow GM varieties , they become dependent on large seed producers such as Monsanto , which have patent protection – and thus a monopoly – on the seed
. If Pakistan s history ’ is any indicator , his decision to impose martial law may prove to be the proverbial straw that breaks the camel ’ s back . Of course , the OSCE had very few resources in the region
to begin with , but some members , notably Russia , have been unwilling to give the OSCE a larger role . Germany now has a current-account surplus of about $ 215 billion a year , while the rest of the eurozone
is running a current-account deficit of about $ 140 billion . Apparently , the US can t decide ’ whether to treat Russia as a rival power or a difficult partner . An example was the EU mission to Moscow
and Tbilisi by President Sarkozy and myself . Consider Italy . Granted , the future is unknown ; we have no crystal ball to predict the Bovespa ’ s likely path . BERKELEY – After the second 40 % decline in
America ’ s Standard &amp; Poor s composite index ’ of common stocks in a decade , global investors are shell-shocked . In truth , his visit to Africa is a reward to his stalwart African-American supporters
, who voted overwhelmingly for him in the November election and who remain one pillar of his base . It depends on the day , but if we count by centuries , then surely humanity s urbanization ’ is a strong
contender . America s mortgage market ’ remains on life-support : the government now underwrites more than 90 % of all mortgages , and President Barack Obama s administration ’ has not even proposed a new
system that would ensure responsible lending at competitive terms . The tense relationship between the incumbent Arab regimes and political Islam is not necessarily a zero-sum game . As a result , Italian
students scores ’ in the Program for International Student Assessment are significantly lower than those of their counterparts in many other OECD countries . In all of these cases , bold climate-change
targets are being undermined by business-as-usual subsidies . But don t count ’ on a new era without some form of direct US-Iran discussions . The talks with the five permanent members of the United Nations
Security Council plus Germany ( P5 + 1 ) are formulaic , stagnant , and not likely to achieve any breakthrough on their own . Clearly , however , poverty arises from various complex conditions , and its
amelioration requires a multidimensional approach . It is hard to imagine , for example , how to make “ poverty history ” without also generating enough decent work , educational opportunities , and healthcare
for all . Defending the national interest still rallies their publics ; the exercise of power remains at the heart of their diplomatic calculations . The Time is Now to Fight Disease But , while political
leaders drew up such rosy plans , eight of Turkey s largest investors ’ in Iran were withdrawing from the country . For 30 years , I have worked to secure equal human and civil rights for Dominicans of
Haitian descent . We are the moral continent . But , given the likelihood that Democrats will retain their majorities in the US Congress , even McCain would need to modify the agreement with Colombia in
order to get it passed . The pressure to include similar provisions in the other deals would then grow . The French have not yet chosen between defending the old world and facing up to the challenges of
a globalized world . But we forget how much the state of the world has improved . He says that two-thirds of China ’ s almost 3,000 counties have tried artificial methods to induce more rainfall , sometimes
resulting in lawsuits over rights to mine passing clouds for water . They still have a long way to go , but significant improvements are already evident . Moreover , the war didn 't change the quality of
Iraqi fields , which are still among the richest in the world and can produce oil with relatively little effort and investment . However , while this has blurred the old division , new ones have emerged
, splintering today ’ s world into four inter-connected tiers . “ Colleges ” of regulators , the supposed solution , are inadequate . It has a nuclear first- and second-strike capability ; its own satellite
communications systems ; increasingly sophisticated and numerous aircraft and war ships ; a rapidly growing economy to sustain high levels of military investment ; as well as its own political and diplomatic
points of leverage at places like the UN . One reason is that liberal neo-classical economists like Stiglitz and Krugman share values with heterodox economists , and shared values are easily conflated with
shared analysis . Another reason is that heterodox and MIT School economists also often agree on policy , even if their reasoning is different . Senator John Kerry , the Democratic candidate , has accused
President George W. Bush of neglecting and offending America 's allies , particularly in Europe . It is also possible that resistance to Iranian efforts to dominate Iraq could lead to a wider conflict that
draws in Saudi Arabia , Egypt , and others . Some of the half-empty glasses were the result of intractable events ; some were the product of early naiveté , such as the initial approaches to Israel , China
, and Afghanistan . That would widen the wage distribution , create jobs , and maintain the living standard of the poor . There were many more economists who believed that house prices , though high , were
unlikely to fall across the board . JERUSALEM Israel – , an audacious vision that came true , is now celebrating its 65th anniversary with a sense of well-deserved satisfaction at its extraordinary domestic
achievements . Likewise , many Europeans believe that , while a partnership with Russia might be an asset now , it would corrode Europe s economies and politics ’ in the long run . Eighty years ago , John
Maynard Keynes argued that governments needed to take responsibility for maintaining full employment and price stability - that the pre-World War I gold standard had not been the golden age people thought
it was , and that its successes were the result of a lucky combination of circumstances unlikely to be repeated . Given the complexity and sensitivity of the issues – never more so than when military action
is an option – it is not surprising that the responsibility to protect remains a work in progress . This is where the clearinghouse protects AIG , whose winning contract with BofA nets out against Bear
s losing contract ’ with BofA . The clearinghouse here eliminates counterparty risk for these three , but only by transferring the risk to Citibank , which , instead of losing $ 50 million , ends up losing
the full $ 100 million . To lend more to Spain s ’ government so that it can recapitalize the country s banks ’ adds to its debt burden and scares markets , which fear future debt restructuring . Is the
UN Security Council the institution most capable of ensuring order and saving us from anarchy ? Indeed , she looks more like a Korean Margaret Thatcher – a lady not for turning , in Thatcher s famous phrase
’ , and with clearly thought-through political principles animating her actions . Economic globalization has , of course , produced some large benefits for the world , including the rapid spread of advanced
technologies such as the Internet and mobile telephony . Using hit-and-run guerilla tactics and suicide bombers , Boko Haram has attacked police stations , government buildings , and churches , killing
thousands . Despite violent clashes with a special military task force in Borno and Yobe , the northern states where the sect is most active , Boko Haram remains robust . ETC Group took the case to the
Center for Tropical Agriculture ( CIAT ) in Cali , Colombia . CIAT is one of the international centers of the Consultative Group on International Agricultural Research ( CGIAR ) . Yes , sharply rising food
prices are an important factor in boosting headline inflation in Asia . Enlargement is now more easily politicized in individual member states , and this is especially the case where there is a groundswell
of Euro-skepticism upon which to draw . Their economic potency , when it exists , rests on the strength of individual leaders , or on favorable but temporary circumstances . The CIO wouldn t ’ have policymaking
authority per se , but he or she should sit high in the government – ideally with little bureaucratic encumbrance . The CIO would not have a fiefdom and would not compete for power or turf with other senior
officials , but would simply remind the president or other people of the role of information every time it was appropriate . And it can survive . This is not to say that international organizations and the
EU are of no help . On the contrary , these bodies can be very valuable insofar as they carry out international comparisons and point out deficiencies . Numerous opinion polls show Park Geun-hye of the
ruling Grand National Party ( GNP ) to be the leading candidate . If elected , she would be South Korea s first woman president ’ , and , for her rivals , her dominant position in the race is an uncomfortable
but unassailable fact . If anything has been laid to rest by China ’ s rising wealth , it is the comforting idea that capitalism , and the growth of a prosperous bourgeoisie , will inevitably lead to liberal
democracy . But destroying poppy crops has been turning Afghan farmers against NATO . So it is smarter to go after the heroin bosses and their foreign networks , and in the meantime buy the poppy crop from
farmers to destroy it . There is greater disagreement about how much to discount the future simply because it is the future , even if future generations are no better off than us . Whereas the Stern Review
follows a tradition among British economists and many philosophers against discounting for pure futurity , most economists take pure time preference as obvious . The Closing of the European Mind In Syria
, it seems inevitable that protest may soon crack the regime ’ s brittle political immobility . Together with political uncertainty , they will re-emerge with full force in the second half of the year . Corporate
managers , meanwhile , got the public support needed to resist many cost-of-living allowances that were fueling a wage-price spiral . You are the protectors , whoever seeks protection away from you is a
fool ... and the army and the police are hearing me , ” said Egypt s president-elect ’ , Mohamed Morsi , to hundreds of thousands in Tahrir Square . But the OSCE was almost completely powerless during the
Kyrgyzstan crisis , and only recently was it finally able to secure agreement to send a small police advisory group there . Escaping the Fossil Fuel Trap Even as Israeli bombs fell on Beirut and Tyre , Saudi
Arabia , perhaps the most conservative Arab Muslim state of all , openly condemned the actions of the Shia Hezbollah in instigating conflict with Israel . Never before in the history of the Arab-Israeli
conflict has a state that considers itself a leader of the Arab Muslim peoples backed Israel so openly . When they are plainly wrong , why let them off the hook ? Only then will the smaller members feel
adequately respected . Indeed , that , in a nutshell , is the story of the last six decades : a succession of Asian countries managed to grow by leaps and bounds by applying different variants of mercantilism
. Governments in rich countries for the most part looked the other way while Japan , South Korea , Taiwan , and China protected their home markets , appropriated intellectual property “ , ” subsidized
their producers , and managed their currencies . That Walt Whitman and Mark Twain , Herman Melville , Henry James , and John Dos Passos had lived here , that Enescu , Brancusi , or Eugen Ionesco had been
successful here in no way raised my hopes . The sequencing problem is obvious : a commitment conditional on reform progress will not bring back private investors immediately , because it does not reduce
the perceived risk of substantial political obstacles to implementing the necessary measures . Only bold and largely unconditional commitments by both the European Union and Italy can break this dangerous
impasse . While America s war ’ “ on terror ” demands a stronger emphasis on security , the NSA s activities ’ expose an alarming willingness to violate the privacy of millions of individuals – including
in allied countries , whose constitutions and sovereignty have also been breached . Foodstuffs like soy , wheat , milk , eggs , mollusks , crustaceans , fish , sesame , nuts , peanuts , and kiwi would likewise
be banned , because they can cause food allergies . But future water stresses will be widespread , including both rich and poor countries . Much older than the Soviet regime , this tradition emphasizes a
spirit of sacrifice – not just for loved ones , but also for great causes such as revolution , state , science , or art – that is deeply hostile to accumulation of money and material goods as the goal
of life . But the evolving slowdown is not the only reason the threat of a wage-price spiral in Europe is overblown . Getting a workable agreement once leadership has been shown is a lot easier . Their claims
that progress would lead to accession were shown to be false , and an important incentive for officials was eliminated . Of course , modern technology alone cannot bring about a revolution . That scenario
now looks all the more likely . More than two million people were killed in the second Sudanese civil war alone , which broke out in 1983 ( essentially continuing the first war , which ended in 1972 ) .
Millions more became refugees . This gloomy view might be explained by the interest Chubais has in stopping the West from challenging Russia ’ s rulers for violating human rights and curtailing freedom
. Self-reported family histories , by contrast , proved very accurate in predicting the disease . From Bangkok , the line will run east through Cambodia and north through Vietnam to Hanoi , then through
Laos and back to Kunming . We must also strengthen food safety from production to consumption , including improvements in our understanding of the interaction between the food system and human health ,
particularly zoonotic diseases and the effects of pesticides . Under his rule , Sarajevo was " cleansed " of most of its Serbs and Croats . BRUSSELS 2010 – will be a crucial and uncertain year for the Islamic
Republic of Iran and – for its relations with the European Union . The domestic hostility towards the regime that erupted in the aftermath of the disputed presidential elections last June has not died
away , but has become stronger and more determined . In April , Tokyo Governor Shintaro Ishihara , a famous and articulate patriot , announced that the metropolitan government that he leads plans to acquire
four of the Senkaku Islands , which are currently privately owned by Japanese citizens . Donations for the purchase from the people of Japan now exceed ¥ 700 million ( $ 8.4 million ) . The course of political
development is , for good or bad , far more difficult to predict . World Bank officials , shareholder advisers , and financial economists have all made considerable efforts to develop such standards . Moreover
, with Yemen s ’ government imploding across the Red Sea , the Horn of Africa ’ s strategic significance for maritime oil transport has become a primary global security concern . In short , the Horn of
Africa is too important to ignore or to misunderstand . UNICEF responded with Adjustment with a Human Face , which argued that children must be protected during economic crises . Fabricated evidence , secret
witnesses , and flights of investigative fancy are the foundation of the show trials that Turkish police and prosecutors have mounted since 2007 . The domestic political lessons of Vietnam have also been
transmitted down to the present . Peace Through Reconciliation in Afghanistan Is there any chance that the snowball of debt , dysfunction , and doubt will fall apart harmlessly before it gathers more force
? Both lenders and borrowers would be better off from a comprehensive debt cancelation . No policy area better illustrates this EU preference for talk over action than Pakistan . Easy US monetary policy ,
followed by monetary easing in countries that formally pegged their exchange rates to the US dollar ( as in the Gulf ) or that maintain undervalued currencies to achieve export-led growth ( China and other
informal members of the so-called Bretton Woods 2 dollar zone ) has fueled a new asset bubble in commodities and overheating of their economies . Most of these factors are akin to positive global aggregate
demand shocks , which should lead to economic overheating and a rise in global inflation . Western diplomats should encourage Turkmenistan s government ’ to follow through on its educational exchange plans
, and urge Berdymukhamedov to enable wider Internet access for his population . Likewise , no one should be surprised if democratization in the Arab world , difficult as it might be , brings in its wake
a redrawing of borders . Is economic recovery around the corner , as promised by the leaders of the G8 , the group of the world 's richest countries that held their annual meeting in Evian , France last
week ? Instead , it decides that some industries , banks , or political authorities need to be sustained for the general good . Tank-washing gave rise to a huge number of small spills , and tanker accidents
such as those involving the Torrey Canyon , Exxon Valdez , Metula , and St. Peter resulted in huge , concentrated spills . Blowouts were not infrequent , but most occurred on land or in shallow water ,
and most could be stopped relatively easily . Backroom lobbying by powerful corporations now dominates policymaking negotiations , from which the public is excluded . Mainstream economists and policymakers
had no difficulty in demonstrating that the establishment and spread of regulated , open , world trading system created extraordinary new wealth . But such " proofs " had scant effect on their opponents
, who shout that globalization aggravates poverty and inequality while blighting communities and the environment . Bricks , concrete , and asphalt – the building blocks from which cities are made – absorb
much more heat from the sun than vegetation does in the countryside . Indeed , under Chirac , France appears increasingly arrogant , a nation convinced of the righteousness of its views and the universality
of its model - the very charges so often levelled against George W. Bush 's America . Moreover , the Bush administration politicized the delivery of aid by channeling it through private religious groups
that are part of the administration s political coalition ’ . NATO forced Serb forces to withdraw in June 1999 , and international peacekeepers , under NATO s leadership ’ , occupied Kosovo . The UN sent
a mission to help establish local institutions . Creating such a court would demonstrate that acts of international terrorism are an affront to the international community as a whole , not merely to the
US . When , during a simulation , I asked an imaginary guard to take away the detainee 's chair , the instructor feigned being removed violently . Thus , Idomeneo must be performed , and Salman Rushdie must
be published . Despite its current distress , the dollar should retain its predominance for some time to come . With a strained military and a struggling economy , the next president will often have little
choice other than to talk . Government deficits incurred on current spending for services or transfers are bad , because they produce no revenue and add to the national debt . So I really cannot understand
Barro ’ s last paragraph : “ The fiscal stimulus package of 2009 was a mistake . It follows that an additional stimulus package in 2010 would be another mistake ... ” Anonymity was not their goal . For a
region that has suffered so long from frustration and despair over its failures , these are among the best of times . But such an attitude seems warranted : Xu s Tibet division ’ is tasked with overseeing
monastic institutions , inculcating patriotic norms “ ” among monks and nuns – through reeducation when necessary – and infiltrating the Tibetan resistance movement and Tibetan Buddhist monasteries on
both sides of the Indo-Tibetan frontier . No less than 14 % of Swedish employees are currently registered as sick , double the number five years ago . And yet , even as nationalistic emotions were suppressed
in polite society all over Europe , the soccer stadiums remained stubbornly in the pre-WWII world . So this is no time for President Barack Obama to go wobbly . If monarchs can teach their subjects to do
so , then let us give at least one cheer for the remaining kings and queens . Kouchner , the co-founder of the relief group Doctors Without Borders , who later split with the organization to found a second
humanitarian organization , Doctors of the World , and who ran Kosovo as a United Nations protectorate after NATO s war ’ with Serbia in 1999 , is now 67 . This remains the crucial truth ; the rest follows
as tragedy . Even when the US or Israel have tabled peace offers , such as at Camp David in 2000 , they have included convoluted ways to sustain the West Bank settlements and large settler populations
, while denying an economically viable and contiguous Palestinian state . The most recent debacle began when President George W. Bush called for Palestinian democracy in 2004 , but then refused to honor
the democratic process . Morocco s Veiled Feminists ’ The fact that Greece nonetheless is effectively trying to destroy Golden Dawn – the parliament just voted to freeze the party s state funding ’ – suggests
that , in the end , most democracies will want to draw the line somewhere . One crucial insight to be gained from a century of establishing international courts and tribunals is that while momentum is vital
, getting things right from the start is equally important . NEW DELHI – Of the many sad news stories emerging recently from India , the saddest in a long time concerns the deaths of 23 schoolchildren in
July in Chhapra , the main town in the impoverished rural Saran district of the state of Bihar . The children were poisoned by their midday meals – a vital part of a government-run nutrition program in
schools – which apparently were cooked in oil that had been carelessly stored in used pesticide containers . Even if it were closer to the top , overthrowing Saddam Hussein to ensure oil supplies in 50
years ranks as the least plausible of strategies . Yet we know from a range of evidence that this is what was on Bush s mind ’ when his government shifted its focus from the search for Osama bin Laden
to fighting a war in Iraq . The most promising approach might be sanctions against leading personalities , and against transfers of technology and funding , as well as covert operations , to delay Iran
s nuclear weapons program ’ . In the meantime , Iran s youthful population ’ may become more politically active and demand democratization and improved living conditions . They are correct . Now the substitution
of capital for labor is moving beyond manufacturing . A lower corporate-tax rate would weaken this justification . Moreover , pension funds , retirement plans , and non-profit organizations , which receive
about 50 % of all corporate dividends , do not pay tax on these earnings , and would benefit from a lower corporate-tax rate . More of this awaits . Support for increased foreign aid , debt relief and debt
forgiveness comes from all sides . Chancellor Schröder will be confronted by the need finally to address Germany 's real economic problems . The CDU / CSU and the FDP will be forced to present convincing
alternatives to Schröder 's policies . Linking social-welfare benefits to participation in the workforce , training , or active labor-market programs also can help , as can affordable , high-quality childcare
and greater opportunities for paternity and maternity leave . Each evening , it gets turned off as if it were a garden fountain . For the world s democracies ’ , there is no greater or more important task
. In these circumstances , the Talmud , the ancient repository of Jewish legal commentary – and one of the oldest sources of human thought on morality and economic activity – might hold the key . There were
pledges of political integration based on shared values . There were people-to-people links . It is therefore refreshing to see a careful econometric study take on an assertion by Paul Krugman , perhaps
the most influential left-leaning US economist , that “ the Community Reinvestment Act of 1977 was irrelevant to the subprime boom . ” He removed leaders who could potentially oppose her , including such
senior figures as Lee Yong-chul and Lee Je-gang . Even if national parliaments tried to come to grips with such developments , they would fail . Yet they also point to exceptional windows in time when it
is possible for societies to shift away from their established paths . But nothing is free . That price would be an investment in a more stable international system . Linked to EU skeptics like Italy 's
Berlusconi and Austria 's Schüssel-Haider coalition , the very nature of European politics may turn decidedly nasty . Because the fate of Europe depends on Germany , and because the issuance of eurobonds
will put Germany ’ s own credit standing at risk , the compromise will clearly have to put Germany in the driver s seat ’ . Unfortunately , Germany has some unsound ideas about macroeconomic policy : it
wants the rest of Europe to follow its example . The magic trifecta of sustainable debt and deficit ratios , a real depreciation , and restoration of growth looks unlikely to be achievable even with official
financial support . In the second phase , at the war s end ’ , aid remains mainly humanitarian relief , but now directed towards displaced people returning home , and to decommissioned soldiers . In the
third phase , lasting three to five years , aid supports the first phase of post-war economic development , including restoration of schools , clinics , farms , factories , and ports . The country in question
is Sweden in 1992-1993 . In the capitals of Latin America , Bush s visit ’ has been interpreted as a reaction to Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez s ’ increasing influence and popularity in the region . Indeed
, even the growing split between Europe and America has not stemmed Russia s loss ’ of standing . Immediately following the coup , the European Union adopted an ambivalent position toward it . This , too
, is reminiscent of Algeria in 1992 , when most European governments supported the annulment of the Islamists electoral victory ’ . While ODA remains an important source of financing for fragile and very-low-income
countries , it represents only 7 % of net financial flows to developing countries , where foreign direct investment , remittances , long-term debt , and portfolio investment have a larger impact . Nonetheless
, shifts of income to high-saving groups and increasing current-account surpluses have similar first-round effects on aggregate world savings . Of course , it is only the first-round effects that are similar
. As a result , legality has emerged as the main source of political legitimacy in the modern world . Consequently , those who are more interested in arbitrary authority than legality are using the language
of law to legitimize their actions – and weakening the rule of law in the process . Indeed , German support for solar power is aimed at lowering the cost of solar panels , which is the main justification
for paying a high feed-in price ( currently about 200 / MWh € , compared to current electricity prices of roughly 55 / MWh € ) . How can we undo the imbalances of economies China – , followed far behind
by Europe exporting – massively to the United States or to the dollar zone ? Recently , Turkey assumed from Britain command of the International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan . That way , the
dangers of popular antipathies will be contained . Instead of damaging democracy , the rise of the right , by challenging the corruption of vested interests , might actually turn out to strengthen it . Worse
still , the war on terror was counterproductive . While the EU clearly needs internal reforms , two external political factors are central to its prospects this year . It is difficult to see how democracy
can take root if the country ’ s most important source of income remains as veiled in secrecy as it was under Saddam . All ways of worship , Hinduism asserts , are valid , and religion is an intensely personal
matter related to the individual s self-realization ’ in relation to God . Indonesia exposes the danger of ignoring these concerns . So why not stick to a winning formula where energy is concerned ? Democracy
is a legitimate objective , but it is a long-term one . Both countries have a reputation for corruption in government . Short-term emergency policies are needed to deal with high unemployment , home foreclosures
, business bankruptcies , and often with hunger , disease , and a number of other ills . First , the revolts are a double-edged sword for Iran . In addition , Cameron is proposing other reforms , such as
requiring people , after several years ’ unemployment , to accept a job offer , even if it is not the applicant s preference ’ . This may help break the demoralizing cycle of unemployment and alienation
. They appreciate that there is stability and security in numbers . All of this generates a vicious circle : the stronger the political power of pensioners and of older workers , the greater the pressure
on government to shorten working lives and increase pension benefits . Most Americans , however , are focused on today ’ s downturn , not tomorrow s ’ . Third , the amount of lending available from the IMF
is being raised substantially . This implies critical faculties and the ability to tolerate criticism . In part , poor countries make these large investments because they are devoted to improving the quality
of diagnosis and treatment . In part , they make them to keep their best physicians . Goodhart concedes that banks ’ “ risk weightings ” in the pre-recession period were subject to political pressure and
“ financial-industry capture and manipulation . ” This is inevitable , because , as John Maynard Keynes pointed out , the riskiness “ ” of many investments , being subject to inherent uncertainty , is
immeasurable . There are several reasons for US inaction – including ideology and scientific ignorance – but a lot comes down to one word : coal . Sergei Kiriyenko , the former prime minister and currently
a leader of the Soyuz pravykh sil ( Union of Right Forces ) is bidding to be Moscow 's mayor . This vast collection of knowledge , culture , and literary achievement is inaccessible to most people . Digitizing
it would make it available to anyone with Internet access . Obama and the Rise of the Rest Israelis don t ’ want to delude themselves the way they did in the 1990 s ’ during the so-called Oslo peace process
. The money worked as intended – not to promote development , but to keep Zaire on the side of the West . At the international level , the Nuremberg model remains available to generate further trials , though
under the dubious conditions that victorious powers sometimes impose liability for crimes , such as “ crimes against humanity ” that were are not properly defined at the time they are committed . Excluding
taxes and contributions paid and transfers and public goods received , the Ifo Institute reckons that the average immigrant to Germany receives a net 2,300 euros annually . George Soros fears this might
be the case , and gives the eurozone only a 50 % chance of survival in its present form . The most recent report by the Independent Monitoring Board of the Global Polio Eradication Initiative , released
in November 2012 , acknowledged Pakistan s recent progress ’ – in stark contrast to the bleak outlook of its previous report . For him , the difference between left and right is moral , not economic . Countries
across the region have large numbers of young people and too few jobs . The tumult of the Maoist period instilled in a broad cross-section of people a profound appreciation for stability , and a yearning
to be left alone . Deng capitalized on this revolution-weariness by diminishing the role of politics and the state in people ’ s private lives and freeing them to release their pent-up energy to pursue
their own goals . This propped up economic growth , while also boosting outlays for critical investments and social programs needed to lessen the hardships faced by the poorest people . The downturn was
also relatively short-lived , partly as a result of the greater openness to world trade that lower-income countries have embraced over the past decade . Beyond the core Realist theories of balance of power
, an introduction to ethics in international affairs – moral philosophy , human rights , and the role of non-state actors – should be mainstreamed in international relations curricula . Japan s national
government and local communities ’ had no emergency plan for the situation that they faced in the contaminated areas , resulting in ad hoc responses marked by inefficiency and poor communication , particularly
with regard to radiological risk . Second , the current situation is highly anomalous , and some exceptional measures are needed to restore normalcy . The old Obama was youthful , charming , graceful , and
full of hope . His demeanor was crisp yet easy-going . That proved to be the case in Turkey and Pakistan in the 1990 s ’ and early 2000 s ’ , and later in much of the Arab world . During the campaign Mr.
Lavin repeatedly said that , irrespective of his age and health , General Pinochet should stand trial in Chile for alleged violations of human rights . If , as many fear , the United Kingdom releases the
General in the next few days , Chile 's right-of-center politicians should insist , publicly and forcefully , that Pinochet is brought to justice in his own country . I was alone in the universe , listening
to a voice that was and wasn 't mine . My partner was a book of Romanian fairy tales with a hard green cover , which I had been given a few days before when I turned the solemn age of 9 . As a result ,
the recession has been deeper and longer than it would otherwise have been . We all knew it was tough for the American consumer – but this revision portrays the crisis-induced cutbacks and subsequent anemic
recovery in a much dimmer light . If consumers knew to collect and separate household plastics based on their number , when available , the resulting boost to recycling efforts would demonstrate to government
and industry the viability of a more sustainable approach , reduce exposure to rising oil prices , and support growing global demand for plastics . That is what the Stability Pact is about – a recognition
that the region ’ s problems must be tackled in the round ; a recognition that coping with crisis after crisis is far more costly than implementing a long-term strategy for peace . But Yar Adua ’ might
soon confront a big short-term problem . Integration of services for infectious diseases and primary care has contributed to some of the steepest declines in child and maternal mortality ever observed . At
present , the government is promoting the creation of a similar institution in the aviation sector , the new United Aircraft Building Corporation ( UABC ) , which includes major state and private manufacturers
of fixed-wing aircraft . Proponents of the merger believe it will improve the efficiency of the Russian aircraft industry and , by lowering costs , make Russian planes more attractive to foreign buyers
. What exactly are we doing if we insist on Turkey s ’ acknowledgement that the Armenian genocide did take place as a condition of its membership in the European Union ? Even without the sequester , real
per capita government spending ( including both purchases and transfer payments ) has declined under President Barack Obama , while it increased under every preceding president since Richard Nixon . In
the economists world ’ , morality should not seek to control technology , but should adapt to its demands . First , social inequality has grown unabated in the West over the last quarter-century , owing
in part to the disappearance of the Soviet Union and , with it , the threat of expansionist communism . As competition intensified and production started moving to the Baltic States and Eastern Europe ,
Sweden s policy answer ’ was to upgrade the skills of the work force . Darkly , many local people joined in as miners began to shout for the government s overthrow ’ . They are particularly difficult if
we see culture as the cement of Europe ’ s future . All European countries probably believed at the outset that non-European newcomers could be assimilated in the same way that Polish immigrants were assimilated
into Germany ’ s Ruhr region in the nineteenth century . In the information age , as Joseph Nye , the guru of soft power , argues , it is not the side with the bigger army , but the side with the better
story , that wins . India is already the land “ of the better story . ” COPENHAGEN – When it comes to global warming , extreme scare stories abound . RIGA – For decades , people have bemoaned the waning
of Europe s global political power ’ . Reaching 53 million children in South Asia and sub-Saharan Africa would yield economic benefits six times higher than the astonishingly modest annual cost of $ 26.5
million . The genie is out of the bottle . Absent coordination , there is also a risk that monetary policies designed to promote growth ( or at least not impede it ) will lead to a return of financial-sector
distortions and imbalances . Once issues of technical safety are resolved , a fundamental objection to reprogenetics is its inherent unfairness to families unable to afford it . Unfortunately , Sartre and
Aron are also joined in death : both have been disowned , ignored , or underrated by all the academic disciplines philosophy – , literature , sociology , politics – to which their voluminous works might
be thought to have contributed . Henry Tang , unkindly nicknamed Pig “ ” by the Hong Kong press for his unimpressive intellect , and a heretofore supporting actor , C. Y. Leung , nicknamed “ Wolf ” for
his perceived chilly ruthlessness , were the entire cast . Second , Iran must swap its existing 20 % stockpile for fuel capable of use only in the Tehran Research Reactor or for some other manifestly peaceful
purpose . The final demand is that Iran shut down its highly-protected underground enrichment facility at Fordow , near Qom . Al-Qaeda still has bases with the Taliban on the Afghanistan-Pakistan border
. On a global scale , the renewable energy sector created 2.3 million jobs in the past few years . In Germany alone , the sector ’ s growth has generated 250,000 new green jobs in less than ten years . His
thesis was that once people have tasted freedom , once the oppressive leader is gone , they will naturally live as free people and build a new , democratic society without much central oversight . Climate
engineering could remain a back-up option in case of necessity . Or we could put it on the agenda today . A second factor pushing secession forward is the SPLA s lack ’ of commitment to the New Sudan ideology
of its founder , John Garang , who had negotiated the CPA and died in a plane crash in 2005 . High Noon at the IMF Under President Vladimir Putin , Russia has launched a comprehensive program to restructure
its defense industry , which has shrunk dramatically since the Soviet era . Given the financial stakes , it is little wonder that alternative-energy companies , “ green investment firms ” , and biofuel
producers are lobbying hard for more government largesse , and marketing their cause directly to the public by highlighting its supposed benefits for the environment , energy security , and even employment
none – of which withstand scrutiny . Russian corruption has reached catastrophic levels , yet no serious fight has been launched against it . While the future evolution of these imbalances remains unclear
, the result could eventually be a sharp rise in long-term interest rates and a substantial fall in the dollar s value ’ , driven mainly by foreign investors ’ reluctance to continue expanding their holdings
of US debt . American investors , fearing an unwinding of the fiscal and monetary positions , might contribute to these changes by seeking to shift their portfolios to assets of other countries . A lot
has been said and written in the wake of the disaster about how little Americans seem to care for one another . As the war in the Caucasus has shown , the global economy does not offer a foolproof guarantee
against war . There is no question that current conditions present a unique window of opportunity . During the past three years , the world 's leaders have promised concrete action to cut global poverty
by one half by the year 2015 , in a series of commitments known as the Millennium Development Goals . In fact , we are controlling disease polio – , malaria , and AIDS better – than ever before , and making
big new investments in women s ’ and children ’ s health – the key to progress in many other areas . Decommunization meant for me , above all , the decommunization of the regime , of the system itself . But
this flies in the face of most evidence . With the exception of a small number of ideologically committed defenders of free enterprise , few were willing to take the risks inherent in letting major banks
collapse . Conventional wisdom has changed , and many people will be breathing a sigh of relief when inflation rates rise above 3 % or more in the US and elsewhere . The Internet allowed for a rapid worldwide
dissemination of organizational plans at an extraordinarily low cost to the organizers . The current debate about global warming is clearly harmful . State insurance regulators resist rate increases , but
they are ultimately powerless , because insurers can simply take their business elsewhere . This is its normative “ ” meaning – the best that the human race has come up with to secure its survival . Beyond
the specific problems of the monetary union , there is also a global dimension to Europe s ’ challenges – the tension , emphasized by authors such as Dani Rodrik , and Jean Michel Severino and Olivier
Ray , between national democratic politics and globalization . One can have the most visible business summits possible , but if Western companies do not gain greater access to the Chinese market , or if
they feel threatened by heavily subsidized state-owned enterprises , relations will continue to sour . Today , the US turns 40 % of its maize output into ethanol to be burned in cars . In doing so , Bush
has risked America 's long-term economic health and social stability . Except in small , libertine aristocratic circles , where women were able to take on extra-marital lovers too , the woman s role ’ was
to be a mother and domestic caretaker . And the rights of children in most traditional societies , before the changes the Pope deplores came about , barely existed . Economies in which government provides
these public goods perform far better than those in which it does not . President Bush may be too unaware to recognize that his historically high 70 % disapproval rating among US voters is related to the
fact that his government turned its back on the international community – and thereby got trapped in war and economic crisis . The other G-8 leaders presumably can see that their own unpopularity at home
is strongly related to high food and energy prices , and an increasingly unstable global climate and global economy , none of which they can address on their own . LONDON George W. Bush – has started work
on his memoirs . Germany will have a Protestant pastor as its head of state , in addition to being governed by a Protestant pastor s daughter ’ . Pressures are mounting on the ECB to raise interest rates
– and Berlusconi and Co . s attacks ’ are as much as an attempt to forestall future rate hikes as to get the ECB to loosen its monetary policy . Poland is an important country within the Union . The problem
with “ predatory pricing ” is that the courts are very unlikely to be able to distinguish “ unfair prices ” from effective competition that is a boon to consumers . It is the less efficient competitors
, and not consumers , that are the most likely to benefit from punishing Intel for lowering its prices . Latin America as a single entity is no more . They live longer , go further in school , and tend to
bear fewer and more prosperous children as they invest more in the children they do have . Studies have shown that investments in health care can yield a six-fold economic return . But if you are a blue-fin
tuna of the western Atlantic stock , your mood will be decidedly more pessimistic . It is a similar story for several species of shark , including the oceanic white-tip , scalloped hammerhead , and the
great and spiny dogfish . Whether Redmond s average wealth ’ increased depends on how you look at it . After the overthrow of Hosni Mubarak s 30 year-old regime ’ in Egypt , the heartland of the Middle East
, amazement has turned into certainty . The Middle East has awakened and begun to enter the globalized world of the twenty-first century . Here ASEAN + 3 talks the talk . The Great Depression , which followed
the stock market crash of 1929 , saw unemployment rise sharply in many countries , accompanied by severe deflation . BERLIN – Finally , German Chancellor Angela Merkel has accepted a new form of European
Union . But the new economy 's most important innovations require progress in basic science , which must be widely disseminated because knowledge is a cumulative enterprise . Former US National Security
Adviser Zbigniew Brzezinski recently argued strongly against military action , proposing , instead , a strategy that would continue sanctions and extend deterrence . Who will win , and who will lose ? There
are countless more cases that can be mentioned . Such trials were held in revolutionary courts staffed by Qaddafi zealots and operating outside the formal judiciary . In other words , lowering the GDP growth
rate to 7.5 % without making China s growth pattern ’ even more irrational is an impossible mission . But , but instead of supplying the population with the necessary infrastructure economic development
– , education , welfare , medical services , housing , and refugee rehabilitation Yasser Arafat – ’ s Fatah-led PA spent more than 70 % of its meager budget on a dozen competing security and intelligence
services , neglecting all other spheres of activity . It created what is called in Arabic a Mukhabarat ( security services ) state , very much like what is prevalent in almost all Arab countries Egypt
– , Syria , Saudi Arabia , republics and monarchies alike . From the perspective of the Western-minded Turks , the pride of European membership is perhaps less important than the pain of rejection . But
the same goes for the Europeans . In such a world , recovery in the stronger emerging markets – the great hope for the global economy – will suffer , because no country is an island economically . Now that
America 's position has become unsustainable , the Bush administration is handing over power to local militias in Falluja and elsewhere . “ Zombie banks ” – dead but still walking among the living – are
, in Ed Kane s immortal words ’ , “ gambling on resurrection . ” Repeating the Savings ampamp ; Loan debacle of the 1980 ’ s. the banks are using bad accounting ( they were allowed , for example , to keep
impaired assets on their books without writing them down , on the fiction that they might be held to maturity and somehow turn healthy ) . But if small units are well organized , they can greatly improve
the well-being of society as a whole , bit by bit , by working at the micro level . “ Micro-information ” and “ micro-exchange ” can push forward real change . China ’ s Baby Step This baseline scenario
is subject to two-sided risks that could well increase over time . One proposed solution is for these countries to engineer the equivalent of a devaluation – a uniform decrease in wages . The US and other
coalition forces would have to withdraw gradually , beginning from the south of Iraq . These leveraged buy-outs “ ” leave the company saddled with debt and interest payments , its workers are laid off ,
and its assets are sold . But regulation could change that . Barbara Bradfield , one of the original subjects in research trials for the pharmacogenetic cancer drug Herceptin , has now been stable on the
drug for more than 20 years . But such success stories are far too rare to constitute a golden age “ ” of genetics . Already , international actions have pushed the G-7 in a new and hopeful direction . To
meet them , it must first restore its international credibility . Reforming Bank Reform Lately , political battles among key actors have not been about how to build a more effective of representative political
system or a more equitable , dynamic economy , but about how to maintain control of accumulated power or distribute it among their allies . The Kurdish problem preoccupies Turks , as does their growing
sense that they are losing control of two essential issues – the Syrian and Iranian crises . Or , if these deficits are monetized , high inflation may force up long-term interest rates and again choke off
economic recovery . There is no absolute yardstick on how to behave in these impossible circumstances , so people must judge every election on its merits . The proper comparison is thus between the average
of two continental-sized economies , both of which are characterized by considerable internal diversity . Perhaps , if we have some sort of causal theory that could explain such periodicity to international
capital flows . The more the West waits , the more radicalized the rebels will become , weakening the standing and influence of moderate forces . Worse , investment agreements enable companies to sue the
government over perfectly sensible and just regulatory changes – when , say , a cigarette company ’ s profits are lowered by a regulation restricting the use of tobacco . Here is one idea . It saddens me
that great nations like Italy and France are going in the wrong direction and falling behind with the pledges they made four years ago at the G-8 summit in Gleneagles , Scotland . But the power to tax is
not limitless . If the structure of the proteins is conserved across species , where is our complexity coming from ? In short , urban public health needs to be reinvented . Moreover , the decision s relationship
’ with the available science would be clearer , and the inherently political dimensions more transparent . Second , the early success of “ China infrastructure ” was built on cheap land , capital , and
labor . Bush , however , cannot rely on that argument , for it is precisely the kind of justification that he rejects when it comes to destroying embryos in order to save , in the long run , those dying
from diseases for which we currently have no cure . Everywhere we look ( except , perhaps , in New Guinea ’ s deep valleys , where obscure tribes may remain isolated from one another ) , there are only
mixed cultures . NEW HAVEN Yes – , the United States dodged another bullet with a last-minute deal on the debt ceiling . Because the poor cannot buy adequate housing on their own , public resources must
be used . Barring a true negative supply-side shock , global stagflation is thus unlikely . Recent rises in oil , energy and other commodity prices reflect a variety of factors : The financial sector requires
tougher regulation , strengthened supervision , and internationally consistent resolution mechanisms to address the problems posed by very large , global institutions that are considered too big ( or too
complex ) to fail . We are likely to achieve the United Nations Millennium Development Goal of cutting TB prevalence and mortality in half by 2015 , from 1990 levels . It has neither reduced the cost of
space access nor made space flight safe and routine , as promised . Raúl Castro ’ s China Strategy What about the recent tariffs imposed by the United States on Chinese tires ? President Barack Obama s decision
’ to introduce steep duties ( set at 35 % in the first year ) in response to a US International Trade Commission ruling ( sought by US labor unions ) has been widely criticized as stoking the protectionist
fires . Health conditions are reasonably good , and all Latin American countries have made headway against illiteracy , with most reaching 90 % adult literacy or higher . Musharraf defends the military acquisitions
, claiming that they are economically efficient , and angrily dismisses criticism as the ranting of unpatriotic Pakistani pseudo-intellectuals . This election is particularly rich in lessons . Think about
the different effects of interest rates on debtors versus creditors . Rebuilding the EU s relations ’ with Ukraine and the other countries to the Union ’ s east would , however , also help shape relations
with Russia , which today is facing a series of strategic challenges : relations with the USSR s former republics ’ ; the proximity of a dynamic China ; the exposed emptiness of Siberia ; the future of
Central Asia ’ s energy resources , around which the nineteenth-century great game “ ” between Russia , China , India , and America is restarting . Moreover , the distortion to global markets caused by
trading in illegally , cheaply produced products results in disadvantages for responsible corporate citizens . At the same time , in order to ensure continued progress toward financial inclusion , representatives
from developing and emerging economies must play a greater role in shaping future standards . The Alliance for Financial Inclusion , a network of central bankers and financial policymakers from more than
80 developing countries , is already contributing to more effective and proportionate global regulation by facilitating increased engagement with SSBs . In the meantime , various NGOs , sometimes working
with hostile senate staff , will be parsing the public record to find some utterance by the nominee context – is often irrelevant – that suggests bad judgment or values . And , everywhere , it is likely
to be another year in which the gap between the haves and the have-nots will widen . Vendetta politics is not unknown in Libya , and , in an armed society comprising more than 120 tribes – including around
30 with significant numbers and resources – it can become extremely dangerous . The historian Ernest Renan , who pondered about national identity after France ’ s 1871 defeat in the Franco-Prussian War
, has defined the nation as a soul “ ” made up of two parts . But the prospects for a continuing reduction in world poverty in 2009 are not good . When it comes to politics , bilateral relations prevail
, and from that standpoint France and Germany seem more important than Great Britain . Improvements in lifestyle and related risk factors have contributed as well . At some point , Japan will face its own
Greek tragedy as the market charges sharply higher interest rates . Why is China , usually considered a continental power “ , ” engaging in this maritime expansion ? China dominated Asia in terms of “ sea
power ” until the seventeenth century . Indeed , during the Ming Dynasty ( 1368 1644 — ) , Admiral Zheng He ’ s “ Great Navy ” was the world s ’ most powerful . As a result , the research and development
program essentially paid for itself , and total discounted benefits for the $ 800 billion investment climbed to more than $ 2.1 trillion . Soaring oil and gas prices have made Russia more powerful , less
co-operative , and less interested in joining the West . Today , Europeans cannot even agree on the nature of the Russian regime , let alone what policy to adopt towards it . The breakdown of cross-border
bank lending thus represented a powerful negative shock for them . But , with current-account surpluses , renationalization of banking , by limiting the international transmission of financial shocks ,
can be a stabilizing force . Pulling away from dictators without trying to take credit for or hijack the revolt was exactly what was required . Now European countries finance 42 % of IMF lending and 62 %
of concessional World Bank lending . A high price was paid for that ignorance . Will we cut off some of our contacts with Russia , reconsider its membership of the G8 , or delay its entry to the WTO and
OECD ? Will we put to the side for the time being negotiations on a partnership and cooperation agreement between the EU and Russia ? They refuse to come to the aid of the destitute , and defend tax cuts
at every opportunity . Online scammers will have access to a new and perhaps more gullible audience . All nations must work together to revise our models for international cooperation in a way that incorporates
the global shift in economic power . Even if you become a democracy , we will always be suspicious . ” So what ? Trade is just one among the many linkages between the US and European economies that matter
. While the blame game will not solve global warming , the mounting panic could lead to a positive outcome if it means we re-consider our current approach . This is one of the great questions of our time
, relevant not only to China s future ’ , but to scores of other developing countries enthralled by China s extraordinary ’ , but still largely unexplained , success . When it comes to wishing for peace
in the Middle East virtually a New Year s tradition ­ – ’ – one needs to be careful . So many hopes have vanished in the bitter failure of so many negotiations . The first strategy is problematic because
it is unsustainable . The second is undesirable because it buys stability at the cost of growth . Deprived of legal capacity , he was prohibited from acting independently , or at all , in most areas of
life . The parties ’ rivalry is healthy , though there is a built-in tendency to seek solutions that command a broad social consensus . Unfortunately , this is not just a French or a German problem . The
US needs a plan for faster growth , not more deficit reduction . Northern PDP leaders , still pressuring the region ’ s large group of presidential contenders , including Babangida , to agree on who will
fight it out with Jonathan , are already looking beyond the primaries . They are threatening to take the northern vote to another party if they lose the PDP ticket . There are also well-known examples of
highly corrupt union pension funds , such as the one bilked for years by the leadership of the Teamsters . And now the gangs appear to be invading southern Mexico , because Central America ’ s repressive
policies have sent many gang members running north . The Murdoch experience is a microcosm of how modern globalization works . Murdoch always looked like a foreign intrusion into British life . Policies
do evolve as conditions change and as we learn from experience . Alcohol policy in Sweden , the Volkswagen-law in Germany , and discrimination against foreign investment funds in France are examples of
cases that made the Commission unpopular . But they were necessary . Look at Chile , where General Pinochet may at last face trial . The remaining Russian lands would then have no other choice but to attach
themselves to Ukraine , which should by then have become a successful member of the European Union . Political leadership calls for vision and courage . A late-evening meeting of most opposition parties
in Lahore on January 16 rejected Qadri ’ s demands , while telling the government to stay the course toward the general election . If they do Serbia will sail on - slowly , without spectacular successes
, in a disorderly way , but peacefully and in the right direction . The IMF should stick to supporting countries with temporary external-financing problems ; a wealthy creditor region that refuses to address
its institutional contradictions is not a deserving case . The way to achieve these goals is not to run larger deficits , which merely imply higher taxes tomorrow , but to cut spending in other parts of
the budget . Such interventions are called " dirty floating , " but they are an essential tool of monetary policy . If you cannot be Silicon Valley , then why not create a mini-Wall Street ? All they need
is time to write the code . And so , still , is China , ruled by engineers and other faceless technocrats . But the costs are too high to be impulsive , and the storms of political Islam are difficult to
forecast . Gilani extended another invitation to Singh to visit Pakistan . NEW YORK – The Greek euro tragedy is reaching its final act : it is clear that either this year or next , Greece is highly likely
to default on its debt and exit the eurozone . But what is the best way to interpret the change in the holding duration for policymaking purposes ? For 90 % of the shareholders , nothing has changed and
their holding period has not shortened . He did not ask for money ; he was only interested in updating his records . Until US households make greater progress in reducing excessive debt loads and rebuilding
personal savings a process – that could take many more years if it continues at its recent snail-like pace – a balance-sheet-constrained US economy will remain hobbled by exceedingly slow growth . Hanoi
's officials , too , resent that investors fly to their city to get approval for deals , only to do business in the South . So , at least at first , there seemed to have been some intention on the government
’ s part to open up the process – if not completely , then somewhat . NATO , for the first time , has intervened in the internal affairs of another country . In short , this pact with its excrescence had
an enormous impact on the history of our region , right up to this day . But that does not mean that Bernanke is prepared to ensure that healthy economic growth continues in the US in the coming years and
provide the kind of leadership that the world needs . By the standards of what is generally understood today , he will do a good job . Can they manage the flow of information and ideas through the blogosphere
as online activists open yet another front in their battle for free information ? I posed other hypotheticals , now directly related to international trade . Six decades ago , when most men smoked , British
doctors linked smoking to lung cancer , making it the first disease to be causally linked to smoking . Simon Kuznets , one of the twentieth century ’ s great economists , was a pioneer of human-capital
theory . Not long before he died , Kuznets recommended to a young colleague that one ought study the role of Jews in economic life . If , in the long run , a supra-national unit , the Special Drawing Right
, is to replace national currencies in international use , then the Fund will need to guide its development . Above all , we should be patient . What if Europe and America found each other at odds over some
future conflict in the Balkans ? The euro zone ’ s less competitive economies are tethered to monetary policy ( interest rates ) set by the ECB , but pursue diverse approaches to bank bailouts and fiscal
stimulus . Poetry , by South Korean director Lee Chang-Dong , also deals with a family reconciling themselves through pain to a prior conflict . For Israel , security is the top priority ; for Palestinians
, what matters most is an end to Israeli occupation . Israel cannot afford a second Gaza in the West Bank and East Jerusalem ; for the Palestinians , a state with an ongoing Israeli military presence would
be worthless . “ How can that possibly be true ? ” they ask . “ After all , we are talking about the end of the world . Second , the Labor party has proven politically bankrupt , with its only conceivable
leader being the 82-year-old Shimon Peres and its anachronistic dovish optimism the source of much ridicule . As a result – and helped by low voter turnout – the party s leadership ’ primary was won by
Amir Peretz , an outsider and populist who wants to revitalize Labor by putting social and economic issues at the forefront , which means withdrawing from the national unity coalition with Likud . Reversing
this trend is not only in America s interest ’ , but also in the world s interest ’ . The ultimate prize is a clean-energy technology that is within reach and that could provide the basis for a safe , secure
, and sustainable energy future . The big questions left unanswered are how far Obama wants to push the US toward a European-style social-welfare state , how he intends to pay for it , and how much long-term
economic damage will result ? The second change is that , after almost two decades of striving for a workable political system dominated by the center-left and center-right parties , Italy is experiencing
a remarkable dispersion of forces . Japan slipped from 80th place in the World Economic Forum s gender-gap rankings ’ in 2006 to 98th in 2011 , a worrying sign that a critical opportunity is being missed
. For women in the workplace , Japan remains the Saudi Arabia of the developed world . Putin himself once blamed the West for trying to channel Muslim radicalism toward Russia . But striking the proper balance
is challenging . But , in the near term , what they promise is primarily tax cuts : their entire practical program is front-loaded in that direction . But perhaps Europeans should reverse the process : what
do Americans think is wrong with Europe ? Likewise , the ongoing development of topical microbicides offers the hope of empowering women to protect themselves from HIV infection when using condoms or refusing
sexual intercourse is not feasible . But he found no support for his position among the eight other Supreme Court judges . This knowledge penetrates every moment of our lives . Media in vita in morte sumus
- in the midst of life , we are surrounded by death--went a medieval song . The hotly debated question nowadays is whether the transition to higher mandatory reserves would involve excessive short-term
costs ( as banks will likely increase lending spreads and reduce credit volumes ) . The current period of relative calm coincides with the approach of Germany ’ s federal election in 2013 , in which the
incumbent chancellor , Angela Merkel , will be running as the woman who saved the euro . Superficially this looks about right to close the output gap – if it is spent this year . The nationalist government
that followed , which established the Republic of China , also failed to address the tension between centralization and fragmentation – what the macro-historian Ray Huang called China ’ s “ mathematical
unmanageability . ” Indeed , it never developed the property-rights infrastructure or the monetary and fiscal policies needed in a family-dominated agrarian economy with an elite-run government . Hamas
Rising The coming years or even months are likely to see new forms of these domino effects . As in 1848 , the struggle for affordable food is producing discontent that transcends national frontiers , threatens
established regimes , and fuels popular demand for a more just political order . Again , someone needs to tell Obama that imports create jobs , too , and that his emphasis on promoting US exports alone
is bad economics . STOCKHOLM State-sponsored multiculturalism – has failed . Yet the six governments seem determined to continue with what has been their strategy so far . But they have forgotten how it all
started : guaranteed demand , which stimulates the most ambitious kind of innovation . Furthermore , collateral especially real-estate assets – – will continue to be downgraded . Rather , sidewalks are close
relatives of parks and plazas . World leaders need to take this timeless wisdom to heart . And that applies doubly to Europeans . China s environmental problems , complex ’ as the causes may be , can ultimately
be attributed to our understanding of Marxism . On the political front , the US faces a near-complete legislative stalemate , with no sign of a compromise that could lead to the optimal policy mix : short-term
support to boost effective demand and long-term structural reforms and fiscal consolidation . In Europe , Greece has been able – so far – to maintain a parliamentary majority in support of the coalition
government , but there , and elsewhere , hyper-populist parties are gaining ground . Prices per acre of farmland in Iowa and Illinois rose more than 10 % over the past year . And the recent release of the
US Federal Reserve Board s minutes ’ , which indicate support for another round of quantitative easing , caused sharp jumps in the prices of gold , silver , platinum , and other metals . For entirely domestic
reasons , each country is manipulating the history of a devastating war , triggering passions that can only cause more damage . Although the pressure from financial markets has moderated , for now , a long-term
resolution to the crisis remains an existential priority for the EU . The task now is not to seek an illusory endgame . Commercial banks , investment banks , and hedge funds all owe their ongoing trouble
to its decline , which in turn is jeopardizing the plans of companies and entrepreneurs to launch enterprises and make investments , and of households to consume . There is a perennial temptation to focus
on – even to overemphasize – the short-term , tactical drivers of commodity-price movements , at the expense of giving longer-term , structural factors their due . While short-term factors – for example
, political instability , weather-related disruptions , and speculative activity – are important determinants of prices , they tell only part of the story . On the economic track , the structural crisis
and eventual reform of the Russian economy are at the center of Western concerns . But neither is likely to turn into a full-fledged crisis . The share of Americans who say that they are in the lower-middle
or lower class has risen from a quarter of the adult population in 2008 to around a third today . For banks to start lending again , even more intervention may be needed . 9 . Don t ’ neglect the teachable
moment . In the developing world , swine flu ( so far ) is much less serious than many endemic health threats , and the main risk-communication goal should be to help people get through their adjustment
reaction , take precautions that are feasible , and refocus on other priorities . What role should the alliance play in the future ? Until Africans recognize the value of their history , their cultures artistic
output ’ will continue to be up for grabs . Asia s Threesome Turns Four ’ Some people work harder , apply their intelligence more skillfully , or simply have been lucky enough to be in the right place at
the right time . But I don ’ t see what alternative political-economic arrangements could make individuals relative wealth closely correspond ’ to their relative moral or other merit . The animal spirits
“ ” that Keynes identified generations ago remain with us today . Acknowledging that rating agencies were incompetent without doing anything to regulate them was inexcusable . Yet it has the lowest rate
of university attendance in Western Europe . Some continue to struggle economically , but none is abjectly poor – and some are booming . According to a common means of assessment , educating a scientific
specialist at a high level costs approximately $ 1million dollars . Thus , one Russian institute alone subsidized America with scientists with a nominal value of $ 1.5billion ! Nigeria has been Exhibit
A of corporate environmental impunity . Call this mechanism a type of kinetic form of SDIH . Success is measured by one s salary ’ . In fact , the latest overview of global wildfire incidence suggests that
, because humans have suppressed fire and decreased vegetation density , fire intensity has declined over the past 70 years , and is now close to its preindustrial level . Israel ’ s failure to subdue Hezbollah
demonstrates the many weaknesses of the war-on-terror concept . The East Asian financial crisis of 1997-1998 was sharp but short and quickly cured once the IMF realized that feckless governments were not
the problem and then United States Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin parachuted the New York banks into South Korea s economy ’ . Now , in the post-Arafat era , Palestinians must choose one of several strategies
. In China , total public debt currently amounts to roughly 60-70 % of GDP – a manageable burden . Enhancement technologies like deep-brain stimulation Botox – “ for the brain ” – promote the idea that you
have a duty to be the best me “ ” possible . The IMF is on much weaker ground , however , in thinking that its one-size-fits-all global tax system will somehow level the playing field internationally .
It won ’ t . The effort to avoid the harm of flawed compensation decisions in the future should not be deterred by speculative arguments about unintended consequences . In 2011 , the US faces a likely double
dip in the housing market , high unemployment and weak job creation , a persistent credit crunch , gaping budgetary holes at the state and local level , and steeper borrowing costs as a result of the federal
government s lack ’ of fiscal consolidation . Who could have said with certainty that the economic upturn announced by Hollande was real rather than aspirational ? Given today ’ s exceptionally low long-term
interest rates , the annual cost would be , well , peanuts . But the facts show otherwise . In the past the most dangerous anti-Semites were those who sought to make the world Judenrein , free of Jews . The
combination of faster household-spending growth and the existing level of exports would cause production bottlenecks and strain capacity , leading to faster increases in the prices of domestically produced
goods . Nineteenth-century British imperialists used that term to describe the British-Russian struggle for mastery in Afghanistan and Central Asia . The Bush Administration argues that , because the Cold
War is over , the formal disappearance of the ABM Treaty would not mean a loss of nuclear stability . The Banking Act – and the experience that prompted it – made clear that the Fed had an obligation to
use those powers . We now stand at the end of the peace process as we have known it . The expected new power of Democrats in Congress puts Gore at a disadvantage . A jailed intifada leader , Marwan Barghouti
, was among the highest elected new leaders to the central committee , the movement ’ s executive body . Weak protagonists make poor participants in peace negotiations . But , after decades of bloodshed
, repression , and criminalization , things have begun to move in the right direction . For more than 20 years , the world s major capitalist economies ’ have been led to borrow heavily and unabashedly
, in large by a new rule , adopted worldwide beginning in the 1970 s ’ and 1980 s ’ , that tied monetary policy to targets for price growth . This dangerous idea – proposed in France by Jacques Rueff in
1958 , adopted throughout Europe over the following two decades , and extended to the European Central Bank – was intended to limit the tendency of capitalist economies to aggravate inflation as soon as
they hit full employment . China recognizes , too , that what separates less developed from more developed countries is not only a gap in resources , but also a gap in knowledge . So it has laid out bold
plans not only to reduce that gap , but to create a basis for independent innovation . Complementary national policies and international agreements will require careful scientific and economic analysis
and thoughtful choices . Ukraine , a country of 47 million people , has seen itself as a prospective EU candidate since 2004 , when the Orange Revolution forced the country s rulers ’ to respect election
rules . Japan ’ s leaders must recognize that the mindlessness with which they still treat the sensitivities of societies that suffered from Japanese imperialism in the twentieth century is as morally deaf
as it is strategically damaging . But this process of realization is more likely to succeed if Japan does not feel it stands with its back against a wall . While recognizing the challenges in designing
policies to address such problems , there is an urgent need to move beyond rhetoric . Collective efforts by the international community , national governments , and civil society , including the private
sector , are required to meet the employment challenge in the twenty-first century . Efficiency and equity require that this tax be levied on a broad base , harmonized at the EU level , and set at a modest
rate . Good governance requires that individual member states and the European Union s institutions ’ fulfill their responsibilities . Much of the poor majority of the world is mired in a vicious circle
of disease , poverty , and political instability . At first sight , this might seem like another dispute between economists and non-economists , but the rift runs within , rather than between , disciplinary
boundaries . For example , recent work with field experiments and randomized controlled trials ( RCTs ) , which has caught on like wildfire among development economists , lies strictly in the tradition
of bottom-up development . Why is globalization so at risk ? The absence of such a structure of peace has been obscured , to some extent , by America s dominant role ’ in Asia since the Pacific War . But
China s rise ’ and America ’ s other global and domestic concerns have left many Asians wondering just how enduring those commitments will be in the future . Regardless of whether some in the United States
encouraged Saakashvili , he did not expect – but he should have – the hyper-charged reaction “ ” from Russia . Through the use of so-called false-flag espionage “ ” and other methods , attacks can be routed
through the computers of a third country . Just as some Chinese pharmaceutical firms exported to Africa spurious medicines with “ Made in India ” labels – a fact admitted by the Chinese government – some
Chinese hackers are known to have routed their cyber intrusion through computers in Russia , Iran , Cuba , and other countries . That has been the state of the debate – until recently . In Africa , resource-rich
countries like Congo , Angola , and Sudan have been devastated by civil wars . This tolerant posture gave way to war in Chechnya in 1994 , but the armistice of 1996 , which de facto recognized Chechnya
's independence , gave rise to new hopes of a better future . It was New Year s Eve ’ 2003 , during a concert at the newly opened House of Music in Moscow . At the same time , it is important to prevent
mineral wealth from causing unwarranted currency appreciation – the dreaded Dutch disease “ . ” Hamas was taken by surprise when Israel attacked , killing its military leader , Ahmed al-Jabari , and destroying
most of its Fajr-5 arsenal . Indeed , there are good reasons for believing that the Tea Party movement in the United States , connected as it is with the economic disaster that followed Lehman s collapse
’ , is one of the channels of the energy released by the crisis . Winning the Transition If China ’ s naval growth continues at its current pace , it may have the world s largest naval force ’ by 2020 . The
US Federal Reserve has had to carry out a difficult balancing act : with no sign of inflation on the horizon – and at least some risk of deflation – it has maintained low interest rates even as credit
conditions have eased . Alexis de Toqueville claimed that unfulfilled hopes lie at the basis of every revolution , that every revolution is engendered by disillusion caused by exaggerated expectations . It
is a reduced entity , increasingly aware that it can no longer be the center of the world , if only because of its shrinking demographic weight . Indeed , he was not a political figure until now , serving
in the military during the Islamic Republic s first decade ’ and spending the last two mostly in the Supreme National Security Council . When Ahmadinejad came to power , Rowhani lost his position as the
Council s secretary ’ , but became Khamenei ’ s personal representative to it – a post that he has held until now . Part of the reason for Berlusconi s ’ longevity despite his many stumbles is cultural
. As in other Latin or Mediterranean countries with a strong Catholic tradition , Italian society long ago learned to accept serenely a life of duplicity : on the one hand , a strong attachment to church
and family values , and on the other a second life – often lived in plain sight composed – of mistresses and other dubious connections “ ” . On the other hand , it crowds out virtues that have no economic
utility , like heroism , honor , generosity , and pity . If Brown offers more of the same , he will lose . So far , the good offices of the Norwegian government have failed to produce an agreement on the
key question of the post-independence distribution of oil revenues between North and South . First , a global monetary system based on precious metals does not resolve the fundamental imbalances of a global
economic system . Foreign central banks are suffering capital losses on their unthinking investments . Just as cheap mortgage financing papered over the cracks of growing income inequality in the United
States , cheap capital from the north accelerated Europe ’ s apparent economic convergence . And those new oil and gas deals will buttress both economies . A group of well-known nationalist intellectuals
, including film director Nikita Mikhalkov , artist Ilya Glazunov , and writers Valentin Rasputin and Vasily Belov , weighed in with a petition calling the exhibition a " new stage of conscious Satanism
. " A World Restored ? Communist police disappeared from the main streets of Warsaw , yet the streets became models of order . Rating the Raters That may work in the short term , but if sovereign default risks
materialize – as my research with Carmen Reinhart suggests is likely – the ECB will in turn have to be recapitalized . While official spin control “ ” is in full throttle , a growing number of thoughtful
analysts are voicing concern that facile caricatures do not serve Thailand ’ s interests . All want to take part in the growth and solidarity of a Europe where democracy and respect are the ruling civic
concepts , not brute military power . And the message is clear : large-scale use of oil , coal , and gas is threatening the biology and chemistry of the planet . The key to securing dynamic gains was a credible
commitment to a new pricing regime--possibly complemented with compensatory programs--that would have made it worthwhile for farmers , entrepreneurs , and workers to undertake costly investments . So ,
given that Chinese growth , too , is slowing , the world economy seems destined to crawl along the bottom for some time yet , with unemployment rising in some countries to 20 % or more . The United Nations
reckons that if economic reconstruction fails in terms of promoting dynamism and inclusion , countries in the transition to peace have an even chance of reverting to war . By replacing Erdoğan as party
leader , the AKP could dissociate itself from his Islamization campaign and rehabilitate its potential as a democratic political force . International bankers estimate that roughly two-thirds of Chinese
reserves have been invested in dollar assets . Once academic research is defined as a marketable good and treated as intellectual property , the traditional forms of dissemination , such as publication
in academic journals and presentations at conferences , continue , although a new set of conditions applies , with China recently demanded that the US reduce its emissions by 40 % from its 1990 baseline
levels and subsidize emission reduction efforts in China and other developing countries to the tune of .05-1 % of America s GDP ’ . Likewise , an Islamic democracy with restrictions on non-religious parties
would be a mockery of democracy and harmful to Islam . This would also be unrealistic , because in the current age of globalization , any claims to democracy would be exposed as obviously false . Everyone
nowadays seems obsessed about the question as to whether or not Islam can be reconciled with modernization . But it is equally obvious that Hu , the sphinx-like apparatchik in whom Chinese and Western liberals
alike had once invested hope , is unlikely to deliver the more open and humane China that they thought he had promised . China under Hu has perhaps found its development model : a form of Leninist capitalism
with no aspirations toward a more democratic form of governance . Over the past two years , a project that our organization undertook with police forces and civil-society groups in Hungary and Spain found
that , when stops were systematically monitored and data publicly reported , the proportion of stops that produced an arrest or other law-enforcement outcome actually increased . What is NATO against ,
the Russians ask ? Thus , it is not a good idea to run persistent current-account deficits and become dependent on ( temporarily ) low-cost foreign capital . Email and other technological developments now
also play an increasing role . “ Iran s contribution ’ will be very important in bringing this about . ” Paul Samuelson admits that he agreed to do a conference at Amherst with the sole aim of recruiting
Phelps to MIT . Their ability to do so confirms that Iran is not a closed totalitarian state like North Korea . But economic research convincingly shows that while subsidies can buy extra jobs , they eventually
have to be financed with increased taxes , costing an equal number of jobs elsewhere . During a ten-day period in September 1854 , during which more than 500 Londoners died from the disease , Snow used
a city map to mark the location of each household with a case of cholera . He determined that Londoners who drank from one particular water source were at the highest risk for the disease , and he recommended
removal of the handle from the pump supplying drinking water from that source . The cultural orientation of bureaucrats and teachers is deeply anti-market , anti-risk taking and in love with the status
quo . In the end , after test flights with no passengers aboard had shown no engine damage , and aircraft engine manufacturers told aviation authorities that their engines could operate safely with a low
level of ash in the atmosphere , Europe s skies ’ were reopened . Pleas for action on climate change reflect fears that global warming might undermine agricultural production , especially in the developing
world . But global agricultural / economic models indicate that even under the most pessimistic assumptions , global warming would reduce agricultural production by just 1.4 % by the end of the century
. In practice , however , financial means in the form of assets or regular income are uniformly required from all immigrants , regardless of their individual characteristics . MADRID – With three nominees
now in the running to become the World Bank ’ s next president Nigerian Finance Minister Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala – , former Colombian Finance Minister José Antonio Ocampo , and the United States nominee ’
, Dartmouth College President Jim Yong Kim this – is the moment to step back and assess the Bank s trajectory ’ . The resulting surge of money into emerging markets has meant that even finance ministers
and central-bank governors who are ideologically opposed to intervening believe that they have no choice but to do so . In April , on his first foreign trip following his inauguration , Lee traveled to
the US . And Hu himself dined with Obama twice during his two-day stay in Beijing – a gesture never made to any visiting foreign leader , including Obama s predecessor ’ , George W. Bush . In the end , technology
, too , may help to overcome the population objection , by providing new sources of energy that do not increase our carbon footprint . The growth strategy will include targeting industries like regenerative
medicine , with greater spending , for example , on cell research conducted by Nobel laureate Shinya Yamanaka ; it will also feature policies aimed at leveraging the power of women , who are underrepresented
in the work force , particularly when compared to other modern economies . We should try to imagine a world in which the Jamie Dimons and Newt Gingriches struggle daily to stay focused on their high-pressure
jobs , while torrents of comment and attention are devoted to how hot and well-dressed “ ” they are , or alternatively , how out of shape , middle-aged , and sexually unappealing they are . For every dollar
that it is giving to the Global Fund , the Bush Administration is committing $ 350 to Iraq . But a best-case scenario provides a poor policy framework in our imperfect world . “ Do you know who most wants
to open the seminary in this country , ” he loudly asked . “ The Islamists ! The California legislature has been controlled by the Democratic Party for decades , and it takes its cue from its party ’ s
most powerful special interests : public-employee unions , environmentalists , trial lawyers , and teachers unions ’ . Opponents point out that that is exactly the problem , because the ECB s mandate ’
is more limited than the Fed s ’ . Given other North Korean institutions apparent indifference ’ to the mess that the Kims have made of their country , there seems scant chance of any serious change of
course being initiated from within . The hard truth is that in many cases both the briber and the bribed are corrupt . With a flood of recent boat arrivals , fear of more drownings , and national politics
becoming even more of a blood sport than usual , Australia s government ’ finally found a circuit-breaker : a report by a panel of experts comprising a former defense chief , a foreign affairs department
head , and a refugee advocate . They claim to manage conflicts of interest ; but we see that they may manage them for their own interests . So creating new divisions between big and small , have and have
nots , and then trying to subsume them in a one-size-fits-all federalism may only revive all that Europe sought to avoid through its democratic integration . America ’ s New Trade Hypocrisy Fourth , many
cash-strapped developing countries fear that social safety nets , once put in place , may become fiscally unsustainable , owing to a sudden loss of export revenue , poor harvests , or sharp increases in
prices for food imports . The new Global Fund to Fight AIDS , Tuberculosis , and Malaria , which was initiated by U.N. Secretary General Kofi Annan earlier this year and will begin operation in 2002 , can
be a critical mechanism here . For example , in the 1980 s ’ , millions of Yemeni men worked in the Kingdom . So , as global economic growth continues , and as household incomes rise in today ’ s most populous
emerging countries , demand – and thus prices – for vacation homes in beautiful places , either at home or abroad , will most likely soar . The consensus simply does not exist . In many cases , lower-ranking
officials , or even someone outside government , might be more effective . Shockingly , he declared that he did not know who really won . The EU observers also announced that the election tally had not
met basic international standards . Instead , it is the financial crisis . Thatcherism s second success ’ was to weaken trade unions . Of course , the bitterness of Sino-Japanese relations since the end of
WWII helps set the stage for such nationalist outbursts , but the roots of China 's rage go deeper . Given this history , it is a bit shabby to reproach China now for its exchange-rate policy – a policy
that enabled the US to live beyond its means for so long . The flaws in the NBU s policy ’ are so obvious it will be forced to free the exchange rate , but it might act too late . Yes , the French are incorrigible
lovers of the welfare state ( they are not the only ones ) . Is justice for the victims and perpetrators of Saddam 's crimes any less important for separating Iraq 's past from the present and the future
? The world s power centers ’ are beginning to counterbalance each other , undermining hegemonic ambitions and heralding a creative instability based on genuine multipolarity , with people gaining greater
freedom to define their fate in the global arena . But most people don ’ t believe that the stock market will perform so well in the future . Help would also be extended to settle the Palestinian refugees
, whether in Palestine , other Arab countries , or , in special cases where Israel agrees for humanitarian reasons , in Israel itself . High oil prices have helped him rebuild and centralize the strong
state that “ ” was his goal from the outset of his presidency . Most of these institutions are doing the wrong job , and all of them need fixing . At present , the US accounts for half of all global military
expenditures , but cuts are due . What Thaksin did for the poor required only political self-interest . The military parade , dominated by the celebration of “ victory ” in Mali and the joint participation
of African and United Nations troops , had the perfection of a gracious , albeit muscular , ballet . Indeed , beyond the loaded language lie fundamental questions that have yet to be answered convincingly
. The lesson is a simple one : Don ’ t try to build another Silicon Valley . Instead , build a Demand Mountain , and the innovators will come . Koizumi slashed a large portion of the budgets for public works
and abandoned the rural population , which depended on a variety of redistributive schemes . Instead , Koizumi appealed to an electoral majority comprising urban and suburban swing voters . Bush ’ s Latest
Blunder These interests are not mutually exclusive and can be summarized as follows : Israel s security ’ , Palestinian statehood , Lebanon s sovereignty ’ and Syria ’ s territorial integrity . So the question
is : which alternative policies could allow them to meet this goal ? The answer to that question consists in more food production globally , more and stronger social safety nets , more food aid , and ,
possibly , larger food reserves . Indeed , for ten years , north-to-south income transfers and lending financed excessive aggregate demand , making the eurozone seem stable . As markets underpriced risk
in order to lend to increasingly indebted countries , pressure on interest rates diminished . It is a panorama that is increasingly characteristic of modern-day Africa . Abe can only set the tone , not dictate
outcomes . Indeed , the model blew up even before Bush left office . He was impeached in 1981 , after only a year in power , and fled to France , where he continues to reside . Then there is the effect of
memory on today s animal spirits ’ . Since 1997 , the computers have only gotten better , to the point where computer programmers no longer find beating humans a great challenge . Worker Protests In China
: Plentiful But Preempted But not all of the extra output produced over the next decade will remain in the US . France likes to showcase its nuclear power industry , which supplies 78 % of the country ’
s electricity . And , while the new government settles in and establishes its priorities , the West , especially the United States , must reassess the impact of its past dealings with Pakistan . Today ,
Turkmenistan refuses to cooperate with Russia . Nonetheless , some aspects of Chinese behavior remain unsettling and complicate our relationship . In the late 1990 s ’ and the early years of this decade
, the problems that incited fears of a dysfunctional state seemed to fade . But over the past 18 months , the specter of Weimar has once again begun to haunt Russia . Compared to the beginning of 2009 ,
we are now dealing with a significantly different EU one – that has become divided between a vanguard of member states that form the eurozone and a rearguard , consisting of member states that remain outside
it . At the same time , regulatory regimes have been toughened everywhere to prevent banks from jeopardizing the financial system again . Sometimes the transplant works well enough , but it does not address
the central problem : What is the nature of the information conveyed between each level , and how is it conveyed ? But if Europe s performance ’ continues to decline , would this perception survive ? Perhaps
Asians would then come to regard the European model as a political version of Venice a place – to visit with nostalgia for its past glory and admiration for its museum-like quality . If the requirements
of reciprocity and publicity are applied to the current plans to invade Iraq , the implications are clear . My own sarcastic reaction was to think , “ Oh , now the IMF thinks that some of the core eurozone
countries are a default risk . ” WASHINGTON , DC – When the Bourbon monarchy was restored in 1815 , the French diplomat Talleyrand is reported to have said of the Bourbons : “ They have learned nothing
and forgotten nothing . ” Ten years after the start of the Iraq War , the question is whether anyone Americans – , Iraqis , Iranians , other Arab states – has learned anything from this terrible experience
. Few could be described as wholehearted ideologues . The road toward peace rather than ceasefire in Lebanon precludes the EU s participation ’ in America ’ s emerging containment strategy “ ” vis-à-vis
Iran , at least in its current form , which is based on organizing the resistance of Sunni states to Shia influence . With the property market booming , prospective capital gains promised untold wealth
. At the EU s autumn summit ’ , British Prime Minister Gordon Brown , German Chancellor Angela Merkel , and French President Nicolas Sarkozy agreed in a joint statement that more transparency is needed
in financial markets . For him , the attempted Christmas Day bombing was a gift from heaven . Saleh s dilemma ’ is that Western aid may now come with increased interference in Yemen s internal affairs ’
at a time when he wants the world to turn a blind eye to his conduct of the country s civil wars ’ . In fact , it needs to be part of a more comprehensive effort aiming at empowering and giving civil rights
to women - 50 % of the people that live in societies where the practice is carried out . The answer depends on whether the priority for protection is birds and beaches , or other forms of marine life such
as fish , shrimps , and mollusks . The price of oil , corrected for inflation , in the last decade has not increased , and , despite all the ``oil shocks'' the world has seen, its price has, on average,
oscillated around a price not much different from today's prevailing price. But a society s decision ’ to waive punishment for human rights violators is not necessarily a sign that its moral awareness remains
stunted . A return to armed conflict may be impossible – at least for now given – NATO s military presence ’ in Kosovo ( though it will be halved in the next few months to only 5,000 troops ) . But the
lack of effort on all sides to find a lasting compromise to the dispute over Kosovo s ’ independence threatens to undermine much of the progress made in the Western Balkans towards stability and democracy
. According to China s National Audit Office ’ ( NAO ) , these LFPs ’ total borrowing amounts to RMB10.7 trillion , of which 79.1 % is bank loans . But it is equally true that China s local-government debt
’ has so far been manageable , and there is no reason to believe that all of it is bad . If European banks had enough capital , a reduction in the value of Greek and other debt would reduce shareholder
equity and disappoint investors , but it would not cause a banking crisis . The mantra of “ opportunity found in crisis ” has been uttered endlessly over the course of the Deepwater Horizon disaster . Obama
s proposal ’ is an important , honest , and politically courageous document . It is the repository of cutting-edge sustainable technologies , pioneering research and development , world-class management
, and leadership in environmental sustainability . Yet at the same time , the corporate sector lobbies aggressively to gut environmental regulations , slash corporate-tax rates , and avoid their own responsibility
for ecological destruction . In an era of growing concern about religious fundamentalism , liberal democratic institutions must reaffirm their role in protecting individual rights for all . And , in order
to enable the full enjoyment of our freedoms – be they of worship or scientific research the state – must reassert its secular nature . Wars have beginnings and ends . Indeed , throughout the 1990s , despite
rising output , deflation occurred , which means that India 's potential output is expanding . Of course , such off-label uses “ ” of innovations in development finance do not discredit them . The best model
of corporate governance to produce strong and lasting economic performance remains to be found . Haiti recalls a famous lament once heard about another US neighbor , Mexico : “ So far from God and so close
to the United States . ” As with Mexico , Haiti s proximity ’ to the US has cut both ways in its history . Arguably , the best legacy Anwar might eventually leave Malaysia would not be what he can achieve
for the UMNO and the National Front , but what role he might play in entrenching a contest of ideas into Malaysian politics – a project he has shown himself keen to promote . The economic boost provided
from such a partnership is badly needed on both sides of the Atlantic . But where does one start ? If global prosperity is to return , America 's economic luck will have to be even better than it was in
the 1990s . How to help Africa meet this challenge – including by learning from the lessons of past success – will be the goal of a major conference sponsored by the IMF and President Jakaya Kikwete of
Tanzania , to be held in Dar-es-Salaam this March . Indeed , a 1986 book by a futurist named K. Eric Drexler , Engines of Creation : The Coming Era of Nanotechnology , argues that the way to manipulate
things with atomic precision is with nano-scale machines . Once you see your own digital reflection , will you improve your behavior ? ( Surely you are not already perfect ? ) It has now reached the agenda
of some African governments and the African Union . Young people don t know ’ , because most parents have shut up about it , lest they get themselves and their children in trouble , and because the subject
is never mentioned in the official Chinese media ; it is a taboo . Websites mentioning the events of 1989 are closed down . The government forcibly rescheduled the public debt holdings of these funds ,
known locally as AFJP . The West overlooked authoritarian tendencies as long as Russia s problems ’ were not exported . But even this monolithic system of control is porous . Qaddafi frequently farmed out
power to municipalities and citizens in an attempt to bypass the civil servants who consistently thwarted his grandiose plans . The Specter of Global Stagflation How legitimate is this model ? Yet we cannot
decide whether this build-up is menacing . But letting questionable banks gradually recapitalize themselves and resolving the bad debt later perhaps – with European Brady Bonds ( zero-coupon bonds which
in the 1990 s ’ enabled US banks and Latin American countries to agree to partial write-downs ) – won ’ t work if the losses are too large or the recovery is too fragile . Nothing prevents that – except
for the fact that he is physically in custody . ” ’ A late summer night ’ s dream ? Perhaps . Denied their Iraqi and Afghan bases by Western intervention , al-Qaeda militants are now flocking into Syria
from Libya and Iraq , and are probably responsible for some of the recent terrorist atrocities in Aleppo and Homs . Al-Qaeda s move ’ to the Levant also threatens to spark a momentous confrontation between
Sunni radicals – some of whom have recently taken control of part of the Syrian-Lebanese border – and the Shia Hezbollah in Lebanon . In fact , Prokhorov has much to offer his country . Admission or postponement
are both legitimate decisions . But each will require considerable early efforts to reduce their fall-out . The net effect of all these changes , Pogge calculates , is that , whereas world leaders pledged
in 1996 that by 2015 they would reduce the number of undernourished people to no more than 828 million , now they are pledging only to reduce the number in extreme poverty to 1.324 billion . Since extreme
poverty is responsible for about one-third of all human deaths , this difference effectively means that – if the final promise is actually honored – each year about six million more people will die from
poverty-related causes than would have died had the original promise made in Rome been kept . The global financial and economic crisis may also be a catalyst for promoting Europe s vision ’ of a new world
order . The EU vision of a capitalist economy harnessed to social progress and subject to regulation , rather than laissez-faire , is growing in influence . Soon after , our office workers were detained
, and Hailu Shawel , Chairman of the CUD , and senior CUD official Lidetu Ayalew were put under house arrest . Arab writers and artists invited to Saddam-sponsored cultural events would invariably find
a pleasant surprise when opening brief cases distributed as presents--wads of dollars would be stuffed inside . For favored supporters , the rewards could be much greater : mansions , luxurious apartments
, the latest cars . With short-term deposit rates close to zero and long-term rates at around 2 % the Fed is earning a nice carry , “ ” equal to about 2 % per year on bond purchases totaling roughly $ 1.5
trillion over the course of its quantitative easing , or about $ 30 billion . That sounds a lot like what many advanced countries have been going through , after financial-crisis-induced austerity plans
were launched , doesn ’ t it ? Obviously , it would not resolve the conflict ; it might not even immediately change the situation on the ground . For example , US President Barack Obama s election four years
’ ago revived hope that negotiations would resume . But Obama ’ s peace envoy , George Mitchell , resigned , and the quartet ( the United Nations , the European Union , Russia , and the United States )
was sidelined . As a result , their policies merely ended up eliminating Iran s two major regional rivals ’ : the Taliban and Saddam Hussein s regime ’ . It is as if three decades after China s opening ’
“ , ” nothing has changed in the Party s way ’ of thinking and ruling . Will the Court , then , decide on the workings of the Czech education system itself ? Or will it follow Judge Barreto , who calls
for recognition of an obligation to adopt affirmative action policies aimed at benefiting Romanies ? On March 9 , 1953 , from the Gulf of Finland to the Bering Sea , everything stood still ; likewise in
Warsaw , Budapest , Prague , and East Berlin . Either way , such policies will exacerbate the downturn . China has the resources to cope with the current financial crisis . Foreign exchange reserves are
an immense $ 1.9 trillion . Even so , Argentina went bankrupt , because wealthy Argentines had spirited their assets out of the country , and thus out of the reach of the government , while poor Argentines
refused to pay the taxes needed to satisfy foreign creditors claims ’ . Worse , the mines displacement ’ of residents , underpayment of workers , and environmental damage have generated resentment in local
communities , which is likely to grow in the future . But as the current UN mission in Lebanon ( UNIFIL ) well knows , defending yourself is not the same as protecting yourself from hostile fire in the
first place . The rate of return on their portfolio holdings from September 1994 to December 2002 is around 9.5 % per year in real terms , which appears more than reasonable by any account . For every authoritarian
country that has managed to grow rapidly , there are several that have floundered . Globalization s dynamism ’ has benefited many , but it has also increased inequality . There can be no doubt that the West
s military mastery and economic edge ’ have been severely diminished recently . But if you are like me , and want to minimize the damage to people and all other living things on Earth , then you choose
mitigation and , where necessary , adaptation . Much of the trouble is not the loss in competitiveness from the recent devaluation of other Asian economies . Granted , democratic political leaders must be
responsive to the people , and money and jobs are clearly on people ’ s minds . According to a recent survey , among first-year university students in the United States in 2012 , 88 % cited getting a better
job as an important reason for attending college , and 81 % listed being “ very well off financially ” as an essential or very important goal “ ” “ ” . The West s major central ’ banks – the Bank of England
, the European Central Bank , and the United States Federal Reserve – should take this to heart . Europe ’ s Debt-Relief Calculus She has never recanted . The nuclear power crisis at Japan s Fukushima power
plant ’ has served as a dreadful reminder that events thought unlikely can and do happen . It has taken a tragedy of great proportions to prompt some leaders to act to avoid similar calamities at nuclear
reactors elsewhere in the world . Such relics may escape the graveyard of species , but they no longer provide the services to humanity that they once did . They also want to stay out of prison . If you routinely
buy such foods , you are among LOHAS ( Lifestyles of Health and Sustainability ) consumers – the health food industry ’ s cherished demographic base . You buy low-carbohydrate products , energy and nutrition
bars , vitamin- and mineral-fortified foods and beverages , soy foods , and practically anything with a health claim . One cannot succeed without the other . Yet , incredibly , the rapid spread of HIV and
the rising toll of AIDS-related deaths failed to galvanize the country ’ s post-apartheid leaders , especially former President Thabo Mbeki , into meaningful action . Twenty years ago , governments adopted
the Montreal Protocol , a treaty to protect the Earth ’ s ozone layer from emissions of destructive chemicals . It comes as no surprise , then , that the idea of a common European bond is becoming popular
as a way to counter the risk of rising EMU interest-rate spreads . Polls show that an overwhelming majority of Turks respect the army only when it stays within its barracks . More than 80 % of French citizens
voted in the presidential election . An even blacker irony is that America and Iraq were two of the seven governments that voted against its establishment in Rome in 1998 when the treaty for the court was
adopted . NASA itself is a typical large organization . “ Neo-Ottoman Turkey ” ? PRISTINA : War is a dirty thing and that is something I didn 't find out only today as Kosovo awaits NATO 's bombs . Strong
global growth in 2007 marked the beginning of a rise in global inflation , a phenomenon that , with some caveats ( the sharp slowdown in the US and some advanced economies ) , continued into 2008 . The
old notion that large companies are responsible for their employees ' welfare from cradle to grave - providing not only wages and bonuses , but sports facilities , cheap holidays , and generous retirement
benefits - fell into desuetude . For example , Seoul s population ’ more than tripled from 1960 to 2000 . For example , without endangering those in China , news organizations could conclude deals with other
companies to ensure that uncensored reports are echoed from one free server to the next , thereby defying China to filter the entire Internet if it wishes to eliminate content . NEW HAVEN – I admit that
it is an unusual way to see the world , but , when reading the newspaper , I am constantly struck by the extent of human kindness . The newest bit of good news comes from The Center on Wealth and Philanthropy
at Boston College , which estimates that Americans will give about $ 250 billion in individual charitable contributions in 2010 , up several billion from last year . How much stuff fast foods “ ” – , TV
commercials , large cars , new gadgets , and latest fashions – can we stuff into ourselves without deranging our own psychological well-being ? But midnight could come very quickly , and financial crises
do not have fairytale endings . Scarcity was self-limiting : If you could not grow or catch your own food , you died ( or moved ) . The Protocol is not a perfect instrument . Consolidating peace following
violent conflict has little chance of success unless jobs are created and the economy is quickly stabilized and brought onto a path of investment and growth with low inflation . The United Nations reckons
that if economic reconstruction fails in terms of promoting dynamism and inclusion , countries in the transition to peace have an even chance of reverting to war . MADRID – The idea of integrating Israel
into NATO has frequently been advanced as bait to encourage the Jewish state to make the necessary concessions for an Arab-Israeli peace settlement . The weak and only partly implemented Kyoto Protocol
expires in 2012 , and the world requires a much stronger framework , one that sets a strong target for stabilizing greenhouse gases by 2050 by including agreements on ending tropical deforestation , developing
high-mileage automobiles , and shifting to low CO2-emitting power plants . " Don 't go too far in supporting Israel and neglecting the Palestinians ! " Such neediness would be easier to bear if it were accompanied
by a greater readiness to take real action . The same is true for free and secret elections and the inviolability of borders . Since the premium would be determined by the market , it would be higher in
occupations that the market believes to be in danger from outsourcing or technical change . This , in turn , would give workers a tangible warning and an incentive to anticipate job losses before they
occur . Where such capacity exists , there would also be recognition of the fact that democracy does not mean the same institutions in all cultural contexts . The North Korean bomb , estimated at four kilotons
, does not come anywhere near the magnitude of the atomic bombs of 15-21 kilotons that America dropped on Japan 64 years ago . Indeed , this vainglorious attempt by Kim Jong-il reminds Koreans of the mother
bullfrog in Aesop s Fables ’ who puffed herself out to imitate an ox . Regulatory competition thus degenerates into a race to the bottom , since the benefits of lax regulation translate into profits at
home , while the losses lie with bank creditors around the world . " Protect property rights and enforce contracts , " say Western economists . But property rights and contracts are threatened at many levels
. Or perhaps that is precisely the point . It was , as many have pointed out , a war of “ choice , ” a formulation rarely , if ever , used to describe America ’ s previous wars . Furthermore , less than 5
% of agricultural land is irrigated , and improved crop varieties are rarely used . They , too , have been persecuted for not being “ sons of the soil . ” And they , too , are thought to have superhuman
powers when it comes to making money . This stance suggests that Merkel appreciates the essence of the argument that François Heisbourg , the chairman of the council of the International Institute for Strategic
Studies ( IISS ) , advanced in a recent essay : a federal arrangement does not fall apart because of problems at the periphery but because of “ failure at the heart of the system . ” Merkel has come to
terms with Germany ’ s position – and that it must act to preserve the unity of the whole . But this was not a matter of good luck . China is much less likely to interfere in the internal affairs of sovereign
states . But , in return , it will demand that smaller , less powerful states explicitly recognize China s primacy ’ ( just as in the tributary systems of old ) . The smoke over Baghdad came mostly from
oil deliberately burned in ditches and trenches to obscure potential targets from air attack . The core elements of the Irish plan to rescue “ ” Lisbon have now emerged , and it is clear that a second referendum
is central to this effort . It feels good to be good . Around the world , social security and health care are today 's hottest economic issues due to the rising dependency ratio : the proportion of elderly
people relative to younger , economically active , workers . The Socialist Party in Chile , the Workers Party in Brazil , the Broad Front in Uruguay , even Chávez in Venezuela and the PRD and FSLN in Mexico
and Nicaragua , respectively , have shown that , after years of waiting , the left can win elections in Latin America . Yet , sadly , we have been down this road before , only to run out of pavement . Germany
is open to foreign investors , but in return we Germans demand the same market access abroad . It will allow diplomacy , crisis management and an emerging European defence capability to be used hand in
hand with more traditional policies such as trade and development . Few moments in history hold the promise of the EU summit of December 2004 . What we do know about those arrested is as disturbing as the
arrests themselves . For example , about one-quarter are non-Han Chinese , principally Tibetans and Uyghurs . Given the EU s robust relationship ’ with Israel – underpinned by its role as Israel s largest
trade partner ’ , accounting for roughly 26 % of total Israeli exports and 34 % of its imports – it can develop powerful incentives that could provide the impetus that the peace process needs to succeed
. In principle , the IMF could be allowed to print money ( it already has its own accounting unit , the so-called Special Drawing Rights ) . But this is not realistic , given the lack of an adequate system
for global governance . But the Belgians and Dutch have also been less than cooperative at times . Assume that the Japanese government financed its deficit partly by printing money rather than borrowing
. Some individuals and firms who receive this money might simply hold on to the newly minted yen , but others might choose to spend it on goods and services , thereby stimulating the economy . The economy
grows , yielding higher tax revenues , thereby helping governments to put their fiscal house in order . · Regulatory agencies need enforcement authority so that stricter rules can be implemented ; At first
, the Israeli police used force against the protesters , even though such demonstrations are perfectly legal in Israel . That is a moving experience , but what should we learn from it ? This did not happen
by accident or by chance . Looking forward , I am convinced that if we have the wisdom , courage , and strength to adjust long-standing strategic arrangements , embrace new partners , and , above all ,
persevere in the face of adversity and difficulty , we will see a similar victory in this long war “ ” against violence extremism and the other threats that may emerge in an uncertain new century . The
Dominicans and Franciscans literally lived by begging – that is , by depending on diverse sources of income , whose return to any particular investor was always unclear . Today , the United Nations estimates
that 77 million people – more than 1 % of the world s population ’ – are displaced within their own countries , having been forced to flee their homes by armed conflicts , violence , urbanization , development
, and natural disasters . Such a massive diversion of resources “ away from goods and services directly useful this year , ” I argued , “ is a good bargain only if it boosts overall annual economic growth
by 0.3 % or 6 % – per 25-year generation . ” For its part , Hamas , the Muslim Brotherhood ’ s Palestinian branch , seeks to consolidate its control over Gaza and use it as a base from which to take control
of the West Bank and the Palestinian national movement . At risk is everyone who has a job in the UK , as well as all financial institutions that have significant operations there – including a huge proportion
of all global banks . In May , I went to the site of the Tunisian protests ; in July , I talked to Spain s indignados ’ ; from there , I went to meet the young Egyptian revolutionaries in Cairo s Tahrir
Square ’ ; and , a few weeks ago , I talked with Occupy Wall Street protesters in New York . There is a common theme , expressed by the OWS movement in a simple phrase : “ We are the 99 % . ” Haiti , like
its next-door neighbor , the Dominican Republic , once created jobs in port facilities , including production of clothing , baseballs , and other light-manufacturing items . Moreover , Murayama s statement
’ referred vaguely to “ a certain period in the not-too-distant past , ” rather than to specific war years , and others have since resisted phrases – for example , “ war of aggression or colonial rule
” “ ” – that Japan s neighbors ’ have not unreasonably sought . Here , the Chinese , hampered by a vastly inferior legal system , will not be able to compete easily . Can indifference ever be a virtue ? Its
control of Eastern Europe was always enforced on the basis of “ friendship treaties , ” and the Soviet invasions of Hungary in 1956 and Czechoslovakia in 1968 were “ fraternal missions ” . Fortunately ,
the recent threat of a downgrade of Inda s sovereign credit rating ’ – which would have made it difficult to finance the current-account deficit – has led to a government reshuffle and a shift in policies
. As the end of his rule approached , Boris Yeltsin went through at least a half-dozen prime ministers , looking for the one who would ensure the security not only of Russia s new democracy ’ and market
economy , but also of his family “ ” and the wealth that it had accumulated during his rule . The last man seated then was , of course , Vladimir Putin . Is this one of those monuments that has been erected
not by artists but by critics , who produce meaning not through creation but through interpretation ? Were officials of the Ministry of Finance being deliberately subversive ? For example , a new road or
railway linking a mine to a harbor should also address food shortages and improve access to health services and education . Today , this is no longer the case . Socialism is on the rise again across Europe
, at least in opinion polls . But Zhao was also the only CCP leader to propose a political reform package to tackle China s system ’ of one-party rule . One strategy is to lay off some workers and outsource
production to cheaper locations in Asia . Recent events in the Middle East and Central Asia , for example , clearly reflect the decline of US influence . Nor are we choking on pollution . It can also raise
or lower the basic rate of income tax – though by no more than 3 % – and levy charges , such as road tolls . At worst , they may even wish to kill me . But the government will never destroy the spirit of
the people to reclaim their rights and power . It would be each country for itself . Indeed , there is palpable disdain for Syria in Washington . Liberal Moroccan feminists understand this use of the veil
by many Moroccan women , and they have encouraged a dialogue with veiled activists from the Islamist camp . The signs of cooperation have been clear : increasing use of Arabic , rather than French , discussions
that incorporate real knowledge of Islamic scripture , and recognition that Islam remains distinct from traditional practices . One might expect that after a dangerous crisis rooted in growing structural
imbalances and an unsustainable growth pattern on the demand side , there would be serious , ongoing debate about what is needed to restore long-term growth and productive job creation in the context of
a rapidly evolving global economy . But there is not , which is both puzzling and worrisome . For the past two years , my colleagues and I on the Growth Commission have sought to learn how 13 developing
countries managed to record growth rates averaging 7 % or more for 25 years or longer . In The Growth Report , published in May , we tried to understand why most developing countries fell far short of
this achievement , and explored how they might emulate the fast growers . As enthusiastically as the global mass media has received her choice , it is nonetheless extremely difficult in the West for a woman
to be portrayed as maternal – let alone physically flawed or impaired “ ” “ ” – and also as a fantasy sex object . Economic Policy s Narrative Imperative ’ For $ 286 million , we could get iron and iodine
to more than 2.5 billion people . That is why , throughout this downturn , forecasters and analysts who have tried to make analogies to past post-war US recessions have gotten it so wrong . In Global Development
Horizons 2011 , the World Bank presents what it believes to be the most probable global currency scenario in 2025 – a multicurrency arrangement centered on the dollar , euro , and renminbi . In fact , annual
increases in non-food prices accelerated to 3 % in June , up from 2.9 % in May . The man looked like a Jew , they insisted loudly , and started to push him around . The IMF s leadership ’ tried to broker
a deal over currencies at its April meeting , but without tangible results . Given that China s ruling Communists ’ are holding their Party Congress at the same time as the current IMF meetings , a deal
seems unlikely now , too . The West can , however , help speed up and facilitate our efforts , as it did with the closure of Chernobyl . So people start to march in the streets in Bolivia . Publicly declaring
support for Annan s ceasefire plan ’ , and then whispering to journalists that it is “ in tatters , ” as has occurred repeatedly in recent weeks , will not get the job done . But there is a more compelling
explanation : nobody will confront pervasive protectionism . As Secretary-General , Ban has lived up to his self-styled vision of being the consummate diplomat , and has made some important gains in tackling
the UN 's bureaucratic bloat as well as dealing with the Middle East . But ill-equipped and poorly led UN replacement forces for the American presence put the remaining US troops in the bull s eye ’ as
they attempted to bring to justice the Somali warlord responsible for the death of Pakistani peacekeepers . Some do not disclose their content of sugar alcohols , and some have so much of these additives
that they are almost certain to produce laxative effects or gas . I was certain that when Americans knew what was being done in their name , they would react with horror and outrage . The good news is that
economic research does have a few things to say about whether Europe should have a single currency . The bad news is that it has become increasingly clear that , at least for large countries , currency
areas will be highly unstable unless they follow national borders . Of course , the ECB has had its problems--mainly in the communications area--and Duisenberg 's candor sometimes did get him into trouble
. If the concept of “ viral sovereignty ” had been applied to HIV 25 years ago , we would not have central repositories of thousands of varieties of HIV today ; these allow scientists to test drugs and
vaccines against all the different strains of the virus that causes AIDS . In thinking about these prospects , it is important to understand the nature of the British disease . It was not simply that America
and Germany grew faster than Britain after 1870 . It is about official arrogance and indifference to suffering , and a cult of secrecy that allows information to be shared only among a narrow elite obsessed
with stability . Putin suggested that the attack might have been provocation “ ” by Assad s opponents ’ . Over the longer term , the aim should be to conclude an international agreement on resource management
. Notwithstanding resource-rich developing countries ’ positive prospects , the sustainable management of natural resources , like efforts to promote financial transparency , requires global coordination
. But the Fed ’ s recent signals of an early exit from QE together – with stronger evidence of China s slowdown ’ and Chinese , Japanese , and European central bankers ’ failure to provide the additional
monetary easing that investors expected – dealt emerging markets an additional blow . At first sight , China seems to be an exception . But Israel s tactics ’ regarding Palestine have been unconscionable
. But does the Yomiuri study go far enough ? American regionalism closer to home shows the US now trying to promote the Free Trade Agreement of the Americas ( FTAA ) . But its preferred template was to expand
the North America Free Trade Agreement ( Canada , Mexico , and the US ) to the Andean countries and include huge doses of non-trade-related issues , which they swallowed . But two-thirds of those proven
reserves are in the Persian Gulf , and are thus vulnerable to disruption . In September 1938 , before all of these advances , a hurricane devastated much of New England . ROME – In 2010 , global leaders
achieved the Millennium Development Goal ( MDG ) of reducing the share of the world ’ s poor to half of its 1990 level – five years ahead of schedule . Clearly , the words “ made in ” mean something very
different from what they meant 20 years ago . The list of such mishaps and missed opportunities is long . Saudi leaders have also become increasingly suspicious of their American allies , on whom the country
s security depends ’ . It ’ s a celebration of speech . Market-dominant banks still extract hefty fees on debit- and credit-card transactions from merchants , who are forced to pay a multiple of what a truly
competitive market would bear . It is a mistake to conflate technocratic elites ( those with PhDs or other advanced economics degrees ) with other kinds of elites ( those with money or power , especially
if they inherited one or the other ) . Most economists understood the downside risks of European monetary union . In 2015 , the Secretary-General will help guide the world towards even bolder commitments
in the fight to end extreme poverty and deprivation in the coming two decades . The key liberalizing reforms that would enhance the economy ’ s flexibility and pace of adjustment are simply not on the agenda
( owing to an underlying lack of trust among voters ) . But there is a way out of this conundrum . A financial and economic crisis caused by too much private-sector debt and leverage led to a massive re-leveraging
of the public sector in order to prevent Great Depression 2.0 . But Europe doesn ’ t have months , much less years , to resolve its crisis . For example , on February 26 , at a garment market in Benghazi
, Libya , members of a powerful Islamist militia rounded up dozens of Egyptian Coptic Christians identified – by crosses tattooed on their right wrists – whom they then detained , tortured , and threatened
with execution . Among the victims was a Coptic priest , whom the captors beat severely before shaving his head and moustache . Are they right ? Other climate scientists are more optimistic : they argue
that if we allow atmospheric CO2 to rise to 450 ppm , a level associated with a two-degree Celsius temperature rise , we have a 66.6 % chance of avoiding catastrophe . That has been the missing ingredient
, not only in Iraq , but also in other countries ruled by despots . The standard home there is 4.25 times as expensive as one in an average city in the US . Assuming that quadrupling of relative value occurred
over a hundred years , the excess return on investment amounts to only 1.5 % per year – hardly the kind of performance that real estate enthusiasts are expecting . It is quite right to argue that governments
should aim only to balance their budgets over the business cycle , running surpluses during booms and deficits when economic activity is weak . Skeptics see an empire living on borrowed money and borrowed
time . My personal safety “ was threatened , ” he wrote on August 30 in the last email I received from him . Next to today 's European Parliament which reflects in its composition the size of the member
countries , there will probably arise a smaller body , one not elected directly but nominated by the parliaments of member countries : national parliaments would elect , say , two deputies to represent
their country . Bacon s pragmatic objective ’ of using a scientific understanding of natural causes to effect “ all things possible ” – what is now called innovation – was science s original promise ’ to
society , and formed the core of the Age of Enlightenment . The old centralized political structure built around Nehru 's Congress Party collapsed in the mid-1990s , giving way to a succession of weak multi-party
governments . Transatlantic Drift So Russia s claim ’ to being a central element in Eurasian security , on par with the US and the European Union , is not the blustering of a spent Leviathan . Although the
constitution limits the president to 8 years in office , just when the clock started on Yeltsin is in question : did it begin when he was elected president of a Russia still part of the USSR , or did it
only begin in July 1996 , after he won the first presidential campaign conducted by the Russian Federation ? With China , like seeks to talk to like . Sustained moderate inflation would help to bring down
the real value of real estate more quickly , and potentially make it easier for German wages to rise faster than those in peripheral countries . Businesses began to see a growing middle class that could
potentially underpin not only economic growth but also political stability . The most important function of nuclear weapons during the Cold War though little spoken – of at the time – proved to be “ self-deterrence
. ” But Italy , a country that under Silvio s Berlusconi s cavalier rule ’ ’ was a source of despair , has turned into a source of real , if fragile , optimism . On the contrary , the effective global labor
force keeps swelling . Coca crops in Latin America need to be replaced with agricultural crops , and cocaine use in affluent Europe must be reduced . Yet Lebanon itself is too weak to assert its sovereignty
. On the other hand , Israel will not allow Hezbollah to re-establish itself along its border , or to maintain its missile capability . Normally , a US defense project in its infancy would not cause the
excitement NMD generates . Quantitative Easing and America s Economic Rebound ’ These payoffs to top executives were further increased by large bonus compensation . As a result , Senegal , a cosmopolitan
country , is missing out on Africa s best opportunity ’ for growth since de-colonization . Iraq s Bullets and Ballots ’ There is little downside risk . As the surplus came down , so did the economy ’ s growth
rate – indeed , almost point for point . For the first time in this crisis , the European authorities would undertake an operation for which they have more than sufficient resources . That argument is also
false . Thus far , the Taliban leadership has publicly rejected Karzai s reconciliation overtures ’ . Some , if not most , politicians are suspected of corruption . If we could acknowledge that , we wouldn
t be joking ’ about it . Furthermore , given the controversy that its announcement of the OMT program has incited in Germany – not least with the Bundesbank – the ECB would certainly be discouraged from
pursuing any Fed-like effort to push for lower interest rates along the yield curve . But that strategy ignores Palestinian and regional realities . Religion aims at giving a meaning to the world and to
our place in it . Harvard University 's Samuel Huntington also thinks such comparisons wrong-headed , but disagrees with Fukuyama on the diagnosis . A Flat World and a Round Ball They could pat themselves
on the back for their lack of racial prejudice . European integration has rarely been affected by the left / right divide . Throughout the so-called war “ on terror , ” the notion of a clash “ of civilization
” between Islam and the West has usually been dismissed as politically incorrect and intellectually wrongheaded . Instead , the most common interpretation has been that the world has entered a new era
characterized by conflict “ within ” a particular civilization , namely Islam , with fundamentalist Muslims as much at war against moderates as against the West . Reading Fisher , one is more inclined to
leave boys alone to challenge one another and test their environment , and to accept that , as she puts it , nature designed men and women to collaborate for survival . Apparently they are . The demographic
burden of a rapidly growing labor force appears to be greatly increased when that labor force is not very literate , especially when inadequate infrastructure , crime , and official corruption also take
their toll . If all this leads people to conclude that social justice is being sacrificed to profits , cuts in public expenditure harden that conclusion even more . Best of all has been The Case for God
by the brilliant religion writer Karen Armstrong . Many see Greece as the potential first domino to fall in a scenario that runs as follows : the Greek austerity measures do not suffice , the debt crisis
deepens , and the risk of a sovereign default spreads to other European economies . As the Greek domino falls , countries like Portugal , Spain , or Italy start tumbling , and a small economy s crisis
’ turns into a major European calamity . The Hamas Moment A comprehensive response to AIDS , TB and malaria is needed . But few Europeans today believe that Italy , Spain or Portugal , much less France ,
will need debt reduction . But , whereas the Europe ’ s bloody wars in the first half of the twentieth century have made war there unthinkable today , the wars in Asia in the second half of the twentieth
century , far from settling or ending disputes , only accentuated bitter rivalries . So far , Venezuela s elite ’ , and much of the investment community , has assumed the worst and behaved accordingly :
no blueprints for Chavez , no options , just badmouthing . In Holland , patients are virtually helpless against the new culture “ of euthanasia . ” “ Free healthcare ” effectively disempowers them . Churches
would not be required to consecrate same-sex unions , or teachers to promote them ( against their conscience ) ; but , as far as the state is concerned , marriage would be gender-blind . CAMBRIDGE Ever
– since Vladimir Putin came to power a decade ago , the Kremlin regime has relied on two pillars : the security forces and energy exports . When a future British prime minister , Clement Attlee , traveled
to India as part of a constitutional commission and argued the merits of a presidential system over a parliamentary one , his Indian interlocutors reacted with horror . It seemed too good to be true – and
it was . Worse , banks failed to understand the first principle of risk management : diversification only works when risks are not correlated , and macro-shocks ( such as those that affect housing prices
or borrowers ability ’ to repay ) affect the probability of default for all mortgages . It can be summed up in one word : Eurobonds . Policy interest rates are close to zero in the major economies in the
developed world , and outsize budget deficits are the norm . Indeed , scientists in a number of countries , some with past scientific glories , may already recognize this malady in their own institutions
today . In one sense , Iraq s weapons ’ of mass destruction were also weapons of mass distraction . Without doubt , President George W. Bush and Prime Minister Tony Blair believed that Saddam Hussein either
had , or had the wherewithal to produce , such weapons when they decided for pre-emptive war . On this view , if America is determined to use force to prevent Iran from becoming a nuclear weapons state
, it would have to establish a quasi-permanent empire in the Middle East . Can the BoE – and the UK Treasury – really provide downside insurance for this full amount , or are the UK authorities set on the
path to becoming another Iceland ( where the value of bank assets peaked at more than 11 times the country ’ s GDP ) ? And , if one is to judge by these six Latin American economies performance ’ since
the 2008-2009 shock , the record of “ inflation targeting-plus ” so far is encouraging . Given a rising trend of big power rivalry over Korea in recent years , this may be no straightforward thing . NEW
YORK – Over the past three decades , hundreds of millions of new workers have entered the global economy . Multinational companies and Western countries – both of which stand to benefit greatly from Asia
’ s increasing consumption – have encouraged Asians to aspire to a Western standard of living , with its high energy usage , electronic toys , and meat-heavy diet . Why Putin s advisors and public-relations
managers ’ encourage him to make these banal triumphalist announcements is difficult to fathom unless one comprehends the sense of grievance that almost all Russians feel at the loss of Great Power status
. That trauma burns even deeper among Russia s rulers ’ , where it has generated a powerful and persistent psychological complex . By persistently adhering to a planned economy and obsolete ideology , North
Korea is trapped in a vicious cycle , suffering from unstable food supplies and low , or sometimes negative , economic growth . That seems to be as true now of European politics as it has been of economics
in parts of Africa and Asia . The results of Italy s ’ recent municipal elections could be a signal of an incipient electoral dynamic : it was women who voted Silvio Berlusconi s party ’ out of power in
Milan , a city that he has long controlled ( and the original seat of his power ) . American exports are about to decline . Having instead made the request for a warrant public , al-Bashir – assuming the
judges uphold the request – can simply refrain from traveling abroad and thus avoid arrest . NEW YORK – The killing of Osama bin Laden by United States special forces constitutes a significant victory over
global terrorism . Most African wives dread the season . They become soccer widows , as their husbands flock to bars . Indeed , demographically , Russia is undergoing a dramatic decline . Apart from commodity
exports , it has little to offer to the global economy . This does not mean losing sight of the need to tackle climate change . The privacy of clients not under suspicion will thus continue to be protected
by Swiss bank-client confidentiality . The United States Government Accountability Office sent identical genetic samples to several of the testing companies , and got widely varying , and mostly useless
, advice . The message to bank executives today is simple : build your bank to be as big as possible – and then keep growing . That seemed like a good move . Many of our countries are targets of terrorism
, which , eight years on from the attacks of September 11 , 2001 , we must recognize is down , but by no means out . In our interdependent world , these tasks can be met only through reinvigorated multilateralism
one – that is fair , flexible and responsive , with leaders coming from all quarters . Yet , despite this , Japan responded to the terrorist acts of September by passing a new law that allows the country
to support American forces in the war against terrorists . UN agencies such as the Commission on Narcotic Drugs or the Office on Drugs and Crime are not mandated to prescribe specific drug strategies . Similarly
, Samih Toukan and Hussam Khoury , who created Maktoob ( now owned by Yahoo ) , were able to combine the comparative advantage of Jordan s creative talent ’ and low costs with the quality and convenience
of Dubai s infrastructure and business networks ’ . Even if it does not fulfill the anarchist dream of ending repressive government , we are still only beginning to grasp the extent of what it will do to
the way we live . Such a strategy would be less simple than merely holding highly imperfect elections . It would make the exit of occupation forces more complex and perhaps more drawn-out . But Obama suggested
using the weight of commercial relations between the two countries to tell the Iranian leader that he should follow Brazil s example ( ’ in Brazil , the ban on nuclear energy for military purposes is enshrined
in the Constitution ) . By contrast , an IMF that attempted to act , say , as an international umpire of national exchange-rate policies would face insurmountable implementation and acceptance problems
. Similarly , there will still be wars , fought with ever more brutal and destructive weapons . But there is good reason to fear that the rate of decline will indeed continue to rise , and that satellite
images of a blue polar ocean will grace the covers of news magazines sooner rather than later . But he was determined to break the traditional Malay mold and succeeded in building a new--albeit still small--urban
middle class . Iran has long qualified as what the American foreign-policy analyst Fareed Zakaria has called an illiberal democracy “ . Turkey ” , for its part , seemed to be on a path toward true liberal
democracy , notwithstanding the criticism of those who pointed to Erdoğan s jailing ’ of journalists and generals ; it is now backsliding for all the world to see . Here , what might be called the pension
/ sovereign-wealth-fund model – in which a public entity holds and manages a diversified portfolio of assets as a financial investor with appropriately specified duties and governance – seems to be the
right way to go . The asset side of the balance sheet is maintained in the aggregate , but the management of the assets , particularly the diversification of holdings , can be thought of as prudent and
de facto privatized . By everyone s reckoning ’ , Bulgaria complied and now expects the EU to keep its part of the bargain . It seems to take for granted a Democratic victory in the US presidential election
next year . The meaning was clear to all : Weimar Russia , like Weimar Germany , signified a weak republic attacked from within by nationalists yearning to restore authoritarian ways . I would stand before
a class and give a one-hour lecture . With China s ’ regime now gripped by fear of an Arab-style revolution , the government has chosen repression as the only means to maintain “ stability . ” Now , with
futures markets predicting that oil will be $ 50 to $ 60 a barrel for the next two years , demand for gas-guzzlers has evaporated , taking with it the prospects for America s auto companies ’ , whose corporate
strategies have bet on low oil prices and America s ’ love affair with the SUV . “ We can t ’ waste time , ” he says . Almost every country in Latin America has reduced poverty significantly since the beginning
of this century , with the extent of progress depending on baselines and cut-off dates , good years and bad years , the reliability of official data , and other factors . In a radio broadcast on April 12
, the clerics issued a threat : “ There will be suicide blasts in the nook and cranny of the country . By last year , it had reached $ 1 trillion . But how this form of “ pre-packaged bankruptcy ” could
be implemented in a world of widely different legal , political , and banking systems is unclear . But that doesn t ’ mean it hasn ’ t been attempted . Economists estimates ’ range from $ 1.23 billion a
year ( to save trees in Latin America ’ s biodiversity hot spots “ ” ) to $ 5.8 billion a year ( to save 2 % of the continent s land area ’ ) to $ 500 billion ( making a one-off payment to save all of
Latin America ’ s forests ) . A long-term alternative requires some capacity to write down debt where it has reached excessive levels . Consider the Greek Bronze Age , during which many powerful states ,
organized around a city housing the political elite , formed throughout the Mediterranean basin . As former combatants abandoned the arms-for-land and other programs because of lack of support , they often
resorted to illegal or criminal activities . Hugging a Burning Tree LONDON Governments – around the world have just received one of the most important scientific reports ever written . The lower long-term
interest rates contributed to the small 4 % rise in the S &amp; P 500 share-price index over the same period . In these circumstances , the risk entailed by doing nothing far outweighs the costs of referring
Iran to the Security Council . Those focused on emerging markets are emphasizing accelerating growth , with some forecasts projecting a 5 % increase in world output . The roadmap is--so far--silent on this
issue . It is on their decision alone that the future of both the euro and the EU depends . The Bank of England seeks similar powers . The European Union wants to establish a European Systemic Risk Board
composed of the national central bank governors , chaired by the European Central Bank . Currencies can become the focus not just for commercial transactions , but for diplomatic and political wrangles
. The UN process worked . It was US policy that failed . There are 540 million Indians under the age of 25 . Saying that context matters does not mean that anything goes . But there is no universal rulebook
; different countries achieve these ends differently . Khrushchev denounced his mentor , Stalin . Will it mark the apotheosis of an authoritarian regime or the beginning of its demise ? And if you are really
worried about that , gold might indeed be the most reliable hedge . Of course , America tried to keep real order in some places , revealing a lot about what it truly valued in Iraq . Otherwise , not only
will Europe ’ s global political ambitions become untenable , but its allies on the other side of the Atlantic will lose patience with Europeans refusal ’ to shoulder their share of the security burden
. When we visited Cyprus late last year , we noticed how few women and young people were engaged in politics . While both the Polish and Hungarian communist parties experienced internal liberalization that
allowed relatively large semi-official zones of activity outside communist control , Czechoslovakia after the Soviet-led invasion of 1968 became a rigid neo-Stalinist regime . Oxford and Cambridge , established
long before the industrial era , produced eminent philosophers and historians , but too few scientists and engineers . As the United States prepares to withdraw its troops from the country , China must
deal with an uncertain post-war scenario . In other words , the acquaintances and benefactors of the East Asian leaders were “ cronies , ” whereas those of US leaders were “ friends ” ? Mobutu s rule ’ was
, of course , deeply flawed , but he was not alone within the pan-African movement in such thinking . But then , in 1999 , Dorje staged a stunning escape to India via Nepal , attracting the world s attention
’ , but also deep suspicion because of the apparent ease with which he and his entourage managed to flee . Now , imagine that , of that total , the companies pay out $ 250 in dividends ( which you reinvest
to buy more stock ) and retain $ 450 in earnings to reinvest in their businesses . I suppose that I should be grateful that he said “ please . ” China s economy ’ over the past two years has become much
more balanced in its external trade relationships , despite there being no significant exchange-rate adjustments . With their very specific forms , the most effective anti-viral vaccines must be designed
for a narrow range of factors . Indeed , NAFTA membership has proven to be so popular that Mexico 's government has forged many other free trade agreements , including one with the EU in 2000 . According
to Internet World Stats , the number of Internet users in China has more than tripled since 2006 , soaring to 485 million in mid-2011 more than three times – that in 2006 . He argues that " because short
_ term interest rates are already at zero , setting an inflation target of , say , 2 % wouldn 't carry much credibility . " Under Hollande , France ’ s Socialists favor achieving that renewal through a
process of social dialogue that convinces rather than imposes , that focuses both on revenue measures and on boosting government efficiency , and that may adopt some of northern Europe ’ s more successful
flexicurity “ ” policies , which combine greater labor-market flexibility with strong social protection . The reforms should also introduce much greater individual choice , permitting solutions to retirement
, education , health , and lifestyle issues that can be more easily tailored to citizens ’ specific circumstances and needs . This respite offers an ideal opportunity to push forward with reforms . No expert
panel , including ours , has all the answers . First , in the absence of a single global central-banking authority , a modicum of monetary-policy coordination among major economies is required . It is full
of faults , which need to be corrected . Importantly , those with a religious background are as clueless or incoherent as atheists . This line of thinking led governments to believe that Arabs would not
demonstrate in large numbers and demand change . It is even worse to leave our children without adequate infrastructure and the other public investments needed to be competitive in the twenty-first century
. And it doesn ’ t believe that Afghanistan is ready for the world to give up on it yet . In other words , quantitative easing seems to be as effective a method of depreciating the dollar as selling it in
currency markets would be . Since 2010 , the country has been dependent on unprecedentedly large official bailout funds . But , because Greece s creditors ’ – the International Monetary Fund and European
governments – misread the challenges facing the country , the rescue merely delayed the inevitable sovereign default and caused the Greek economy to contract sharply , magnifying the pain . Chen , as a
sitting president , cannot be indicted even though the prosecutor says that he has evidence to prove his guilt . Clearly , the United States is now deeply divided in electoral terms . He told me that all
Venezuelans believed that they had been born with a loaf “ under their arm that ” – is , a right to a share in the country s oil revenues ’ . In addition to communicating with distant audiences , leaders
need the ability to communicate one-on-one or in small groups . In some cases , that close communication is more important than public rhetoric . Without India , it is hard to imagine a successful conclusion
to the 2009 Copenhagen conference to draft a successor agreement to the Kyoto Protocol . Reaching an agreement will require tough diplomacy , difficult compromises , technological innovation , and changes
to our carbon-intensive way of life . In the short term , the liability union is to be implemented by the European Central Bank , whose independence will once again be held up as sacred in Berlin , providing
a European fig leaf for Germany ’ s domestic-policy priorities . It was a revolution , but with a difference : the political system changed without a body count . This was due , above all , to Solidarity
s prudent policy ’ . At the end of this month , James Wolfensohn ’ s ten-year tenure as President of the World Bank comes to an end . The rich and powerful turn to the government to help them whenever they
can , while needy individuals get little social protection . Any prediction concerning the boom 's end requires understanding why it occurred in so many places . But in practice it is hard to enforce . And
where is nature s ’ gambit taking us ? The proteins with the largest accumulation of structural defects are the prions , soluble proteins so poorly wrapped that they relinquish their functionally competent
fold and form aberrant aggregates that may cause degenerative neuropathies . The latest evidence to support this hypothesis comes from a large international epidemiological study of childhood asthma that
was recently published in the medical journal The Lancet . This analysis , from the International Study of Asthma and Allergies in Childhood ( ISAAC ) , involved more than 200,000 six- and seven-year-old
children from 73 centers in 31 countries . The purchases in Africa alone amount to an area of agricultural land the size of Kenya . They have , I believe , lost their way and taken a path that can only lead
back to the supremacy of arbitrary power . Joblessness is the main cause of poverty , and the best protection against it is earned income , for which even France s generous welfare payments ’ are an inadequate
substitute . Nominated to the Commission by the Italian Government , I was compelled to withdraw because of some allegedly homophobic remarks I was said to have made before the European Parliament s Committee
’ on Civil Liberties , Justice , and Home Affairs . The second category of recessions arise by chance , for example when consumer confidence dips , or businesses become uneasy and cut back on investment
and / or inventory . Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki s remark ’ during a recent trip to Washington that he was more concerned about Turkey than Iran exposed the huge gulf between Iraq and the US ,
which now appears to have lost all significant political influence on Iraqi affairs . Indeed , in a disturbing development , the US decided not to play its last remaining card in dealing with al-Maliki
: arms sales . The winds of change will blow once again through the Middle East , which remains threatened by both religious fundamentalism and foreign pressure . This was not just any acquittal . The most
serious unintended consequence of the war is the emergence of a powerful Shia challenge to the West s Sunni allies ’ in the Middle East . Today , a democratic transition that the West sought to portray
as a model that other Arab nations could emulate lies in tatters . Egypt s economy ’ , bruised by the outflow of foreign investment and a dearth of tourists , is on life support . The authors speculate
that easier loan securitization may have made risky CRA-compliant loans seem less costly . One solution is to form a grand coalition , as in today ’ s Germany . To fight accelerating price growth , the authorities
adopted measures at the end of 2010 to cool overheating domestic demand , first through credit restrictions and higher reserve requirements for banks so-called macroprudential measures – “ ” – and later
through the resumption of interest-rate hikes . It wasn ’ t terror that was the basis of Stalin s power ’ , but his complete monopoly on information . A monetary policy at war with itself cannot long endure
. This generation will thank us – and so will many generations to come . A recent study by the IMF s research department ’ , using data from the past 30 years to assess the effects of financial globalization
, conveys two messages . Re-engineering humanity s power systems ’ is going to be an expensive undertaking , regardless of what mix of technologies are used , and the chosen systems will have to be reliable
and widely available . It seemed clear that Germany ( or at least this rather large gathering of government , business , and labor leaders ) remains committed to the euro and to deeper European integration
, and recognizes that success will require Europe-wide burden-sharing to overcome the ongoing eurozone crisis . Why Are Good Policies Bad Politics ? Only Royal may be said to represent softer lines against
the hard-liner of the governing party , Nicolas Sarkozy . Second , emerging market countries must get help in adjusting to the financial crisis . Solzhenitsyn s suggestion ’ is crude , but right in a fundamental
sense . Innovation Crisis or Financial Crisis ? Indeed , the Chernobyl catastrophe was an historic turning point : there was the era before the disaster , and there is the very different era that has followed
. The EU s problem ’ is not its so-called constitutional crisis “ , ” but rather its lack of a recognizable political identity . Most controversial of all has been “ Europe ’ s last dictator , ” Belarusan
President Alyaksandr Lukashenka . It threatens to bomb Iran . It supports the military dictatorship in Pakistan . As a result , global leadership and cooperation will remain in limited supply , requiring
a carefully calibrated response in the world economy ’ s governance – specifically , a thinner set of rules that recognizes the diversity of national circumstances and demands for policy autonomy . It is
the story of how the Japanese people , through centuries of memory and shared experience , have built up their resilience to natural disasters . That Stalling Feeling Second , electronic money will advance
globalization , expanding the scope and versatility of the Internet and making it easier for people to interact constructively with others around the world . Taken together , these two benefits will enable
millions of minds to work together far more effectively than ever before . After all , it would be foolish to read too much into two historical data points . In my recent book Exorbitant Privilege : The
Rise and Fall of the Dollar , I described a future in which the dollar and the euro would be the dominant global currencies . This isn t rocket science or capping deep-sea oil blowouts ’ . These are problems
that we have long known how to solve . The discussion about autocracy was inevitably bound up with others . Some police and army officers deserted and the commander-in-chief ran away from the battlefield
dressed as a peasant . Some research suggested that fees might be useful in decentralizing education--a laudable goal--and in helping poor countries to " live within their means " ( a nasty requirement
in an age of global prosperity ) . Merkel s proposals ’ do not reflect a German strategy aimed at leading the EU through this crisis . Otherwise , they could end up without any handle on the Iranian nuclear
program , and only one useless option left – – , a military strike . Acknowledging that we have been using the wrong framework is the first step toward finding a solution . One can understand how a computer
works “ ” in terms of the high-level functions of the mouse , the hard drive , and the display while not having any understanding of the mechanisms that enable a cursor to move when a mouse is moved ,
or allow information to be stored and erased , or control pixels on a screen . The reason is obvious on a moment s reflection ’ : the combined share of the dollar and euro approaches 80 % of the basket
of currencies that comprise the SDR . Last October , British Foreign Minister David Miliband was so anxious to maintain Chinese good will that he came close to denouncing his predecessors recognition ’
of Tibet s autonomy 100 years ’ ago . But foreign concerns about the status of China s mandate ’ in Tibet are understandable : Tibet is the strategic high ground between the two most important nuclear
powers in Asia . Keeping the pound does not mean that we oppose the Euro , or hope for its failure . During the campaign Mr. Lavin repeatedly said that , irrespective of his age and health , General Pinochet
should stand trial in Chile for alleged violations of human rights . For membership in NATO brings with it the right to participate in the deliberations and decisions of the Atlantic Alliance . The US government
often declares these days that it is not bound by any arbitrary numerical target “ ” such as 0.7 % of GNP . The needs of aging populations will add to these pressures . But a predictable monetary policy
aimed at delivering medium-term price stability – with a flexible exchange rate where appropriate benefits – both the private sector and , most importantly , the poor . Moreover , the principle of sovereignty
itself needs redefinition . Haldane rightly complained that banking regulation has evolved from a small number of very specific guidelines to mind-numbingly complicated statistical algorithms for measuring
risk and capital adequacy . Even before the current economic recession , unemployment in the Arab world was estimated at 14 % – the world s highest average ’ outside sub-Saharan Africa . In today 's Netherlands
, assertiveness is seen as a good thing , modesty as a form of self-chastisement . Most of the shadow banking system has disappeared , and traditional commercial banks are saddled with trillions of dollars
in expected losses on loans and securities while still being seriously undercapitalized . We will be able to take a blood sample , determine the possibility of genetic defects , and create a probabilistic
health history of what is likely to happen . A rising chorus of voices now forswears engagement with Iran s rulers ’ , insisting that it is time for the regime to go . The US also intends to strengthen capital
market competitiveness and ensure that it remains an attractive environment for foreign investment . It no less necessary to continue promoting the rule of law , international cooperation , and the principles
of open society , mainly by reforming the international financial system and by paying special attention to Russia s near-abroad ’ . Ukraine , in particular , is in a perilous state , but financing public
works that would create jobs in Eastern Ukraine , where the steel industry is in distress , could make a major difference both politically and economically . The people of the Czech Republic , like most
Europeans , wish to jointly build an irreversible system of mutual relationships among states , regions , municipalities , and their inhabitants . Their desire is to eliminate violence and , at the same
time , generate stable conditions for economic and social progress for everyone in Europe . The European Council has solemnly declared that Greece s de facto default ’ ( orchestrated through so-called private-sector
involvement “ ” ) remains an exceptional and unique case . In fact , Putin has nothing to offer Russians aside from his own vulgar , hackneyed rhetoric . Second , the P5 + 1 could then agree to agree to
some Iranian enrichment as an incentive for Iran to conclude a parallel agreement with the IAEA on greater transparency . Why should the US bother ? Within member governments , relations with the WTO are
usually the responsibility of the trade or foreign ministry , while multilateral financial institutions , including the regional development banks , are generally the responsibility of the finance ministry
. The odds are on the cheaper man . We feel responsible , on a global level , for the environment , which is why we disagree with unilateral decisions by individual nations when such decisions ignore the
needs of the rest of the world . Indeed , he began apologizing for his earlier anti-Semitic hate speech . The man who once said that he could " well imagine world culture without Jews " now claimed to realize
how quintessential the Jews are for world culture . It is understandable that the Chinese are now reluctant to invest more money in the US . For example , consider methane clathrate , an ice-like stone that
in most cases is built in an ordered way by a complex collaboration of microbes . Thus , everybody , including the poor , pays taxes so that mostly wealthier beneficiaries can feel greener . The social market
economy , which we continue to embrace , is based on these principles . They seek to demonstrate the benefits that a more sustainable pattern of development can bring to the world s cities ’ , to people
’ s health ( from the reduction in air pollution ) , to energy security , and to the ability of the world ’ s poor to access energy . Only in the past two centuries , with the rise of modern economic life
, did the world 's population soar , from around one billion people in 1820 to 6.3 billion today and around 9 billion by 2050 . For years they tried to express their grievances through peaceful means . Indeed
, financial engineering did not create products that would help ordinary citizens manage the simple risk of home ownership – with the consequence that millions have lost their homes , and millions more
are likely to do so . There is a growing body of alternative ideas in this area – including work by the Nobel laureates Joseph Stiglitz and Paul Krugman – which the IMF and the World Bank should consider
. This scare was intended . As the cost of computing and communication comes down , the barriers to entry decline . Individuals and private organizations , ranging from corporations to NGOs to terrorists
, have thus been empowered to play a direct role in world politics . Regulators , recognizing the risks of allowing financial deglobalization to accelerate , have been seeking better means of handling the
failure of huge global banks . As Governor of Massachusetts , Romney built a record as a competent and moderate conservative , a political profile that suited him to the state s electorate ’ . This opposition
is not coming only from politicians who are calculating that opposition to whatever is proposed may yield electoral benefits ; indeed , it does not even reflect any coherent right-wing or indeed left-wing
political position . Root-and-branch stimulus opponents whose work has crossed my desk recently include efficient-markets fundamentalists like the University of Chicago s Eugene Fama ’ , Marxists like
CUNY s David Harvey ’ , classical economists like Harvard s Robert Barro ’ , gold bugs like the Council on Foreign Relation 's Benn Steil , and a host of others . But not many countries are experiencing
the same level of difficulties ; surveys consistently show that only about 10 % of Chinese SMEs finance ’ comes from banks , while the global average doubles . Moreover , none of these countries has a
capital surplus of China s magnitude ’ . And given that the Uighur bastion of Xinjiang is close to China s borders ’ with Afghanistan and Pakistan , the US was unwise to raise Chinese hackles in this way
. Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard has introduced a carbon tax to enable “ economic growth without increases in carbon pollution . ” Political leaders around the world should take note – and take
very strong action . Corporate sin is not unknown in the US . But Microsoft doesn t ’ publicize it – or warn you if your Office 2007 file is about to become incompatible with older versions . According to
Leverett , Khadafi s decision ’ predated the invasion and was a response to an explicit quid-pro-quo to end international sanctions against Libya . As the Chinese government seeks international backing
for its crackdown on terrorism , local Uyghurs seem less inclined to voice their frustrations than ever before . They would have criticized him had he remained passive while Bamako fell into the hands of
terrorists . Yet this support may be fragile , and could collapse if something goes wrong on the ground or , worse – , in France . Most important , the cost of educating a child relative to the cost of
having additional low-educated children is very high in poor countries . Recent events in Georgia remind us that resolving the region 's " frozen conflicts " - i.e. , those in the breakaway regions of South
Ossetia and Abkhazia , of Transdneistria in Moldova , and Nagorno-Karabakh in Azerbaijan - must be a priority . By contrast , secular liberal parties have yet to develop effective organizations or project
compelling visions for the future . Although sentiment favoring a secular state is considerable , a coalition that can serve as an alternative or counterweight to the Muslim Brotherhood will be difficult
to assemble . But China ’ s $ 3.2 trillion problem will become a 20-trillion-renminbi problem if China cannot reduce its current-account surplus and fence off capital inflows . Brazil , a country eight times
the size , exports 12 % of its economy 's output , and 57 % of Brazilian exports are manufactured goods . Perhaps that lesson - the need to subject even the most powerful country to international law -
will be one benefit of the otherwise disastrous war that the US launched in Iraq . One would have thought that Roman Catholics would see these outcomes as desirable . Perhaps Italy can survive , because
most of its debt is held domestically , which makes default less likely . This change in attitude is understandable , but it has brought the European integration process to a halt . But the sheer volume
of China 's TV programming makes maintaining such control difficult . Pledges of billions of dollars are announced . At the same time , asylum seekers will be specifically deterred from making dangerous
sea voyages by getting no advantage from doing so : they will , at least pending the negotiation of better Southeast Asian regional arrangements , be sent to Nauru or PNG to wait their turn there . He suggested
that tumors emit a substance called tumor-angiogenesis factor , which causes surrounding blood vessels to grow toward it , supplying nutrition and removing waste . One part , the rich inheritance “ of memories
, ” is rooted in the past , while the other , related to the present and opening the way to the future , consists in the common will of citizens to build their public life together . Even under the current
system , many angel investors lose money . Beauty is resistant to the hubbub of the absurd . To be sure , contesting the election would provide my party with a great opportunity to take issues to the people
. But the next one will probably lead to a serious settling of scores . Indeed , people and governments need to express their anger at the fact that no binding agreement was reached in Copenhagen , despite
the willingness of many of those who were present . Europe \ u0027s Dollar Envy Viruses contain another 15-30 % of these genetic sequences . Above all , we must reckon with the rise of ecological awareness
, which in Europe is reflected in the formation and strength of Green parties , and which nurtures anti-globalization sentiments . Improvements in energy supplies have multiple beneficial effects . Public
and home lighting , refrigeration of food , medicine and vaccines , and heating and proper sanitation help improve people 's living conditions and health . Moreover , boom in global consumption of cocaine
owing – to higher demand in Europe and Latin America , together with stable demand in the United States – has brought new income to some Bolivians . Demographically , Russia is in a dramatic nose-dive ;
it remains economically and socially backward ; its infrastructure is underdeveloped , as are its investments in education and vocational training . Economically , it mainly relies on energy and commodity
exports , and in its modernization efforts , it is largely dependent on the West , particularly Europe . It is a tradition that they wish to continue , presumably because some Japanese are emotionally attached
to it . Last September , however , financial conditions changed suddenly in Hong Kong . The liquidity shortage caused by the European sovereign debt-crisis led developed countries ’ banks – especially European
banks with exposure in Hong Kong – to withdraw their funds , taking dollars with them . As long as Wilders and his European counterparts stay out of government , they have no incentive to temper their illiberal
rhetoric and stop stoking up hostility towards ethnic and religious minorities . It is a sad testament to Russia s current mindset ’ that it is Solzhenitsyn the anti-modernist crank who is being remembered
, not Solzhenitsyn the towering foe of Soviet barbarism and mendacity . Almost inevitably , or so it seems , the idea of Pakistan has been usurped , which is why Pakistan s friends ’ have so often become
its masters , and why Pakistan continues to remain fragile , insecure , and tense . Putin 's magnanimous words about the channel were , as usual , made while he was abroad . What it sought to address was
market power in a particular sector , not sizeper se , because market power leads to high prices and potentially reduces variety and innovation . Despite its long history of political violence , its creative
industries are expanding . But the likely failures are equally noteworthy : the problem of too-big-to-fail banks is now worse than it was before the crisis . But Europeans interest ’ in this presidential
election cannot mask the fact that what they expect from it is far from clear . Europeans may want a more normal America “ ” , closer to their own values , but they simultaneously worry that a more modest
America would demand more of them in the realm of “ hard military power ” . The boldness of a vision varies with the type of leadership involved . While a global recession will be averted , a severe growth
slowdown will not . Six aircraft carriers , with their accompanying support vessels – indeed , 60 % of America ’ s entire navy – are now stationed in the Pacific . On May 14 , 2002 , the Security Council
gave the tottering sanctions regime a new lease on life by unanimously adopting a simplified screening procedure . Their regulators are given market-related compensation packages , and continuity of senior
staff is more effectively maintained . For many , the victory of normalcy over charisma should be cause for celebration . The cost is not merely in terms of natural resources , which should be sustained
and passed on to future generations , not exhausted by our own . So Karnofsky and Hassenfeld got together with six friends who also worked in finance and divided up the field to find out which charities
could be shown to be effective . Ukraine 's current autumn of discontent can end , as Shakespeare suggested , in a glorious summer , for our protests seek to change our government by legitimate democratic
means , to restore normal life , and to revitalize democracy and economic development in Ukraine . This monetary history is relevant because America is no more likely to accept international constraints
on its monetary policy today than in the past . Nevertheless , if Morocco looks stable today , this largely reflects two factors : monarchy and reform . Targeted sanctions aimed at the Revolutionary Guard
would be an important step , but so is clearly expressing solidarity with the millions of Iranian men and women who are fighting for a democratic and pluralist society . They need to wean themselves from
the poisonous rhetoric of ethnic nationalism substituting as patriotism . Identity Economics provides the broader , better vision that we need . In Rwanda and Kosovo , the Security Council failed to act
in time to save thousands of lives . Is there an alternative to waiting for the Security Council and acting unilaterally ? Moreover , the recent bounce in investment spending ( and housing ) will end ,
with bleak prospects for 2012 , as tax benefits expire , firms wait out so-called tail risks “ ” ( low-probability , high-impact events ) , and insufficient final demand holds down capacity-utilization
rates . And most capital spending will continue to be devoted to labor-saving technologies , again implying limited job creation . Researchers like Jane Goodall , Diane Fossey , and Birute Galdikas have
shown that great apes are thinking , self-aware beings , with rich emotional lives , and thereby prepared the ground for extending basic rights to them . These statistics , which represent popular sentiment
in the world s largest economy ’ , should raise significant concerns for governments and business leaders elsewhere , particularly in countries challenged by stagnant growth and rising levels of youth
unemployment . But , because Russia 's presidency is so powerful , the Duma is largely a squabbling-shop and a fixer 's paradise . The reasons are simple . The Party s abrupt vilification ’ of Bo after lauding
him for his leadership in Chongqing has fueled public cynicism over his orchestrated downfall and laid bare the leadership ’ s thin ideological core . If China is to preserve its gains in global stature
, it must avoid a political hard landing . Trade union opposition to extending working hours is based on the lump-of-labor theory “ ” . According to this view , there are no economic advantages of such
a policy , because the total amount of labor in the economy is fixed . French leaders often like to be seen resisting American pressure before striking a compromise and cooperating in a manner that serves
both French and American interests . If true , the implications for coordinating fiscal policies would be diametrically opposed to those implicitly assumed by the Commission . Total capital assets of central
banks worldwide amount to $ 18 trillion , or 19 % of global GDP twice the level – of ten years ago . This gives them plenty of ammunition to guide market interest rates lower as they combat the weakest
recovery since the Great Depression . Measured by the dollar index , therefore , capital losses on China s foreign exchange reserves ’ are inevitable . But the lessons that are sometimes derived from Sweden
s experience ’ are based on misunderstandings of what we actually did , and of how our system worked . He blames French society . Insurance companies operating in Japan repaid some of the losses . The first
argument needs to be made by countries that export to the US : they should tell journalists , politicians , voters , and workers in the US about all the American jobs that would not exist without their
exports to America . In the aftermath of the French and Dutch referenda , the European Commission and the European Parliament have sketched plans for a Europe-wide debate on these issues . But he never aspired
to lead a country . Countries like Pakistan , Egypt , Morocco , and Haiti have already experienced food riots . The UK example is important ; but , given the scope and scale of the challenges , the proposal
is a relatively modest one . Today 's best-selling non-fiction book in France is a polemic by Nicolas Baverez , La France qui tombe ( Falling France ) . Europeans often speak of an emerging G-3 “ , ” implying
an international system dominated by the United States , China , and the European Union . To that vision even cynics surrendered . More significant , Japan s leaders ’ are now openly debating ways to transform
the country ’ s post-World War II pacifism into a much more assertive nationalism . In fact , in August , the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force unveiled the helicopter destroyer Izumo , whose structure
and capabilities resemble those of an aircraft carrier , with possible offensive applications . SANTIAGO – Almost everywhere I have traveled in recent months , I have been asked the same question : Why
are Chile s students ’ and their families protesting ? To the surprise of many seasoned observers , foreign policy is having only a modest impact on voters . They must understand this . Niyazov forced students
, from grammar school to the post-graduate level , to make his idiosyncratic book , the Ruhnama , the primary focus of their studies . He also isolated Turkmenistan from the outside world , forbidding
access to the Internet and discouraging international travel . The Charter 77 movement that he founded provided the template for men like the imprisoned Nobel laureate Liu Xiaobo , who helped to found Charter
08 , which proclaimed that Chinese , too , could live in dignity and freedom . This reflects another aspect of US arrangements that , again , is not widely appreciated . He exulted that Leo s Catholic principles
’ “ on the social question have passed … little by little into the patrimony of all human society … not only in non-Catholic books and journals , but also in legislative halls and courts of justice . ” Only
then will America improve its competitiveness enough to allow the government to reduce both private and public debt to sustainable levels while maintaining a respectable growth rate . The result as – visible
as it was predictable – has been a sharp slowdown in economic growth . Instead , they will dwell on what is by now uncontroversial : welcoming the recent , if still fragile , progress in Israel-Palestine
relations , supporting stability in post-election Iraq and Afghanistan , and extolling the transatlantic link . Apart from noise problems , research animals are often housed in small cages with no source
of enrichment , such as wheels , shelves , or tubes . The new property law won ’ t be the breakthrough for rights protection that the government claims it is until it is matched by increased access to justice
for ordinary citizens . Fifteen years later , Jensen wrote a paper about the costs of excessive sensitivity of pay to performance . Those who acted differently were referred to pejoratively as “ job-hoppers
. ” And there would be a rush into jewelry and other hard-to-detect real assets . In early August , Brazil speeded up its IMF timetable and began negotiating a new $ 30 billion agreement . The prevailing
opinion among Palestinians is that the road map will be put into deep freeze once the Israelis complete their Gaza withdrawal . For good or for ill , the political power of the US makes it immune to prosecution
. There is a kernel of truth to many of the concerns cited above , especially with respect to the current inflation problem . It wants reassurance that the US will stand behind its debts . With China s ’
regime now gripped by fear of an Arab-style revolution , the government has chosen repression as the only means to maintain “ stability . ” On the day of Ai s arrest ’ , former Global Times journalist
Wen Tao was grabbed off the street in broad daylight . Here the old Leninist idea is in play : the party isn t just part ’ of society , it is society . Contrary to much popular opinion , trade with poor
countries does not pauperize rich countries . Moreover , it did so without an endgame strategy , and with a level of force so " underwhelming " that it made the outrageous behavior at the Abu Ghraib prison
almost inevitable . By so doing , Bush 's team left America 's friends in Latin America - no less than in Europe and elsewhere - in a hapless situation : rightly unable and unwilling to support the US
march of folly , and understandably reluctant to poison hemispheric relations in general with the type of strident criticism that local public opinion demands . WARSAW : Bombing Serbia and Serb forces in
Kosovo are not exactly what NATO 's new members in Central Europe expected when they joined the West 's premier security organization . When I asked people , during my visits to Buenos Aires , why Argentina
persisted in this economic folly , a single answer came back : " Yes , when Brazil went off its peg , its inflation remained moderate ; but Brazil is Brazil , and we are Argentina . " Restoring Solidarity
's public role was essential in all that was to follow . Indeed , in these elections the number of women candidates from all parties has visibly increased and so has female political overall activism . Ukraine
s President Leonid Kuchma ’ won re-election despite the misery of a decade of economic paralysis and widespread corruption . With these reforms , Mexico can finally begin to harvest the fruits of ten years
of stability and continuity -- not a mean feat for a country which had previously had major crises in every decade since the 1960s . But if a major flare-up causes investors to lose confidence in low volatility
, the bottom could fall out from under equity and housing prices . China has undertaken a nationwide campaign to reduce energy consumption per unit of GDP by 20 % by 2010 , and will hold local officials
accountable for achieving the targets . Hollande is determined to change course . He believes deeply in the centrality to Europe of the Franco-German relationship . Our attention , after all , is naturally
drawn to the worst events . Precisely because the worst events are statistical outliers , their causes are probably multiple . May 1 , 2006 , is a crucial date for Europe , for it is the deadline for implementing
the European Union s directive ’ on freedom of movement into national law . Most countries have already changed their immigration laws , or have promised to do so before the deadline . Both sides should
commit to an end to assassinations , shelling , bombings , and any other form of attacks on the other side s military targets ’ and citizens . Debriefing is invariably a short , usually single session ,
an intervention that is performed with as many of those caught up in a traumatic event as possible . OPEC countries grew rich , while the rest of the developing world struggled with unsustainable trade
deficits and indebtedness . Europe 's peoples have sanctioned limiting their own governments powers so as to achieve peace across Europe . In particular , there was a sudden increase in exports via the free-trade
zone in Guangdong . After the regulatory authorities intervened in May , annual exports to Hong Kong rose by only 7.7 % , down sharply from the 57 % increase reported in April . I , too , am fond of metaphors
. Governments have always worried about the flow and control of information , and the current period is not the first to be strongly affected by dramatic changes in information technology . The idea is that
the US government would serve as buyer of last resort for the junk debt that the private sector has not been able to price . Could the current standoff lead to such an outcome ? First , I wanted to provide
a Mexican voice in the immigration debate . Mexicans make up more than half of the flow and stock legal or not – – of all immigrants in the US , but a point of view attempting to reflect their interests
and aspirations has been largely absent from the American discussion . A friend working to provide family-planning advice to poor Kenyans recently told me that so many women were coming to the clinic that
she could not spend more than five minutes with each . Despite the obvious imbalance with the US in terms of modern armaments , it would be shortsighted to ignore China 's own formidable military hardware
. June 4 , the day Peoples Liberation Army troops ’ drove the students and their supporters from Tiananmen Square , is remembered in the West as a tragic example of state violence against unarmed citizens
, and a memorial to the suppressed yearnings of the Chinese people for freedom and democracy . But , in other parts of the world where industrialization is accelerating , sulfur emissions continue to increase
. Anything less would be utterly unacceptable to ordinary Russians traumatized by the body count of dead hostages in Moscow . While China is in better shape than India , neither economy is likely to implode
on its own . Yet in 2006 , when Israel and Hezbollah fought to a stalemate in Lebanon , states were only too happy to turn to a UN peacekeeping force . The Fund s shareholders ’ would have to agree to incur
those costs . If the US would pursue politics rather than war , it would understand that more development spending and a commercial approach to Asia , Africa , and the Middle East , rather than the current
military approach , would best serve American interests . Xenophobic populism is stalking democracies in Europe . Social-democratic parties are shrinking , while right-wing demagogues promise to protect
“ Western values ” from the Islamic hordes . When it comes to capitalism vs. socialism , we know which side the US is on . Meanwhile , with some exceptions – most notably Finland – Europe has slipped into
riding in the peloton . These arguments are advanced in good faith and deserve serious consideration . But the art of leading rests on calculating costs and benefits and exercising judgment when the balance
is unclear . The only question that Obama should ask Netanyahu is , When will Israel quit the occupied Palestinian territories ? If European leaders do plan to meet in 2014 in Sarajevo , they should act
now . The ratification of the Lisbon Treaty allows for an element of visionary realism in European politics , as there are no longer any institutional obstacles to the future enlargement of the EU . Replacing
this oil at market prices could cost more than $ 600 million a year . The UK , which currently holds the rotating Council of Europe Chair , has announced that it will seek adoption by April of a ministerial
declaration on Court reform . In the last years of the increasingly unstable Weimar Republic , as democracy was fraying , German governments started to use their opponents ’ radicalism in an effort to extract
security concessions from the Western powers . Domestic political pressure became a source of heightened international tension . The pace of the decline of Western influence seems to have accelerated over
the past decade . The Saudis made it clear in 2003 that they could no longer host US military installations . So the question is this : who will Palestinians , in particular the Hamas constituency , think
is better able to secure these goals , Abbas or Barghouti ? That answer will most likely determine who will be the PA s ’ next leader . Her style of leadership , which has mostly consisted of taking a wait-and-see
approach to issues , fits this uncertainty well . But this substitution cannot continue indefinitely . We believe that an effect-based approach , based on an agreed threshold , would minimize the negative
consequences of more host-country intervention in regulation and supervision . I can answer that question only in my own area expertise , economics . In Banda Aceh , the tsunami killed more than half the
city s population ’ . In Padang , according to an estimate by the director of the city s disaster management office ’ , a similar tsunami could kill more than 400,000 people . What , then , would an international
system of national capitalisms look like ? Those goals are achievable . The challenge is implementation . But much more needs to be done . Britain 's experience shows that there are strong reasons for optimism
. Observing this , Timothy Garton Ash wrote : “ It is a perverted moral code that will allow a million innocent civilians of another race to be made destitute because you are not prepared to risk the life
of a single professional soldier of your own . ” In Kosovo restricting intervention to aerial bombardment made this strategy a total success : NATO forces suffered not a single casualty in combat , but
approximately 300 Kosovar , 209 Serb and 3 Chinese civilians were killed . It is this new momentum that now may drive the process . There are several reasons why the G-20 world has become a G-Zero world
. First , when discussion moves beyond generic principles into detailed policy proposals , it ’ s much more difficult to reach clear agreements among 20 negotiators than among seven . That image of the
earth from space had a profound psychological effect , and we all saw it . Sound economic judgment and discretion are required as well , given the need to weigh the risks of alternative policies and the
ease with which financial markets can be roiled . But , sadly , the treaty will only entrench postcommunism 's corrupt and criminal business practices , not increase trade or prosperity . In developing a
strategy for pooling government debt , Europe s leaders ’ must address the possibility of moral hazard ( the temptation for weaker countries to relax their debt- and deficit-reduction efforts in response
to the increased credibility conferred by stronger countries ) . We understood where we were heading , because we knew where we had been . As the Lisbon Treaty comes into force , the European Union is ,
I believe , uniquely suited to take on its leadership responsibilities . The third-ranked organization was Interplast , which is more narrowly focused on correcting deformities like cleft palate . Perhaps
the most interesting new aspect in the upcoming indirect talks is what has been happening on the ground in the occupied territories . Or India and Brazil , two huge countries ? While election day itself
was relatively free from fraud and thuggery , the process leading up to the ballot was fraught with abuse . Japan ’ s National Institute of Population and Social Security Research recently forecast that
by 2060 , the country will have lost nearly one-third of its 2010 population of 128 million , and just half of this smaller population will be between 15 and 65 years old – the most productive age group
in any economy . For the EU s smaller countries ’ , the lesson is clear : if they do not reduce their budget deficits , there is a high risk of a speculative attack , with little hope for adequate assistance
from their neighbors , at least not without painful and counterproductive pro-cyclical budgetary restraints . Nowadays , instruments of mass destruction are smaller , cheaper , and more readily available
. Instead of receiving social and medical assistance , they are arrested and turned into felons . Certainly , it would not be viewed favorably in considering a candidate for tenure or a promotion . Since
it does not include equations or statistical tables , they would argue , it is not serious work that is worthy of scholarly attention . COPENHAGEN – A girl born in South Asia or sub-Saharan Africa faces
a cruel double burden . Before starting down that road , the US should be convinced that military action would not require US ground forces in Syria . Those responsible for the EU s day-to-day operations
’ , including the Board of the European Central Bank , would be accountable to the Parliament , which could dismiss them for failing to carry out their mandates . Slowing the growth of government spending
for Medicare and Social Security is necessary to prevent a long-term explosion of the national debt or dramatic increases in personal tax rates . Those changes should also be phased in gradually to protect
beneficiaries and avoid an economic downturn . But it would be far better if they made an effort to fix them . Among its avowed priorities , UNESCO lists gender equality , universal education , sustainable
development , and ethics . So the growing power of today ’ s China naturally raises legitimate concerns . This effort to encircle India by sea with strategically positioned naval stations from Hainan in
the East to Gwadar in the West , and on land by promoting bogus Pakistani claims that undermine India ’ s territorial integrity , takes the Great Game “ ” to a new and more dangerous level . What will happen
with Syria s Kurds and Palestinians ’ , or its Christians , Druze , and smaller Muslim minorities ? A society s sense ’ of solidarity can be sustained only if all of its different spiritual groups recreate
their sense of dedication to it : if Christians see it as central to their Christianity , if Muslims see it as central to their Islam , and if the various kinds of lay philosophies see it as central to
their philosophies . Older people , who were prudent and held their money in government bonds , will see lower returns – further curtailing their consumption . And low interest rates will encourage firms
that do invest to spend on fixed capital like highly automated machines , thereby ensuring that , when recovery comes , it will be relatively jobless . The sovereign right of the Irish people to decide
their own future is unchallengeable . But Ireland should also allow the EU ’ s other member states to proceed with the Lisbon Treaty if that is what they wish . The United States had emerged from the war
as the world s largest creditor ’ , but it had a double vulnerability . Its financial system was unstable and prone to panics , and its political system was immature and prone to populism and nativism
. This will reduce the danger of excessive capital flows to emerging markets , but the next crisis is likely to arise from inadequate capital flows . 38 This was most obvious with the intellectual responses
to Islamist terror : terms like “ Islamo-fascism or third totalitarianism ” “ ” were coined not just to characterize a new enemy of the West , but also to evoke the experience of the anti-totalitarian
struggles that preceded and followed World War II . How can growth be revived when austerity will almost surely mean a further decrease in aggregate demand , sending output and employment even lower ? Consider
, first , the recent nuclear agreement signed between the US and India . Even in a worst-case scenario , some degree of intra-European cooperation will surely survive . Waving to the onlookers , she looked
like Snow White . Parties have become machines for allocating power rather than for gathering and representing the interests of citizens . Dressed in his military suit until his last day , Abu Ammar ( Arafat
s revolutionary nom de guerre ’ ) did not believe that it was time to become a civilian president while the Israeli occupation continued . Dressed in a suit and tie , Abbas introduced professional Western-style
management to the presidency , but had no idea what to do with grass-roots militants . And , even if new sanctions are imposed , the door to the Six-Party Talks must be left open for Kim Jong-il . Although
free speech is no panacea for China s woes ’ , only when it is established will the country s ’ progress be sustainable . Despite the watchful eyes of Big Brother in Beijing , the Internet is sowing the
seeds of free speech in China . What happens if an apparently minor system “ ” – such as social media – sparks a major geopolitical crisis “ ” ? The Revolt of China s Twittering Classes ’ New Delhi – A month
after they first queued to vote in India s mammoth general election ’ , the country s voters ’ will learn the outcome on May 16 . Indeed , Japan ’ s quest to re-establish its own military capability is
a vote of limited confidence in its US ally . Does Egypt Need a Pharaoh ? Sanofi-Aventis recently announced that it would halve the price of its diabetes drug , Lantus , and cancer treatment , Taxotere ,
in Indonesia and the Philippines . With tensions much higher today , however , such acts – even if carried out by unknown or unofficial groups – can trigger war . In a longer historical perspective , this
policy paralysis may not be surprising . He may not wish to be king again , but he certainly can be a kingmaker , owing to his control of Mediaset , Italy s largest media group ’ . French state capitalism
is dead , and France is finding it hard to come to terms with its passing . Unfortunately , Japan ’ s public officials appear incapable of similar flexibility . The reasons for Europe s defection ’ are eminently
geopolitical . Dire predictions that the rise of the SWF s ’ means that the global financial system is becoming a form of state capitalism may be exaggerated . But a small group of government players managing
a vast amount of foreign assets does create complications . But there are promising signs that , over time , the advanced countries difficulties ’ will trigger a healthy , if belated , shift in Asia s development
strategy ’ , with China leading the way . A few years ago , I would be thrilled to see a Web site listed within any of those ads . Now URLs are routine . By Thursday a run on money market funds was in full
swing and we came as close to a meltdown as at any time since the 1930s . Eisenhower ended the Korean War , Nixon the war in Vietnam both wars – started by their Democrat predecessors . By contrast , the
addition of $ 700billion on the demand side may not be sufficient to arrest the decline of housing prices . An Eddie “ ” in Los Angeles sent me an email asking if I wanted to serve on the advisory board
to his new hedge fund . Indeed , the Group s final report ’ , released earlier this month , states that the agreement “ should be designed to evolve over time , ” moving “ progressively toward a more integrated
transatlantic marketplace . ” Specifically , the group recommends establishing “ an on-going mechanism for improved dialogue and cooperation ” on regulatory issues and non-tariff barriers , as well as
a framework “ for identifying opportunities for … future regulatory cooperation . ” The controversy on the essential meaning of modernization , also known as an identity crisis , does impact Western countries
as well . It took decades to become real , and there are still countries that have a long way to go . Despite Tymoshenko s leading role ’ in Ukraine , it would be surprising to see Russian President Vladimir
Putin replaced by a woman , and , while there is a female vice-president in China , there is no sign of a woman becoming Japanese prime minister soon . So how do we fight such an amorphous enemy ? US Federal
Reserve Board Chairman Ben Bernanke s notion ’ of a global savings glut “ ” is a commonly cited explanation for falling world interest rates . Credit constraints in fast-growing developing economies may
be the reason why the glut emerged in the first place . Colombia today is far worse than Chicago under Al Capone . So , too , are other Latin American , Caribbean and Asian countries . The goal is not to
prevent developing countries growth-related emissions ’ , but to slow their rise and eventually reverse them as these countries become richer . While paper maps can accurately portray static features like
rivers and mountains , they cannot easily be updated when new buildings are constructed , roads are rerouted , or new restaurants open . Indeed , properly implemented development assistance can catalyze
additional funding and improve access to other resources . A month later , a similarly named Islamic party in Morocco , Parti de la Justice et du Development ( PJD ) , finished third in legislative elections
. Last December , the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt ( legally banned since 1954 ) scored equally impressive results , garnering 20 % of the popular vote and 88 seats in the Parliament , making it the main
opposition bloc to Mubarak s ruling National Democratic Party ’ ( NDP ) . Turkey is invited to Council meetings , it can participate in various EU programs and in manifestations of the European Common Foreign
Policy , and , as a member of NATO , it is a partner in EU-NATO security cooperation . Public works and pork-barrel spending fell to 5.1 % of the budget this year , from 13 % in 2000 . Commercial debt usually
has covenants that limit the borrower s ability ’ to roll the dice . Berlin – For two weeks , it looked like the regime in Iran had finally gotten the message that , if it continues to pursue its nuclear
program , serious military confrontation is likely to result . Indeed , there were interesting – and previously unheard of – statements and signals from Teheran that suggested an increased willingness
to start negotiating about Iran s nuclear program and regional security issues ’ . Integration is irrelevant to that question , and , in those areas where deeper integration really would benefit Europe
, it appears to be the last thing that national leaders want . Lebanon is poised to hold a presidential election that none of its contending factions – indeed , none of the rival parties in the region –
can afford to lose . The most common among them are the indirect ( and often unintended ) consequences of the bailouts that governments mounted as a consequence of the crisis . First , the Iraqi government
must immediately establish “ Protection of Women security patrols ” in Iraq s southern cities ’ . The European Union ’ s agricultural subsidies , for example , are high enough to permit every cow in Europe
to fly business class around the world . There is a lot of shouting in the jury room . Indeed , the political genius of the men who built the welfare state was their insight that it would benefit the middle
class even more than it would benefit the poor . Its units are no longer simple terrorist cells ; they are highly trained and well-equipped combat units , and its rockets , like those in southern Lebanon
, are launched with timers from crude underground silos . Now , how would such a perceptual system respond to the stimulus of the Moon Illusion - a stimulus that changes only in the elevation of the Moon
over the ground ? On the conservative side , Jacques Chirac now officially supports Sarkozy , but he may also secretly encourage his most loyal supporters to vote for Bayrou , even if there is no love lost
between the two men . Although currency internationalization is not tantamount to capital-account liberalization , progress on the former presupposes progress on the latter . By allowing enterprises to
choose currencies for trade settlement , and creating renminbi recycling mechanisms “ , ” the government effectively eased the restrictions on short-term cross-border capital flows . In a period of American
strategic rebalancing toward the Asia-Pacific region , the US needs Japan as much as Japan needs the US . Danish newspapers – coincidentally in the native country of the story of the Emperor s New Clothes
happily ’ – quoted the WWF regarding the event ’ s overwhelming success . For example , some leveraging of the budget could be allowed , although this would spark controversy , given that EU treaties require
that the budget remains balanced at all times . It should be emulated by other developing countries , not shunned because of a preventable disaster . In his opinion , the underlying old patterns “ ” of political
behavior ( some a legacy of the pre-communist era ) were temporarily pushed to the background by the wave of pro-Western civic liberalism that followed the collapse of communism in the region . Now the
old patterns of political behavior are returning to the fore . If a great power forgets this , or loses the ability to act accordingly , it begins to decline . It is almost tempting to think that America
’ s great Cold War opponent , the Soviet Union , with its sudden disappearance 15 years ago this month , left its own Trojan horse for America – the poisoned gift of unilateralism . This would be possible
if the gains from automation were not mostly seized by the rich and powerful , but were distributed fairly instead . But the truth is that both parties are hiding from the reality : without more taxes ,
a modern , competitive US economy is not possible . Some people argue that the US could enhance security in northeast Asia by compromising with the North Koreans – specifically , by promising not to attack
or attempt to topple the Kim regime . Erdoğan has now developed a plan that would take advantage of this development , ensure his political control , and lock in energy security for his country . The Invisible-Border
War A similar choice was made on the left by Veltroni , whose Democratic Party is now allied with Antonio Di Pietro s Italy ’ of Values Party . Monti should not risk European stability for his personal benefit
. Thailand s color-coated crisis ’ pits largely urban , conservative , and royalist yellow shirts “ ” against the predominantly rural red columns “ ” of former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra . For much
of Thailand s long economic boom ’ of the past two decades , wealth resided mostly in the Bangkok metropolitan area , a boon to the burgeoning urban middle class , but deeply resented by the rural majority
. I presented this plan when I chaired the G-20 in London in 2009 . The third option is the Scandinavian way . If , on the contrary , the Atlantic partnership disintegrates into rivalry or hostility , the
world will become more dangerous . One difficulty with the British government s response ’ is that it classifies all Muslims as just that : Muslim . By defining people on the basis of their religion , nuances
– of national identity or of the degree of orthodoxy – are lost . But the precision experiments required to measure the strong force can be designed and built with known technology . In the Palestinian case
, with the lack of the kind of leadership that Arafat provided , the radical wing , Hamas , cannot be discarded from the process leading to Palestinian statehood . A new report by the US Institute of Medicine
has found that America s for-profit system squanders ’ around $ 750 billion , or 5 % of GDP , on waste , fraud , duplication , and bureaucracy . Cameroon is expected to attract $ 10 billion over the next
few years to develop some of the most promising new mineral reserves in the region , while Equatorial Guinea is pushing infrastructure development . Elsewhere , BHP Billiton announced the discovery of
an estimated 60 million tons of manganese in southeastern Gabon , while France ’ s AREVA is drawing up plans to build a large mine in the Central African Republic to exploit uranium deposits . As it happens
, Thaksin was overthrown in 2006 by a military coup that was largely backed by the Bangkok elites . The ban on tank-washing , technical features such as double hulls and sectioning of tanks , introduction
of one-way sea lanes and , most important , the use of Global Positioning Systems , have greatly reduced the amount of oil entering the sea from tankers . Matters are made no better by controlling credit
flows via a fiscal government , which is what the eurozone countries have now decided they want . European Union heads of government , and the European Central Bank , initially rejected the idea of involving
the International Monetary Fund , but without a fall-back plan . That may not be surprising , given the violence and turmoil elsewhere in the region . As the poet Carl Sandburg put it in 1961 : “ What ,
Hollywood ’ s more important than Harvard ? A second approach would be to tax the big international banks , which are earning excessive profits on their speculative trading . In places like south Lebanon
, which suffer from deep social cleavages and inequalities , free elections and free trade hold little resonance for people who are impoverished and marginalized . When one looks closely at the numbers
, the heart of the BRIC acronym is the rise in China s resources ’ , but the role of Brazil is a pleasant surprise . The government should abolish coeducation . Only a few structural changes are needed to
get Japan 's growth machine working again . After all , the conflict in Darfur has been underway for five and a half years . An estimated 300,000 people have been killed by forces ultimately controlled
by al-Bashir , and an estimated 2.7 million have been forcibly displaced . Russia s interests ’ are by necessity becoming global . The bankers of the Italian Renaissance also bought works of art because
they reminded them of timeless values that transcended quotidian transactions . In fact , anti-fragile structures and processes are all around us – suffusing life itself . But Japan ’ s long-floundering
economy has eaten revenue from traditional activities that required muscle , such as gambling , prostitution , and loan-sharking . Different types of policies call for different responses at the global
level . Or does it simply reflect the fact that the ECB now is reverting to its old policy of not commenting on exchange rates whatever the circumstance ? As a signal to both , Nato s military presence ’
in the Baltics should be kept to a minimum . The crash in equity prices since 2000 in most countries has made financial assets look less secure , spurring a " flight to quality " - in this case , housing
. Moreover , terrorism is now viewed as a problem for everyone , with major tragedies in Indonesia , Spain , and Russia . By day three , we will see journalists imprisoned and media shut down ; day four
, bloody reprisals against protesters by secret police ; day five , arrests of key opposition figures . Good plumbers cost a small fortune , because here , too , the technology has evolved very slowly . From
the time construction of the port began , Gwadar was widely seen as representing China s first strategic foothold ’ in the Arabian Sea , as part of its strategy to assemble a string “ of pearls ” along
the Indian Ocean rim . Something is amiss in the world of finance . America is not France – at least not yet . Rather than grappling with this , radicals like bin Laden blame outsiders , particularly the
United States and Europe . But the ultimate solution , according to Bush , is the creation of fair and open political and economic systems that can eliminate anger and frustration through peaceful means
. If the euro falls by 20-25 % , bringing it close to parity with the dollar and weakening it to a similar extent against other currencies , the current-account deficits in Italy , Spain , and France would
shrink and their economies would strengthen . German exports would also benefit from a weaker euro , boosting overall economic demand in Germany . The civil war will escalate further , because it is part
of a larger contest for supremacy between Iran and its Shia allies and Saudi Arabia , Turkey , and the other Sunni countries . In 1998 , Guangdong province alone received 26.5 % of FDI while the entire
West of China received 3 % . To defuse an electoral fight with his rival , Schroeder agreed . Any hint of compromise will expose officials politically . In order to facilitate the replacement , the extras
become part of a dialog with surrounding cells , and others deep in the brain , then sacrifice themselves . IRENA may not be a component of the UN system , but it should be regarded as part of the family
from the outset . In fact , profound disagreements on foreign policy among EU members represent one of the main reasons why the EU can not and should not become a federal state in the traditional sense
. When Japan emerged as a world power , imperial conquest followed , whereas a rising China s expansionist impulses ’ are , to some extent , checked by other Asian powers . Militarily , China is in no position
to grab the territories that it covets . If they let the exchange rate rise , they might deter some capital inflows , but they would also penalize their exporters and push up domestic unemployment . European
governments are not in a position to instruct the ECB to purchase government bonds . Higher prices fuel higher growth in these countries , which , accompanied by a population boom , leads to higher domestic
energy consumption . That , in turn , reduces oil exports , driving up prices further . Why was Shiller wrong ? When foreign credit dried up for Brazil years ago , the only way to avoid bankruptcy was to
call in the IMF . Now , if something similar happens , the central bank will have the foreign exchange needed to service its debts while maintaining a stable exchange rate . Israel is closer to Nicosia
than to Berlin , not only in geographic but also in political terms , because successive Israeli and Palestinian leaders have likewise failed to demonstrate qualities of vision and imagination . Since then
it has been left behind not only by the world-beating growth of Chinese science but also by India and Brazil . ” Americans – at least white , male Americans – did not have to worry about tradeoffs between
security and opportunity , because the US offered the advantages of both . In the poorest region , the North and Northeast , the numbers fall to 8.6 % and 8.3 % . Indians braved the 3,000-meter heights to
run a power-transmission line from Pul-e-Khumri to Kabul giving – round-the-clock electricity to the capital for the first time since 1982 . The referendum s outcome ’ will prove an important guide regarding
the direction the country is likely to take . So there is no way Europe will become a magnet for world capital flows anytime soon . Fortunately , if countries increase productivity with the aim of boosting
relative productivity and growth potential on the tradable side , this will increase incomes and accelerate the growth of global aggregate demand . January ’ s Palestinian elections were won by a relatively
moderate leader because he was put forward by the ruling Fatah movement and Islamists boycotted the election . But in the Gaza Strip local elections soon afterward , radical Islamists who use terrorism
won seven of the ten municipal councils . Compared to banks that are not undergoing examination , the volume of loans by banks in the six quarters surrounding a CRA examination is 5 % higher , and these
loans are 15 % more likely to be delinquent one year after origination . In other words , banks undergoing examination lend more and make riskier loans – and these findings are even more pronounced in
CRA-eligible tracts . In parallel , European post-doctoral schemes need reappraisal . In the US , such schemes contribute to widespread dissemination of expertise , whereas European laboratories still use
them as waiting lines without putting enough emphasis on multinational and multidisciplinary trajectories . BERKELEY Harvard professor Dani Rodrik – – perhaps the finest political economist of my generation
– recently reported on his blog that a colleague has been declaring the past three decades “ the Age of Milton Friedman . ” In terms ofraw power , Russia is clearly inferior to the former Soviet Union . So
we should not leap to the conclusion that if most engineers are men , there must be discrimination against women . It will be interesting to watch status-quo Italian politicians face up to these issues
. This does not mean that either fiscal policy or monetary policy has graduated to the status of a science like chemistry , underpinned by natural laws that generate precisely foreseeable outcomes . But
surely we have learned since 1913 that fiscal expansion is appropriate under some conditions , even if it is inappropriate under others . By contrast , American foreign-policy formation is highly constrained
by institutions like Congress , the courts , and the constitution . Thus , we would expect less opportunity for transformational leadership . In 2007 , his national security adviser told a colleague of
mine , “ All of this is the work of Korean leftists : there ’ s nothing to it . ” Investments in effective prevention , treatment and research in 2005 and 2006 will save millions of lives , lessen the socio-economic
impact of the diseases in poorer countries , and remove the need for increased spending on these chronic crises in the future . Bankers want to be so highly leveraged for a simple reason : implicit government
guarantees mean that they get the upside when things go well , while the downside is someone else s problem ’ . Contrary to bankers claims ’ , this is not a good arrangement for society . Such values owe
their origin to the original Confucianism “ ” of Confucius , Mencius , and Xunzi , which existed before Confucianism became established as state orthodoxy . All this talk is essential and good . But it
is vital to move quickly beyond rhetoric if we are to deal effectively with Europe 's " Northern Dimension . " But the playing field has always been unlevel . How could developing countries compete with
America s subsidies and guarantees ’ ? “ Don t measure others ’ by our yardsticks , ” a leading Swedish playright / novelist wrote as Pol Pot s regime ’ exterminated a quarter of Cambodia s population ’
. What he meant was that the mass murder of Cambodians was not deplorable in the same way as the mass murder of Europeans is . Such hardline , zero-sum thinking is not the exclusive preserve of American
think tanks . At the same time , they held an average of $ 88 million in their firms equity and options ’ . Fortunately , this is possible . Communism and fascism were born and took root in societies demoralized
by war , which is why all steps should be taken now to prevent the outbreak of war . Coming from a president who won global sympathy – and a Nobel Peace Prize – for his moral stance , the claim that the
NSA s activities ’ are justified because “ that ’ s how intelligence services operate ” is particularly disappointing . It is the only G-20 country outside of the WTO , which accounts for 96 % of global
trade . The WTO also represents a choice of economic and political strategy . In private , it has begun to do so . Even though the line covers the waters northeast of the Indonesian-owned Natuna Islands
, the Chinese government has given Indonesia categorical assurances that China does not claim the Natuna Islands or their Exclusive Economic Zone . The country remains the world s largest creditor ’ , and
has slowly but steadily eliminated enormous non-performing loans in its banking sector . China ’ s future choices depend on whether “ clean coal ” can really work effectively and on a large scale . By simultaneously
encouraging China s entry ’ into the World Trade Organization and other institutions , we created incentives for good behavior . But shops and showrooms cannot be transformed into tourist attractions ,
whose capacity will remain limited until enough time has passed to build new hotels , recreational facilities , etc . In the past , rising prices had a strong effect on US oil consumption . The region ’
s entire value system – a political culture forged by autocracy – is being transformed . Arab men and women have shed the sense of humiliation and inferiority that despotism imposed on them – and that
fostered desperation , anger , violence , and insularity . Within a year of taking office , my predecessor increased the NFA s debt ’ to 18 billion pesos . Indian children inhale large doses of sulphur and
potassium chlorate to fashion flammable powder into matches . Three central issues of IMF reform should also be taken on board . A conference is to be held in May to renew and review it . On the other hand
, Hamas s history ’ and current behavior clearly indicate that it regards elections as merely a political tool , and that it is devoid of any commitment to the norms and values underlying democracy . Unfortunately
, his streak of success will inevitably call forth an economic reckoning that will shock France s ’ apparently unsuspecting citizens and doom the French elite s approach ’ to the construction “ of Europe
. ” But such spending on imported rice is a scandal , because , with the help of wise policies , African farmers could grow much more rice , perhaps enough to eliminate virtually all imports . Much of the
rice grown in Pakistan , Vietnam , and especially America is stimulated by subsidies , and then dumped into African markets at low prices – sometimes below the cost of production . But a government that
includes the SDP or the Greens would contain at least one party that is ready for more significant steps toward a quasi-federal eurozone featuring elements of fiscal union ( though limited for the sake
of constitutional compliance ) . As we have recently witnessed , terrorists can be attacked and stopped before they can cause harm ; individuals and countries can be defended ; and societies can take steps
to bolster their resilience when they are successfully attacked , as on occasion they inevitably will be . Two important options for raising consumption are social insurance – which is developing , but
too slowly – and reducing state-owned enterprises ’ huge savings by paying dividends to citizens , much as privately owned companies routinely pay dividends to shareholders . In a " now you see it , now
you don 't " move only a magician should love , the $ 3 trillion , ten year ( non social security ) US budget surplus was - in a matter of months - converted into a gapingdeficit of $ 2 trillion dollars
. Each campaign is now desperately trying to gauge the impact of the financial crisis on these battleground states . We already have plenty of pictures of Francis kissing babies ; what he faces now – in
Brazil and around the world – are strategic matters of genuine substance . Already , democracy has lost legitimacy here and social protest movements grow increasingly violent . I agree with Chua to this
extent : a reluctance to tell a child what to do can go too far . Realists observe that in the long race between the environment and technology , it appears that technology has so far been losing . Nature
, as we have learned from the tsunami , has its own timetable . It took a long time , but the contagion of a sound financial idea has been unmistakable . Her proposals for constitutional reform would make
Ukraine a pure parliamentary republic , while retaining a president as head of state and commander in chief of the armed forces . Similarly , ethnic groups and individuals vary widely in their ability to
clear medications from the bloodstream , owing to differences in the activity of the enzymes that metabolize , or degrade , drugs . That is important because low metabolizers clear certain drugs slowly
and have more medication in their systems for longer periods of time than high metabolizers . One is the beginning of the end of the nearly decade-long struggle in Afghanistan – the longest war in United
States history – with President Barack Obama announcing the withdrawal of 30,000 US troops from the country by next summer . The other is the 40th anniversary of Henry Kissinger ’ s secret mission to Beijing
, a turning point in the Cold War and the first step on China s road ’ to modernization – but at the time a huge shock to Asia , particularly Japan . Investors now recognize that they did not really understand
what these bonds represented – that is , the institutional construct behind the European currency . And if the global financial crisis has taught us anything , it is this : when you do not understand a
financial product , you should not buy it . But , while such competition would reveal new global scarcities , it would also bring higher prices , thereby encouraging producers to increase yields and productivity
. Rather than poor countries growing faster than the rich ( as we would expect from Economics 101 ) , mainly the reverse is true . In addition to tempering debt problems , a short burst of moderate inflation
would reduce the real ( inflation-adjusted ) value of residential real estate , making it easier for that market to stabilize . Absent significant inflation , nominal house prices probably need to fall
another 15 % in the US , and more in Spain , the UK , and many other countries . The same can be said of capital inflows and the upward pressure that they place on the real exchange rate . For example ,
in subsistence rural areas , a bad harvest may lead to starvation before the next year s crop ’ is in . Those countries whose prices have shot up over the last decade point the finger , correctly , at German
competitive disinflation , which has led the ECB to keep interest rates low instead of helping them to halt the price spiral . A raft of populist policies underpinned his first four-year government , from
rural debt suspension and cheap universal healthcare to handing out $ 25,000 to each of 77,000 villages for entrepreneurial start-up funds . Reminiscent of development strategies prevalent in East Asia
, Thaksin picked strategic niche industries to propel Thailand s economic expansion ’ , focusing on automobiles , fashion , food , healthcare , and tourism . The current combination of exceptionally low
yields and high prices suggests that much of the world is in a bond-market bubble , and when it bursts in coming years , a period of higher long-term interest rates and lower long-term bond prices will
follow . For politicians like French President Nicolas Sarkozy , such considerations may be meaningless . But what if Turkey were to abandon its European ambitions and align itself strategically with Russia
or even Iran ? Opinion on this matter is divided between conservative economists and official bodies like the IMF and OECD . To put the pre-invasion figure in perspective , consider United Nations Population
Division figures , which are generally considered to be of very high quality . He realized that it was important to act early , with money that would be spent quickly , but that there was a risk that the
crisis would not be over soon . There comes a point when promises of independence no longer convince anyone . The weakening political positions of the leaders complicates matters even more . So , there will
be no panic this time . On the contrary , the left s return ’ to power appears to be an entirely normal , almost trivial , example of alternation in government . In other words , if the advanced countries
absorb mitigation costs in the short run , while mitigation efforts lower emissions growth in developing countries , the conflict between developing countries growth ’ and success in limiting global emissions
may be reconciled – or at least substantially reduced . As a result , highly indebted governments were the next to hit the wall . Some were pushed there by the high cost of containing the damage from banks
irresponsible behavior ’ . Its airport has become a global hub of such significance that German regulators recently had to force Emirates Airlines to raise its rates to Frankfurt , lest national champion
Lufthansa lose too much business . In 2003 , we prevented a fresh outbreak of hostilities in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia through our diplomatic efforts and then deployed Operation Concordia
. In 2004 , Operation Althea took over from the NATO peacekeeping force in Bosnia and Herzegovina . In contrast to old leftist slogans against repaying foreign debt , Lula s government ’ has hurried to
settle all of its IMF obligations in advance . Indeed , the revolution is already upon us . This change in political direction coincided with ­ - indeed , was perhaps responsible for - the process that we
now call globalization . But other jurisdictions should not act to undercut the restrictions imposed by home authorities . More than most places , Latin America was born in violent conquest . This year ,
confronted with a revival of nationalist sentiment , former Polish President Lech Wałęsa – the leader of the anti-communist Solidarity movement – suggested that his country should enter into political
union with Germany . One was put forward by the controversial Muslim activist Tariq Ramadan . He blames French society . But hygiene recommendations like hand-washing and cough-covering help only a little
. Today , Poland s Jewish population ’ numbers only a few thousand . “ When are we going to get good news ? ” we ask . And , for the first time in 17 years , after three consecutive defeats , the left embodied
– in the Socialist candidate , François Hollande – will return to Élysée Palace . Indeed , the first implication of this unquestionably significant election is that it confirms a return to stability . The
problem is already evident . The euro crisis has challenged the view that the transition to a multi-reserve regime will have a smooth dynamic . Corrections from the elitist mainstream media “ ” are dismissed
as enemy propaganda . The alternative is to revert to illiberal autocracy . And what too many people want can be dangerous to a civilized , law-based society . With little fanfare , January 25 , 2004 , marked
a milestone in the history of the protection of human rights in Africa : the entry into force of the Protocol for establishing an African Court on Human and Peoples ' Rights . The same Americans who cried
with joy on the night of November 4 are now seized with apprehension as economic hardship becomes more real by the day , as they witness the consequences of the crisis for their neighbors , if not themselves
. A US peace plan that is fair and reasonable would certainly have many ordinary Israelis and Palestinians cheering . It could cause some major damage to right-wing Israeli political forces that came to
power as a result of eight years of former US president George Bush s so-called war ’ on terror . BERKELEY – The odds are now about 36 % that the United States will be in a recession next year . The reason
is entirely political : partisan polarization has reached levels never before seen , threatening to send the US economy tumbling over the fiscal cliff “ ” – the automatic tax increases and spending cuts
that will take effect at the beginning of 2013 unless Democrats and Republicans agree otherwise . It also argued that labeling GM foods is required in accordance with consumers ' right to make informed
choices about what they eat . And who could blame them ? The world s law-abiding governments ’ and ordinary citizens should call and email DeWalt , the Pentagon , and the White House press office to demand
answers . A young man with a great deal of potentially compromising information died under suspicious circumstances in US custody . Throwing such disparate groups into one body politic doomed the newly
invented country to decades of strife and repression . Rather than tinkering , perhaps the EU should boldly create an American-style bicameral system by turning the parliament into a House of Representatives
and electing a Senate to replace the Council of Ministers , with two senators per member state . But that is probably far too revolutionary for an EU that took 50 years to fashion today ’ s unsatisfactorily
hybrid decision-making structures . Expansionary monetary policy has been successful , but only by pushing interest rates to historic lows - and by convincing investors that borrowing costs will remain
at their current levels for a long time . Children with intellectual disabilities often experience syndrome-specific risks , sensory or physical impairments , and other health issues , including epilepsy
, heart disease , and respiratory disease . American newspapers now report that former Shell Oil CEO Philip Carroll will be appointed as the US czar of Iraqi oil . If you don ’ t trust the numbers , you
can t trust ’ the debt . Even most Americans were reluctant to enter Iraq without the UN ’ s blessing . The democratic deliberative process worked , and it yielded the right answer . The assets either would
have to be priced at far above their market value , with taxpayers thereby subsidizing the previous , failed owners , or the private bank would not have been helped at all . As a result , a RMB1 billion
reduction in exports would create more unemployment than a RMB1 billion reduction in investment spending . This fudge has been the foundation for the international approach to proliferation . Some of these
workers are directed by North Korea s embassy ’ in Teheran , which is primarily concerned with acting as a Party watchdog over fellow citizens stationed in Iran . More than 80 % of the value of these incentives
goes to the top 20 % of taxpayers , who earn more than $ 100,000 a year . Moreover , while the incentives cost the US Treasury nearly $ 100 billion annually , they induce little new saving ; instead ,
they cause high-income taxpayers to shift their savings to tax-advantaged assets – a major reason why President Barack Obama proposes capping the tax deduction for retirement saving . In the 12 years since
their commercial introduction , insect-resistant GM crops have increased yields while significantly decreasing the use of toxic pesticides . As we know from Nazi Germany and other cases , such movements
do not always lead to a happy outcome . In fact , because most consumer goods are imported , it is unlikely that domestic companies will benefit at all . Your local bank offers you what is certified to be
a teaser loan – a prescription product . The Global Economy s Dialogue ’ of the Deaf Although it is too soon to tell what , if anything , will come of the current diplomatic charm offensive by Iran s ’ more
moderate new president , Hassan Rouhani , it might herald an important shift in Iranian policy that could ultimately enable regional reconciliation . The EU can and must prevail in this fight and in the
defense of the values that it cherishes . by George Soros In many matters pertaining to the Lisbon Strategy , the EU cannot avoid member states ’ concerns . But as the states won ’ t be able to do everything
alone and won t ’ renounce maintaining political control , we must be able to link the Union s policies ’ and those of specific states . The Maoists and the Massacre Episodes of financial tightening at the
center and falling stock markets scare emerging market investors . The main reason for the slow pace – noting that previous presidents had no pace at all – is a 2005 law that requires that all measures
affecting the labor market first be negotiated in good faith with the trade unions . Naturally , the unions impede negotiations as much as possible . Bring it in only gradually . Perhaps a stronger fiscal
union , a central ministry of finance , and debt sharing would reduce the difficulties and imbalances enough to allow the euro to survive . Moreover , an existing pipeline network implies that this conventional
gas can be brought to Europe at a low marginal cost . From an economic ( and environmental ) standpoint , fracking is thus unlikely to bring large benefits for Europe : shale gas might simply substitute
for plentiful conventional gas . Africans barely count in American politics . Guinea has vast mineral wealth , the world s largest reserves ’ of bauxite , and some of the highest-grade iron-ore deposits
. Groucho Marx could not have bettered Schabowski that night . It was Germany ’ s happiest hour . OXFORD -- Turkey has long been a haven of geo-political stability . But , since 2003 , Turkey ’ s virtually
unquestioned alliance with the United States has undergone a profound re-evaluation , due to the Iraq War , and the Turkish consensus on its decades-long EU candidacy has begun to wobble , owing to EU
dithering . Given Turkey s central role ’ not only in maintaining peace in the volatile Caucasus region but also in promoting peace in the Middle East – the talks now underway between Syria and Israel
are , after all , being conducted with Turkish mediation neglecting Turkey – is not only foolish , it is dangerous . Nor does he advocate violence against homosexuals . In Austria , the historian David Irving
was arrested recently because he has denied that the Holocaust happened . It was clear from the entries that Castro was failing to control his island 's imagination . This is the main political project in
most free societies , and it is in principle acceptable to all major parties . As a result , the world s international economic institutions ’ will need to be strengthened in terms of governance and resources
so that they can act as circuit-breakers in the event of future financial and economic turbulence . The International Committee of the Red Cross , the world 's preeminent expert organization on the laws
of armed conflict and the hellish reality of war , knows this well . Assets in private equity and hedge funds stand at $ 3 trillion today and are expected to reach $ 10 trillion by the end of 2010 . The
funds now rely heavily on investment from pension funds , and on money borrowed from banks and other non-private sources . Everyone on the square and everyone watching on national TV saw clearly . The emperor
had no clothes . Patient investors should be rewarded . In particular , they should be able to expect to be better off than those rushing to the exit . The only way for a Chinese individual to survive is
to adopt the grey , anonymous way of the sunflower seed . Ten Reasons for Europe Friends of my generation invariably comment when I mention that I was born on August 18 : “ Hey , that was the anniversary
of Chairman Mao first receiving the Red Guards . ” But the following months and years have been selectively forgotten , particularly by the Red Guards themselves . Any attempt at disarming Hezbollah by
the UN force would mean a war with Hezbollah ( and with Syria and Iran in the background ) -- a task the UN force cannot accomplish . But were it to resign itself to mere observer status in Lebanon , the
UN and Europe would lose all credibility . But thus far , there is no agreement on the timing of a referendum . While poor law enforcement needs urgent attention , counter-terrorism is never solely a military
affair . Financial pledges from the US and the Friends “ of Pakistan consortium ” ( the European Union , China , and Japan ) are important , but when it comes to investing wisely in development projects
, Pakistan s track record ’ is nothing to be proud of . North Korea s latest action ’ follows behavior over the last decade that makes Iran look positively restrained in comparison . They shunted aside micro-level
data that showed that there was in fact excess capacity , just as they ignored a World Bank analysis showing that fresh IMF loans would not restore economic growth , but would only leave the country deeper
in debt . Where are Europe \ u0027s Optimists ? Investment by both the public and private sector permitted Estonia to reach by the mid-1990 ’ s a level of IT that was above the EU average . But Mauritius
has no exploitable natural resources . South Korea must therefore do everything it can to reinvigorate the debate . And this includes only young people actually at work or looking for work . But how much
pain will we have to bear in the meantime ? But why does this seem so surprising ? At the same time , major shifts began occurring in the Third World , and accelerated in the post-war decades : independence
in India , liberation in China , decolonization in Asia and Africa , nation building and industrialization in Latin America . Fourth , the financial system – despite the policy backstop – is severely damaged
. The rapid Shiite rise has already turned into a sectarian civil war in Iraq and recently has threatened to generate the same outcome in Lebanon . Evidence collected on 466 glaciers by the Indian Space
Applications Center from 1962 to 2004 shows a 21 % loss of glacier area and a 30.8 % of glacier volume . The eastern Mediterranean , the Aegean , the western Balkans , the Caspian region and the southern
Caucasus , Central Asia , and the Middle East are all areas where the West will achieve nothing or very little without Turkey ’ s support . The US certainly has a right to curb terrorists like those who
staged the attack on September 11 , 2001 . Whatever gains in agricultural production result from these investments will benefit foreign markets , not local communities . The G-20 could call for a moratorium
on these large-scale investments until an agreement on appropriate ground rules is reached . As a major player in the green-technology market set – to triple in value by 2020 Europe – could regain competitiveness
and secure its role in the future global economy . Indeed , embedding fair rules on trade , finance , development , climate change , and other issues in the major global institutions such as the IMF and
the World Bank is more important than ever , given the rise of China and other emerging-market economies . With these new powers seeking a place at the geopolitical table , they and the older powers can
benefit from mutually agreed global containment “ ” of their domestic parochialism and short-sightedness . Indeed , African governments might wish to look selectively at other crops . They need to rely
on a mix of economic tools , including farm protectionism , aimed at helping indigenous producers . COPENHAGEN – The past decade has proven again and again that empowering women worldwide holds the key
to solving many seemingly intractable issues that have otherwise stymied policymakers . Petrodollars are Russia s main resource ’ for the development of an information-based society . Though US Secretary
of Defense Donald Rumsfeld proposed compensation to the victims of abuse at American military hands , it is hard to see this offer as expressing either guilt or shame . That is what the junta wants the
world to think . He knows that , although the Serbian lobby is weak in the US , it is all powerful � in Serbia . There is no better example of Schumpeter 's creative destruction than what has happened in
America over the past decade . The Emergency Law has been in force since the assassination of President Anwar Sadat in October 1981 , and Mubarak claims that he needs another extension to combat terrorism
. Many leaders change their objectives and style over the course of their careers . If he can deliver , Argentines may be ready to bid farewell to the caudillo form of government that has dominated the country
's history . Europe 's citizens scarcely grasp the issues at the heart of the European Constitutional Convention in Brussels . Indeed , the European Parliament and the European Commission have been sidelined
, while a new management model for Europe has emerged : Germany makes the decisions , France gives the press conferences , and the rest nod in agreement ( except the British , who have chosen isolationism
once again ) . Then she dared to enter the exclusive male preserve of politics . When she became the first woman to be British Prime Minister , she fired the ambitions of countless young women around the
world ( including mine ) . Adapting Islam to modern conditions was the purpose of the first generation of reformers . By engaging fully with the main currents of modern thinking , their contemporary successors
seek to better understand how universal principles can be expressed through Muslim tradition . By 2030 , China will have more elderly dependents than children . Some Chinese demographers worry that the
country will get old before getting rich . Likewise , it is often argued that the green economy will increase energy security , as green resources will leave countries less dependent on fossil-fuel imports
. For someone earning $ 27,500 per annum , the average salary in the developed world , this is less than 0.4 % of annual income , or less than 1 cent out of every $ 2 that they earn . This may be true ,
but the status of women is clearly one issue that puts non-Western Muslims into opposition to the West . Even here , foreign-based domestic competitors could improve performance . Corruption is also a potential
trigger for intervention by the military , a recurring feature of Bangladesh s history ’ that has consistently impeded the country s development ’ . A crucial corollary of this strategy is large-scale technology
transfer to developing countries , allowing them both to grow and to curtail their emissions . FLORENCE – At the recent annual meetings of the American Economic Association , there was widespread pessimism
about the future of the United States . “ The age of American predominance is over , ” declared one economist . Arab governments feel provoked by President George W. Bush , particularly as he announced
his initiative with little regional consultation . On at least two occasions in 1998 , bad news could have set off a crash in American stock prices and an economic recession . But , in addition to being
fair , this scheme also has practical benefits . Egypt can reclaim Arab leadership only if it guides the region in the quest for cultural renaissance , liberalism , democracy , educational reform , and
economic development . Far from providing immunity against evolutionary pressures , culture often creates new ones . For example , the genes associated with digestion of lactose are more prevalent in populations
that have traditionally bred cattle and consumed milk . Another key to South Korea s success story ’ is the well-balanced relationship between stable governments and the private sector . Today , 87 % of
government schools implement the scheme . But the Chechen resistance is never crushed as was proved , not only by the taking hostage of over 800 Muscovites last week , but by the numerous successful Chechen
raids on Russian troops in and around Chechnya . The valuable role of civil society in giving voice to communities that governments cannot reach is also recognized , but its relationship with government
and business is often characterized more by conflict than cooperation . Obviously , it is easier in the short run to change prices and wages than it is to boost productivity . The IPCC and the climate scientists
are telling us a crucial message . According to the latest science , the current proposals under negotiation will result in warming of more than 4 ° C during this century – double the 2 ° C maximum endorsed
by the G-8 and other leaders . There is less equality of opportunity in the United States today than there is in Europe – or , indeed , in any advanced industrial country for which there are data . When
contemporary economists think of economic dualism , they think first and foremost of the Nobel laureate Sir W. Arthur Lewis . Lewis turned Boeke s idea ’ on its head , arguing that labor migration from
traditional agriculture to modern industrial activities is the engine of economic development . Almost everywhere in the world , the TRC is regarded highly and considered a benchmark against which other
efforts to move from dictatorship to democracy must be judged . Moreover , Simpson apparently does not understand that , as commission co-chair , his job is to build a broad coalition for necessary and
mutually beneficial policy changes . At the time of the Boxer Rebellion , Japan responded to requests for help from the international community and won world trust through the sacrifices it made . An intelligence
test score in early life is partly a record of what the environment has wrought on the brain and the rest of the body up to that time . No jackboots are to be seen marching through Hong Kong 's sleek shopping
malls , but a distinct whiff of totalitarianism is in the air . The tell-tale phrases are on everyone 's lips : talk of the need for anti-subversion laws , press controls , strong leadership , of adjusting
to Hong Kong 's new reality . The Netanyahu government has refused to agree to any such clear reference point before talks begin . The annual income of the richest 12,000 households is greater than that
of the poorest 24 million households . Expertise in a wide variety of different areas molecular – and cell biology , mathematics and statistics , nutrition and diet , food chemistry , and social science
– is fundamental to progress . The surprise was not only that there were so many cases , but that the vast majority seemed unrelated to conventional economic reforms , such as liberalization of trade and
prices . One part of the financial markets not subject to the transparency and disclosure rules that apply to , say , banks and mutual funds , are hedge and private equity funds . Eiland even advised Israel
s government ’ to recognize Hamas s rule ’ in Gaza , lift the siege , and negotiate a prolonged cease-fire directly with the movement . Personality undoubtedly matters , and beneath overt political differences
there may also be issues of values that have not yet come to the fore . But traditional political differences based on disagreement over fundamental values play a diminishing part in elections . But what
is too often overlooked is that international monetary disorder lay at the root of the successive financial crises of the 1990 s ’ , and played an even more striking role in the crisis that erupted in
2008 . The sustained and , in a sense , complementary imbalances in the US and Asia stand out . After that , it was all downhill for China ( and “ the Rest ) ” and all uphill for the West . Today , overall
support for the EU stands at 57 % , and the share of people unhappy with it has dropped to 15 % . He evidently does not recognize that a system that taxes speculation at a lower rate than hard work distorts
the economy . In fact , the government s approach ’ served only to exacerbate Brazil s problems ’ of low capital investment , weak competition , and relatively little innovation problems – that have prevented
the country from achieving any gains in total factor productivity in the last two decades . When it comes to tackling complex political and cultural conflicts , forging international and regional alliances
around a legitimate objective is more important than sheer military capacity . Individuals value these scores , but not because they want to buy or sell them ( in general , they cannot ) . One of the most
hopeful and refreshing aspects of the Arab Spring has been the retreat of Arab radicalism in the face of real people anxious to address real problems . “ It is the art of the possible . ” Last year , China
formally staked a claim under the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea to more than 80 % of the South China Sea . Its own report , Our Land , Our Lives , indicates that , since 2008 , communities
affected by World Bank projects have brought 21 formal complaints alleging violations of their land rights . Oxfam , drawing attention to large-scale land acquisitions that have entailed direct rights
violations , has called on the Bank to freeze investments in land purchases until it can set standards ensuring that local communities are informed of them in advance , with the option of refusing them
. The world 's rapid economic growth in 2004 shows that the efforts to shore up our defenses since the 1990 's has paid off . But growth has been unbalanced : Europe and Japan - despite some recent gains
- are far from reaching their potential , and the United States and China have continued largely to drive the world economy . The term cyber attack “ ” covers a wide variety of actions , ranging from simple
probes to defacing Web sites , denial of service , espionage , and destruction . In December 2003 , Russia will hold its next parliamentary elections , and people are reviewing what reforms are possible
before then . According to conventional wisdom , the corporate-tax burden is borne principally by the owners of capital in the form of lower returns . The crime was an attack not only on Palme , but on democracy
itself . All they need and care about is stable , predictable rules . Deficits resulting from capital spending , by contrast , are – or can be – good . China recognizes that it no longer makes sense to stay
with its current growth strategy – one that relies heavily on a combination of exports and a massive buffer of dollar-denominated foreign-exchange reserves . There are several competing theories , most
of them quite elegant , but none of them entirely satisfactory . The Japanese , who perceive themselves as the world s best engineers ’ , now feel humiliated . Laying kilometer upon kilometer of bitumen
is the favored solution for many politicians . But other options are more cost-effective . The world s different legal systems ’ have never been in much agreement about the boundaries of free speech . The
Saudis even spent billions of dollars to build a security wall along its vast border with Iraq , in order to contain the violence that it was exporting there . First , is the Fund s governance structure
’ suited to exercising arms-length surveillance of its main shareholders ? Production is meaningless if fresh products do not make it to market in good condition and at a reasonable cost . But something
new has recently been introduced in Latin America ’ s political system : the notion of unlimited re-election . The difference between these victorious leftists and El Salvador s FMLN ’ will be revealed
when the FMLN s old characteristics ’ as an armed movement are challenged by the daily facts of governance . For , while Funes is no old guerrilla hack , his vice president , Salvador Sanchez Ceren , and
almost the entire FMLN leadership are unreformed Castroist guerrilla leaders and cadres . Skeptical questions are as often answered by reference to what might or even should be as by pointing to real conditions
. The decline has occurred because , relative to population growth , fixed-capital investment , knowledge and skills , and improvements in institutions have not compensated for the degradation of natural
capital . In fact , the history of technology has repeatedly refuted this pessimistic view . We can ’ t say what the next radical innovation will be , but centuries of human experience suggest that there
will be ( at least ) one . But , in the mirror of history , we can see that the greater mistake has been to abandon the country altogether . That is all the more reason to seek open , confidence-reinforcing
discussions among allies . If the US lived up to its pledge of 0.7 % of GNP in donor aid , it would be giving $ 75 billion per year . Instead , it gives around $ 15 billion . The Nordic countries are not
“ socialist economies ” , based on state ownership and planning , but “ social welfare economies ” , based on private ownership and markets , with public provision of social protection . Importantly ,
they invest heavily in higher education and in science and technology , so they remain at the cutting edge of high-technology industries . Above all , however , the permanent public provision of cheap credit
would ultimately lead to a lingering infirmity , if not to Europe ’ s economic collapse , because the eurozone would become a central management system with state control over investment . Such systems
cannot work , because they eliminate the capital market as the economic system s main steering mechanism ’ . So it is clear that some countries now view environmental investments in infrastructure , energy
systems , and ecosystems as among the best bets for recovery . The problem is that the Geithner Plan appears to me to be too small – between one-eight and one-half of what it needs to be . The effects are
unpredictable but likely to be huge , in terms of crop production , diseases , costs and availability of irrigation and drinking water , coastal erosion , and so forth ; One such opportunity was missed
in the early 1990 s ’ . Biljana Plavsic , the President of the Bosnian Serb Republic after Karadzic , expressed remorse for her crimes , pled guilty , and is serving a prison sentence . Part of the problem
lies in Japan 's educational system . Owing to a curriculum controlled by the powerful Japan Teachers Union , since the end of WWII many Japanese youth have viewed the Japan-China relationship with a consciousness
of the need for atonement for the Sino-Japanese War . Entrepreneurs need to face competition in order to develop , whereas individuals who are laid off may have difficulties getting back into productive
work . The US , as hegemon in the Middle East for many years , could not solve any of the region ’ s major problems single-handedly . Governments exercising this option would have to follow guidelines that
would be negotiated multilaterally . “ India , ” wrote the late British historian E.P. Thompson , “ is perhaps the most important country for the future of the world . Prolonged activation of the body s
stress system ’ during early development can damage the formation of the neural connections that comprise our brain architecture and set our stress-response system at a hair-trigger level . We can thus
comprehend why children born into such circumstances have more problems in school , are more likely to commit crimes , and are more prone to heart disease , diabetes , and a host of other physical and
mental illnesses later in life . In the future , China will have to rely more heavily on interest rates to manage monetary policy , using the price of capital , not political considerations , to influence
how firms make investment decisions . Since then , the field of genetics has advanced significantly , particularly as a result of the global Human Genome Project , which in 2003 identified all of the roughly
23,000 genes and three billion chemical base pairs in human DNA in order to screen for many rare diseases . Actually , I sent it twice . The fourth conclusion mirrors the third . It is not obvious that the
various currency market interventions had a big effect on Latin American exchange rates . In short , closer business-government relationships are being re-established throughout the Asian-Pacific region
. Of course , such a strategy will require highways , bridges , railways , and seaports . Iraq also is demonstrating the limits of illegitimate violence when combating terrorism . But if we want to discover
the role that a religion like Islam plays in determining a society 's fundamental shape , we can indeed be led astray by making comparisons between different countries or global regions . What they won
’ t see , of course , are the desperately low living standards of China s ’ teeming millions , especially the rural poor . Moreover , as Bilmes and I argued in our book The Three Trillion Dollar War , the
wars contributed to America ’ s macroeconomic weaknesses , which exacerbated its deficits and debt burden . Then , as now , disruption in the Middle East led to higher oil prices , forcing Americans to
spend money on oil imports that they otherwise could have spent buying goods produced in the US . Some lines of thought are more emotional : might not 2008 be a payback for the American bungling of the
1997-1998 East Asia crisis ? Like Shanghai Pudong in the late 1990 s ’ , today ’ s Chinese ghost cities “ ” are likely to be teaming urban centers in the not-so-distant future . For example , U.S. farmland
had a total value of $ 1.9 trillion in 2010 , compared with $ 16.5 trillion for the US stock market and $ 16.6 trillion for the US housing market . The US course correction is being dictated by another
consideration as well : America has nothing to gain from taking sides in China s ’ disputes with its neighbors – unless , of course , US interests are directly at stake , as in the South China Sea , where
Chinese maritime claims threaten freedom of navigation in some of the world s most heavily trafficked shipping lanes ’ . This would seem like a smart solution , both politically and economically . To most
Bolivians , what is at stake is a matter of fairness : Should foreign oil and gas companies get a fair return on their capital , or a supernormal return ? The shares of the major reserve currencies were
stable , with the dollar accounting for 62 % of foreign-exchange reserves in 2009 and the euro 27 % . Any major changes came not from deliberate decisions by central banks to reallocate reserves , but
rather from the simple arithmetic of changing exchange rates : a stronger dollar raised the dollar s share ’ in total global reserves , while a weaker dollar reduced it . The Chinese remember all too painfully
the unequal treaties imposed by the Western powers on China and Japan in the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries . When many of the same leaders met in April to address the economic crisis , they rightly
pledged to do “ whatever is necessary . ” Eight years of 7 % average annual GDP growth during Putin s previous presidency ’ ( 2000-2008 ) allowed Russia to repay its debts , accumulate almost $ 600 billion
in foreign-currency reserves , and join the leading emerging economies . The important point is that within the next 10-15 years we will have identified hundreds of genes that predispose individuals to
virtually all of the common , late-onset diseases , such as cancer and cardiovascular , neurological , and metabolic diseases . BERKELEY Imagine two central banks – . Europe and the Rising Powers One woman
, originally from Lebanon , told me that a wealthy businessman from Spain paid a huge sum for her kidney . That said , Europe ’ s disparities in production costs and competitiveness , reflected in the problem
“ ” countries ’ substantial current-account deficits , may prove to be an even more difficult problem to resolve . Unit labor costs in Greece , Portugal , Spain , and Italy grew 20-30 % faster than in
Germany in the euro s first decade ’ , and somewhat faster than unit labor costs in northern Europe as a whole . An apparent paradox emerged from the discussion : the boom in popular economics comes at
a time when the general public seems to have lost faith in professional economists , because almost all of us failed to predict , or even warn of , the current economic crisis , the biggest since the Great
Depression . A couple of weeks before his arrest , Khodorkovsky told me : " I do not understand how they can win , given how many mistakes they make . " Not even America s IBM ’ – which prides itself on
stability – wants to take the risk of offering defined-benefit schemes . Until recently , international investors believed that expanding their portfolios in emerging markets was a no-brainer . Negotiations
on the EU association agreement should proceed – this is an issue of strategic importance to Europe – but subsequent steps will inevitably depend on Ukraine s commitment ’ to the values and principles
underpinning European integration . Germany , in foreign policy as well as in economics , can exert decisive leadership in the EU – when it wants to . The idea that energy-efficiency means sitting in the
dark , shivering in the winter and sweating in the summer is nonsense . But a clear , precise announcement of the decision to pursue it , together with a bold European Central Bank policy in line with its
recently announced bond-purchasing program , might be enough to convince both financial markets and EU citizens that a lasting solution is within sight . It is not often recognized that women in Pakistan
– at least those of a certain class – are receiving the kind of education that enables them to enter the modern sectors of the economy or to become entrepreneurs . The total amount of oil released into
the sea is now well over 100,000 tons . The Price of Clarity Neither the US public nor Congress has proven willing to invest seriously in the instruments of nation building and governance as opposed to military
force . So government regulators – and ultimately all of us – are caught between a rock and a hard place . Regulate in haste , repent at leisure . Hence , this strategy will require some cross-border shipment
of e-waste . With an average growth rate of less than 1 % over the past decade , and arguably the most sclerotic labor market in Europe , it is hard to see how Portugal can grow out of its massive debt
burden . NEW HAVEN – The number is 0.2 % . In 2002 , for example , the top ten American drug companies had sales of $ 217 billion . We are about to get a comprehensive package of re-regulation focused on
capital requirements and leverage , transparency , ratings and other sources of information , incentives , conflicts of interest and limits on the scope of financial firms , consumer protection , and resolution
mechanisms . In this situation , government deficits rise naturally , as tax revenues decline and spending on unemployment insurance and other benefits rises . They might have argued that all should get
it or none . But it is hard today to re-create such a narrative , given so many stories of trouble . Instead of cutting proven tax incentives for business investment , the US should offset at least some
of the revenue losses from a lower corporate-tax rate by raising tax rates on corporate shareholders . There is also talk about establishing a new strategic dialogue among leaders . Reduced uptake of smoking
by children would save lives chiefly after 2050 . Quitting works : even those who stop smoking in their 40 s ’ lower their risk of death remarkably , and those who quit in their 30 s ’ have death risks
close to lifelong non-smokers . True , prices for many key commodities are up 25 % to 50 % since the start of the year . Food loss – on farms , during processing , transport , and at markets undermines food
security – in most developing countries , where post-harvest losses can reach as high as 40 % of production . In November , Chinese officials , live on national TV , ridiculed Tibetan exiles ’ proposals
for negotiation . They canceled a European summit because of a meeting between French President Nicolas Sarkozy and the Dalai Lama , and regularly imply that Tibetans are terrorists . But that ’ s bad news
for leopard seals and Adelie penguins , humpback and blue whales , and many other species , because most organisms in the Antarctic marine ecosystem eat either krill or something that eats krill . The fundamental
difficulty in planning for enhanced longevity is that we do not know whether it will really happen . For example , in the US , the federal budget offsets a substantial part ( estimated at 30-40 % ) of the
differences in per capita income levels across states , because poorer states contribute less income tax , on average , and receive higher transfer payments . But this does not imply that these mechanisms
also provide insurance against shocks ( sudden changes in income for individual states ) . Securitization , with all of its advantages in sharing risk , has three problems that were not adequately anticipated
. While it meant that American banks were not hit as hard as they would otherwise , America ’ s bad lending practices have had global effects . And yet , despite these bright spots , international cooperation
on issues ranging from regional conflicts to the protection of global public goods remains weak . Low Japanese rates led to a search “ for yield ” by Japanese investors who increasingly invested their savings
in foreign currencies , where they received higher interest rates : the famous FX “ carry trade . ” Governments have mainly been concerned about hacker attacks on their own bureaucracy s information technology
infrastructure ’ , but there are social vulnerabilities well beyond government computers . There is more . In other words , China could easily reach the target set by the indicative guidelines “ ” for reducing
global imbalances by 2015 , as proposed by US officials recently at the G-20 ministerial meeting in Seoul last November . The old models about how to understand the economy have had their day . Across the
globe , governments are facing fundamental decisions about the future nature of their economies and societies . To his credit , organizer Larry Chu also invited a group of patients : “ Don 't just talk
about them , ” was his message to the practitioners . “ Talk with them ! ” What kind of protection would be appropriate in such a world ? Although growth has indeed been significantly above trend in recent
years , performance over the entire decade was unimpressive . Second , although countries have laid the groundwork for sustainable growth in a number of areas , the reform agenda remains vast , and most
countries are not yet able to avoid the boom-and-bust cycles that have long plagued them . When politicians can control inflation by exercising decisive sway over central banks , they can use their power
to devalue the burden of public debt , avoiding the need for more taxation to pay it off . Following World War II , investments in the US seemed safer than any alternative . Avoiding coercion , premature
elections , and hypocritical rhetoric should not preclude a patient policy that relies on economic assistance , behind-the-scenes diplomacy , and multilateral approaches to aid the development of civil
society , the rule of law , and well-managed elections . On the contrary , children are often beaten by family members if they do not provide the daily wage expected of them , or by their bosses when they
are inattentive or make a mistake . Businesses were encouraged with government subsidies and loans . Schools and training centers were established . Coming at a time when governments with even less debt
than Japan need to show that they are putting their financial houses in order , Japan ’ s budget sends precisely the wrong signal to markets . Between 1960 and 1990 , only one person in five lived in an
economically open society ; today , nine in ten do . Indeed , while wars from the time of Hannibal s defeat ’ of the Romans in 216 B.C. to the Gulf War of 1991 had this center of gravity , with a massive
concentration of force capable of bringing an enemy to its knees , such industrial inter-state wars have now become an historical anachronism . Because a society does not become blocked “ ” on its own a
small , isolated group that perceives all change as an attack on itself , is blamed . British politicians , meanwhile , are seeking to renew their navy ’ s aging fleet of Trident submarines – at an estimated
cost of £ 76 billion ( $ 121 billion ) . A fourth great task lies ahead . The investor loses $ 31 on the price of the bond , or three times more than he had gained in higher interest payments . Nevertheless
, despite his long tenure , the Dear Leader s ’ hold on power sometimes has been threatened by a small group of dissidents . The repercussions , however , will be global . But they can reduce interest rates
by eliminating the perceived risk of sovereign default . Banks will be able to borrow from one another for less , and thus able to lend to firms for less . This suggests that investment may respond better
than the pessimists fear . Global renewables-based electricity generation ( mainly hydro and wind , but also solar and biomass ) is set to double between 2006 and 2030 . In the EU , wind s share ’ in total
power generation is set to rise to 14 % by 2030 , from 2 % today , and would account for well over half the total increase in the EU power generation . The euro analogies are not just to be found on the
playing field . The current diplomatic crisis , too , is an opportunity to ensure that transatlantic discussions about privacy and surveillance reverberate in a multilateral setting ; seizing it would represent
a small but significant contribution to the strategic vision that has been sorely lacking for the last quarter-century . We must move to a sustainable energy system , one that does not mean a huge increase
of carbon in the atmosphere . In the extensive annals of eavesdropping , all of this is something new . Circuses are even worse places for animals . Yet no country can rely on soft power alone to defend its
interests . But , coupled with mutual irritation , which is particularly strong in Russia , closing the gap is becoming much harder . Reformists , as they are known today , are the equivalent of “ People
of Intellect . ” To a country that had struggled for decades against British imperialism , however , neither capitalism nor openness to foreign investors seemed a prudent course . In fact , the minimal prerequisites
for a working monetary union are not discussed upfront and transparently anywhere . With politicians focused on the median voter , and a groupthink-generating media , the eurozone muddles through , just
barely surviving . Once a wary non-entity , he has grown bolder . The Return of Monetarism An executive s inability ’ to cash out shares and options for a substantial period would tie his or her payoff to
long-term shareholder value . The evidence suggests that other factors such as the quality of economic and political institutions are at least as important in determining how much capital a country will
attract . Children in urban war zones die in vast numbers from diarrhea , respiratory infections , and other causes , owing to unsafe drinking water , lack of refrigerated foods , and acute shortages of
blood and basic medicines at clinics and hospitals ( that is , if civilians even dare to leave their houses for medical care ) . For example , rejection of food products on the basis of aesthetic concerns
is a major cause of wastage . The great miscalculation that led to the Afghan invasion was based on a faulty response to the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 . Despite its frequent economic booms
, Asia is also a strategic and security minefield . Those who dare to protest , such as Beijing University journalism professor Jiao Guobiao , are silenced . Now that US President Barack Obama has taken
the decision to do so , the EU stands ready to provide political and practical support to the United States to help achieve that goal . The term " bubble " is widely used but rarely defined . The resulting
contract is all the more problematic because it is likely to involve one of the host country s few important resources ’ , which can generate more predictable ( and probably higher ) revenues than official
development assistance – and over a long period of time . So , even without corruption , it is not surprising when a future government demands that the contract be renegotiated . Sarkozy is philosophically
a conservative , but an ultra-liberal on economic issues , making him totally foreign to the Gaullist tradition . To me it is obvious that saving such a victim s life ’ must count for more than taking the
criminal s life ’ . Obviously , not all cases are so unambiguous , but a comparison of the qualities of individual lives must be part of any reasonable social policy . Despite the recent cuts , America
s defense budget ’ is still five times higher than China s ’ . Will the US accept a prolonged slowdown after 2004 , and could Europe make a greater contribution to global growth ? Indeed , not so long ago
unemployment in the Netherlands stood above 10 % . The problem is that Afghan religious students must go to Pakistan for any religious education after 19 or 20 years of age . Today , according to the United
Nations , there are 214 million people living outside their country of birth , up from approximately 82 million in 1970 . Last December , the European Commission published a Green Paper that contains proposals
to reform the EU 's rules on mergers . The challenges facing President-Elect Dilma Rousseff are huge , but so are her advantages . This is bold diplomacy – for which China is given little credit – at a highly
sensitive moment . In office , he had intervened when the supposedly independent board for setting accounting standards tried to clean up the accounting of senior executives ' share options . Just as invasive
species adapt to pesticides , most cancer cells adapt to therapies . This mismatch can cause financial stress and bankruptcy just as easily as banks local-currency assets ’ and dollar liabilities caused
stress and bankruptcy in the Mexican and East Asian crises of the 1990 s ’ and in the Argentinean crisis of this decade . Future generations of GM crops will bring even more benefits – but only if they
are allowed to flourish . Yes , today the European economy is not doing badly . But how long is this likely to last with the US falling into a deep slump ? For many developing countries , the figure is well
under 20 kwh ; China is still well below the global average , and even most emerging markets consume less than one-third of the average in many advanced economies . In Thailand s current crisis ’ , history
is repeating itself , for the PPP under Somchai was the same Thai Rak Thai ( Thais Love Thais ) Party formed by the ousted Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , a figure much-hated by the country ’ s Bangkok-based
elite . Of course , appeals to stability “ ” are nothing new from authoritarian governments . Indeed , the plethora of separate banking regulators had created opportunities for banks to arbitrage the system
in search of a more indulgent approach to capital . Likewise , the lack of a federal insurance regulator had left AIG regulated by the Office of Thrift Supervision ( OTS ) and the New York State Insurance
Department , which proved to be a wholly inadequate arrangement . Perhaps three-fourths of both Israelis and Palestinians support this land “ for peace compromise ” , while one-fourth holds out for complete
victory over the other side . Rejectionists on both sides repeatedly undermined efforts to realize that compromise . Starting in the early 1970 s ’ , religious Israeli settlers and hard-line Israeli nationalists
pushed Israel into a disastrous policy of creating and expanding settlements on Arab lands in the West Bank , in violation of common sense and international diplomacy . True , much of that was due to a
sharp decline in imports ; but even the growth rate of final sales to domestic purchasers rose at a healthy 3.4 % pace . The scale of the problems makes more elaborate solutions necessary . So , while powerful
, hegemonic countries “ ” like the US managed to impose their own rules on weaker partners in the PTAs that they helped to proliferate , big emerging economies like India , Brazil , China , and South Africa
insisted on rejecting such demands when made as part of multilateral trade rounds like Doha . How better to memorialize that decision than with a building boom at the prison ? The new facility for which
the money is to be earmarked will house 106 prisoners ( the precise number is uncertain ) who have been neither tried nor charged . Such domestic opposition weakens the prospect that Obama s proposals ’
will ever become law . Similarly , it would be nice if markets would clarify what they mean by “ confidence ” so that we would all know what we are really dealing with . Bangladesh s Female Secondary Stipend
Program ’ was successful in helping girls aged 11 to 14 to delay marriage and remain in school . Even with mother s ’ help , I have worries . 11 To be sure , the US is in an interregnum until the election
of a new president . That should be a warning for Europe , whose economy is now far weaker than America s ’ . In the nineteenth century , this situation would not have been surprising , given low average
income , widespread poverty , and lack of social security . But such data are commonly reported for high-income countries today , including those ranking high on indices of economic prosperity and human
development even Western Europe – ’ s highly developed welfare states . The first was the intense media interest . That step-by-step approach ground to a halt with the defeat of the European Constitution
. With China s US trade surplus ’ reaching $ 200 billion last year , American sentiment is growing to take strong measures . Some have suggested that the trade imbalance is related to China s ’ currency
peg to the US dollar . DURHAM – In setting himself ablaze following a humiliating encounter with the police , the university-educated Tunisian vegetable seller Mohamed Bouazizi triggered a wave of protests
across the Arab world . Informing the public used to be the role of serious newspapers and television networks . Just as China needs to allow the renminbi to rise , so Germany – whose current-account surplus
exceeds China 's both as a share of GDP and in absolute terms – needs a higher real exchange rate . Two years later , the country is marked by regional , social , ethnic , and ideological divisions , and
its government is confused and disoriented . PRINCETON – The United States is rising ; Europe is stabilizing ; and both are moving closer together . But modern technology also has implications for well-established
democracies . To paraphrase Bette Davis in All About Eve , “ Fasten your seatbelts , it ’ s going to be a bumpy year ! ” HDZ 's candidate , Tudjman 's reputedly moderate foreign minister Mate Granic , whom
pundits declared an easy winner , confronted two adversaries Drazen Budiša – , the candidate of § the Two " , and Stipe Mesic , whom § the Four ¨ put forth almost as an afterthought . If the world also
is to deploy all available means to combat climate change , emissions of all substances that contribute to it must be scientifically evaluated and urgently addressed . Developed countries are now about
as rich as Keynes thought they would be , but most of us work much longer than 15 hours a week , though we do take longer holidays , and work has become less physically demanding , so we also live longer
. There is not yet a Volcker Rule “ ” ( limiting proprietary trading by banks ) , the rules for derivatives are still a work-in-progress , and money-market funds remain unreformed . To answer that , we must
look at what was happening to the distribution of income . The fundamental problem is that while some people postpone saving for sensible reasons , and will resume saving later , many others fail to save
for no good reason , and are unlikely to make up for it later . To halt this downward spiral , Ireland ’ s risk of insolvency needs to be put to rest . We Russians are pleased to hear these enlightened words
, yet Putin adds a but “ ” to his argument , which weakens it considerably . Perhaps the mere threat of a no-fly zone will keep Qaddafi s pilots ’ from using their helicopters and fighter jets to kill their
own people . It is not difficult to imagine what would have happened during the recent financial-market crisis if the euro-area countries still had all their national currencies : immense speculation against
some currencies , heavy interventions by central banks , and finally a collapse of the parity system . The massive regulatory failure exposed by the financial crisis that began in 2008 underscores the need
to concentrate on reforms that provide the correct incentives to banks . But , if the past is any guide to the future , we should be aware of the limits of regulation . But there are constraints on Hezbollah
. We remember having seen the left govern without drama . Neglecting the risks and exaggerating the benefits of the euro in order to promote short-term support for it inevitably became self-destructive . This
year , a new global climate agreement will be negotiated in Copenhagen to replace the Kyoto Protocol . This is the real trade distortion in the global economy – one in which millions of poor people in developing
countries are hurt as America helps some of the world s richest farmers ’ . Instead , countries with a strong climate-policy agenda should advocate dynamic formulas for setting targets . Although the major
Italian banks were constructed on the same model as the German and Austrian banks whose collapse had ignited the global conflagration , and although the Italian banks were just as insolvent , the press
never discussed these unpleasant problems . Now , two years later , we are in Durban , where South Africa is hosting this year s climate-change conference ’ , COP17 , and the situation for poor people in
Africa and elsewhere has deteriorated even further . In its latest report , the United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change concludes that it is virtually certain that , in global terms ,
hot days have become hotter and occur more often ; indeed , they have increased in frequency by a factor of 10 in most regions of the world . Rudderless societies are easy prey for bigotry . When some in
the world called for sanctions and punitive action , South Korea pushed for dialogue . Business investment is also weak , even though large corporations have very high cash balances . United States Secretary
of State Hillary Clinton rightly defined the upcoming referendum as a ticking time bomb “ . ” She also made it clear , however , that the outcome , independence for the South , is “ inevitable . ” The successful
realization of official peace talks through an observer reflects the significant progress made since informal discussions were held last November . Like most economists , he believes that if policymakers
try to keep interest rates at artificially low levels for too long , eventually demand will soar and inflation will jump . Football chauvinism always contained an edge of violence , for it often included
an ethnic , religious , or class component : Protestants versus Catholics ( in Scotland ) ; “ Jewish clubs ” ( in Amsterdam , Berlin , London , and Budapest ) , taunted by fans who opposed the Yids ; “
” posh clubs ( like Galatasaray in Istanbul ) and resolutely proletarian sides ( West Ham in London ) ; clubs that took pride in a strong regional identity ( Barcelona ) ; and clubs that were close to
the centers of power ( Real Madrid ) . So now is not the time to pull back . Moreover , cooperatives account for a significant share of GDP in many countries , and an especially high share of the agricultural
and consumer sectors . Cooperatives are also one of the largest providers of financial intermediation to the poor , serving an estimated 78 million people globally who live on less than $ 2 per day . It
is possible , of course , to envision sharing the costs , but it is no longer possible not to charge for water . What the Pope envisioned was a society which is not based on total lack of interest in "
thy neighbor " , a society of lonely grasping , but containing a certain amount of loyal , reliable friendship . Something similar could happen with other forms of genetic selection . Musharraf was recorded
by Indian intelligence boasting about the action on an open telephone line during a visit to Beijing . The issues that preoccupy health policymakers and practitioners in Lima , Cairo , Kolkata , and Jakarta
reflect contrasting climates , geographies , histories , and cultures . To most Indian Muslims , the dispute is not about a specific mosque . By doling out vast sums of money to rescue the financial system
, without asking for genuine guarantees in return , they showed a lack of foresight . Even if Putin has found a way to retain power without amending the constitution – a possibility that was endlessly speculated
about by Russia s dwindling band ’ of democrats – the undemocratic nature of his strategy is glaringly obvious . Moving from one high office in the Kremlin to another in the White House ( the seat of the
Russian Parliament ) is merely a technicality . Is it to be " always represented " by a lone political party ? China is about to adopt its 11th five-year plan , setting the stage for the continuation of
probably the most remarkable economic transformation in history , while improving the well-being of almost a quarter of the world s population ’ . Never before has the world seen such sustained growth
; never before has there been so much poverty reduction . Government intervention is justified only in a very limited sense . Many countries enact legislation to stop people from inciting others to commit
violent acts , though some go further . They are part of our collective history , and they deserve the better future that we can help them to build . Why Is US Inflation So Low ? To be sure , part of the
current dynamic has to do with the aftermath of the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . The Poetry of the Euro But demilitarization , the deployment of international forces , and rigid security arrangements
could offer an answer . If we reflect on these conditions , it is not at all clear that these policies are good for India . Forcibly creating a market for Indian automobile parts eases pressure on these
manufacturers to improve quality . Infant mortality fell by 22 % per year , and even faster for children under 5 . But it is time to recognize that repressive policies towards drug users , rooted as they
are in prejudice , fear , and ideology , may be no less a threat to liberty . Yet national governments continue to implement policies that exacerbate injustice . For example , Portugal s 2013 budget ’ reduces
the number of tax brackets from eight to five a move – that will devastate the middle class . Every act of an Afghan male s life ’ is integrated in a form of reciprocity , in which nothing is free.Melmastia
, the basic tenet of hospitality means “ I will give you shelter if you ask me to , even if you are a fugitive murderer ; but , in exchange , you fight my battles . ” Because Asian governments have tended
to support their modern , tradable sectors to a greater extent , most Asian countries have managed to avoid this malady , and have done much better as a result . But even the Asian model may be reaching
its limits . The results of this misguided policy proved so disastrous – financial markets seized up almost immediately – that a mere ten days after its What “ , me worry ? ” message , the Fed made an embarrassing
but necessary about-face and lowered the discount rate by 50 basis points . When Blix headed the IAEA before the Gulf War of 1991 , he blithely assured the world , after several inspections , that nothing
alarming was happening in Iraq . All of this should be seen in the context of the NCP s long track record ’ of human-rights abuses and reneging on agreements . Confused , Schabowski neglected the all-important
date : “ sofort , ” he said . Yet , the motto of the half-century since , at least insofar as the world 's response to genocide is concerned , might better be stated as " Again and again . " Or , at any
rate : " Never mind . " The deposits come largely from northern European banks ( mainly German and Dutch ) , and LTRO loans go largely to banks in southern Europe ( mainly Italy and Spain ) . Even fantasizing
about it , in the form of pornographic cartoons , is illegal in certain countries . Unless Xi and his colleagues demonstrate their resolve to overcome such opposition and launch comprehensive reforms ,
their chances of success are not high . Attempting to mitigate future domestic political damage by undermining the dynamics of the relationship between South Korea and Japan – and both countries relationship
’ with the United States – is unwise . Given North Korea s ’ continued potential for military mischief and the fluid state of security in Asia in the wake of China s ’ rise , such tactics could have serious
, if unintended , consequences . The G2 idea was always foolish . Last September , Osama bin Laden s deputy ’ , Al-Zawahiri , released videotapes calling for jihad in Pakistan and around the world . Bin
Laden s most recent threats ’ have been equally universal . Some those – with large trade deficits before the crisis hit , those with large national debts that must be rolled over , and those with close
trade links to the US – are likely to suffer more than others . Because the dominant narrative still maintains that the pre-crisis period was normal , at least in terms of the growth pattern in the real
economy , the perceived challenge is to restore growth according to the pre-crisis pattern . Iran ’ s only friends , it seems , are those – like the Chinese – who are more interested in its natural resources
than its people . China will have an economy larger than the US economy within 25 years - potentially 50 % larger by 2050 . When the military chief of staff was assassinated in July under mysterious circumstances
, the NTC could not offer concrete answers to an angry public . One can imagine a society of private wealth holders , whose main objective is to lead good lives , not to turn their wealth into “ capital
. ” Back in the 1990 s ’ , Asia s fast-growing economies ’ maintained small reserves , despite booming exports and foreign investment . But a huge step has now been taken towards anchoring all laws in the
Constitution , which will strengthen the protection of all citizens rights ’ . Arms or Allies ? Malaysia and Thailand are also fairly active in the WTO , with a mix of free-market and protectionist positions
. Indonesia and the Philippines are weaker , overwhelmed by policy incoherence and fire-fighting at home , and with insufficient capacity to deal with the WTO 's burgeoning and increasingly complicated
agenda . This would be a bonanza for Muslim fundamentalists , and could be exploited by all who want to prevent the development of a moderate , modern European Islam . But what will fall by the wayside is
a forceful global response to the gravest crisis since 1929 . There were no major , unfortunate incidents ; the constant protests were strident but not especially violent or well-attended ; no significant
slights or mishaps took place ; and President Bush achieved what he probably was most interested in : sending a message back to the United States that he actually is interested in more than Iraq . Nowadays
, however , the SCO is often used as a forum to campaign against supposed American unilateralism and to provide a united front – especially between China and Russia – against the US with respect to security
and arms-reduction issues in the region . This includes joint anti-terror training and demands to reduce US forces in the region , particularly from Uzbekistan and Kyrgyzstan . In contrast to the Mexican
, Chinese , or Russian revolutions , economic disenfranchisement is not driving the current conflict . This is a struggle for power , not for economic justice or a better life . In South Africa , it was
arguably the economic pressure brought by sanctions which eventually brought down the racist Apartheid system ; but by the same token , it was economic support from the outside--including loans from multinational
banks--which kept the system going for so long . If a sufficient number of Arabs reached that threshold at the right time , the long-docile Arab street would explode in anger , with each group of new protesters
encouraging more to join in , giving people elsewhere in the Arab world the courage to initiate protests of their own . Qatar – with its seemingly inexhaustible wealth and a comprehensive foreign , investment
, and media strategy – has replaced Saudi Arabia as the decisive arbiter in almost every Middle Eastern conflict . State-run media organs have been forced to admit that these protests test the Party s ’
will to maintain power . They neglect to tell the real story of how the Party exercises that will , trusting that the admission itself will satisfy us . In the highly unlikely prospect that the US were
to withdraw from the East Asian region , Japan might join a Chinese bandwagon , but Japan is more likely to maintain its American alliance to preserve its independence from China . PARIS – “ Who lost Turkey
? ” That question , often raised in the past , has been heating up in the aftermath of Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan ’ s emotional outburst during the recent World Economic Forum 2009 in Davos ,
when he abruptly left a panel he was sharing with Israeli President Shimon Peres . Not even Mao Zedong , with the fury unleashed during China s Cultural Revolution ’ , could make the Four Olds “ ” ( old
customs , old culture , old habits , and old ideas ) vanish . The price charged to consumers would rise gradually from $ 0.06 / kilowatt-hour to the full cost of $ 0.16 / kilowatt-hour , but over a phase-in
period of , say , 40 years ( the lifespan of the newest of today s coal plants ’ ) . We urged the Bush administration to formulate a consistent policy that engages the region s Islamists ’ who are willing
to rule by democratic principles . If a contingent-capital proposal is adopted , this could be the last major worldwide banking crisis – at least until some new source of instability emerges and sends financial
technicians back to work to invent our way of it . For the first time , security-related research figures prominently in the EU budget , with € 1.4 billion earmarked for this purpose . In the private sector
, BRIC index funds have proliferated , though Goldman Sachs has radically hedged its own BRIC bet by introducing a second term – the Next 11 “ , ” or N-11 – to the debate . This grouping addsBangladesh
, Egypt , Indonesia , Iran , Mexico , Nigeria , Pakistan , thePhilippines , South Korea , Turkey , andVietnam to the economic radar , and , together with the four BRIC countries , probably comprises a
more logical and defensible first tier “ ” of emerging economies . Moving from one high office in the Kremlin to another in the White House ( the seat of the Russian Parliament ) is merely a technicality
. Many languages are spoken , but Islam , to which almost 95 % of the population adheres , is a unifying factor . But the latest developments in the Greek crisis show that the exact opposite is true – it
’ s European banks lack ’ of capital that threatens to derail European and global growth . These wazungu care more about one dead elephant than they do for a hundred black children . ” Thus , despite the
widespread impression that the climate-change agenda has stalled , there are grounds for hope . There are no easy answers . Indeed , Zidane s status ’ as an emblematic champion of the world ’ s most universal
and popular sport does not fully explain why people have been so obsessed with him . His human qualities , as much as his talent and technical feats on the field , counted equally in establishing his popular
acclaim . They will promise to reverse the explosive monetary and fiscal expansion of the past two years , to do it neither too soon nor too late , and to do it in a coordinated way . Also gone are the cookie
cutter policy recommendations unaffected by contextual differences . This process must begin in school . It is self-deceiving to assume that those on the Palestinian side involved throughout the discredited
Oslo process can still muster the necessary popular legitimacy to win support for a compromise with Israel that would require painful concessions on issues central to the Palestinian national ethos . Second
, the euro area benefits from an independent European Central Bank whose swift actions to ease liquidity constraints and coordinate monetary policy have recently helped to avert a financial meltdown . All
the ugly facts that Russians ignored during the years of fast economic growth are bubbling to the surface . Most economic frameworks are among Asians only , but an American initiative could trump them and
ensure that the region remains open and engaged with the US . It could also help lessen the tendency of some governments to gravitate ever closer towards the booming Chinese economy . Given China ’ s extensive
reform agenda , further opening of the capital account can wait ; and , in view of liberalization s ambiguous benefits ’ and significant risks , it should . Wildlife may fare better than the physical environment
. In short , the two sides would coordinate the implementation of the less controversial aspects of what had been negotiated at Camp David C and put off trying to solve the most difficult issues , including
Jerusalem . As was true before the crisis , no one is monitoring the almost limitless virtual market “ ” for derivatives , where money moves freely without official rules or contact with the real economy
. Isn ’ t it normal to create some means of holding ministers accountable ? Moreover , massive economic dislocation could destroy the cohesion of the ruling elites and make them more vulnerable politically
. Indeed , members of the ruling elite will be the most immediately affected by financial deleveraging . Later , appeasement legitimized and stabilized Communism in the Soviet Union , then East Germany
, then throughout the rest of Eastern Europe , where for decades inhuman , repressive , and murderous governments were glorified . I recently took part in a conference in Belgrade entitled “ Dealing with
the Past in ex-Yugoslavia . ” But despite restrictions , by 2005 Germany had absorbed 37 % of all migrants from Eastern Europe that came before and after eastern EU enlargement , whereas Italy had absorbed
22 % , Greece 11 % , Switzerland 8 % , and the UK only 3 % . With President Bush at the table , the spin masters “ ” who put a victorious gloss on all his actions had little need to lower expectations concerning
the outcome of the G-8 meeting in Scotland . Any agreement would be seen as a major achievement . The write-off of multilateral debt for the world s poorest countries ’ – thanks to Britain ’ s leadership
– is nonetheless especially welcome . Traditional monarchs still have broad powers of appointment and decree . Newspapers around the world dutifully wrote feel-good stories about how engaged environmentalists
celebrated as the lights went out around the world . Fortunately , a free press , an independent judiciary , and a pluralist legislature helped to hold for such practices up public debate . How to Resolve
the Euro Crisis " It 's better for all of us that mainstream conservatives go to parliament , people who are not extremist but pragmatic and moderate , " according to the influential newspaper editor Amir
Mohebian , who is emerging as the face of Iranian " compassionate conservatism . " The only freedom Russians have left is to devise bitter jokes that tap the country ’ s rich historical stores of political
pathology . If they could export them , they would be as rich as Germans . But what Europe forgets is how those ideologies were overcome . With the help of crucial government support in the crisis , the
US financial sector ( or at least parts of it ) has bounced back , while America s real economy ’ struggles with high unemployment , discouraged labor-force dropouts , and damaged balance sheets . That
progress is taking place at a regional level too : a regional investment compact , a regional anti-corruption initiative , media reform . Agreements to upgrade the Blace border-crossing between fYROM and
Kosovo , and to build a new bridge over the Danube between Bulgaria and Romania have been made . There are aspects of growth that are like head-to-head competition , in which the gains of one country or
region can be at the expense of another country or region . We have started to bring hope by educating young Afghans , but we have not yet succeeded in bringing them a secure life , free from the danger
of bombs and aerial bombardment . Conceived as a confidence-building endeavor and accompanied by a robust peacemaking track , ACRS was interrupted by the difficulties in the peace process , by Arab states
’ insistence that Israel s nuclear capabilities ’ be addressed before anything else , and by the underlying struggle for mastery in the region . Still , they give him credit - 68 % of them - for having
the power to resolve the country 's principal problems . Throughout last autumn , they agonized over the rise of Spanish and Italian bond rates , until finally the European Central Bank decided to administer
pain relief in the form of large-scale liquidity provision to banks . European bankers surely knew better than to hand out so-called NINJA “ ” ( no income , no job , no assets ) loans . As a result , Turkey
is now seeking to contain a rapidly deteriorating regional security situation . In June 1871 , just after the war ended , the French statesman Léon Gambetta declaimed : “ Our adversaries have won , because
they rallied to their side foresight , discipline , and science . ” Chechen President Ramzan Kadyrov , a former rebel , immediately said that the brothers had nothing to do with his republic . Watching on
their televisions the solemn , dignified , peaceful , and transparent transfer of power from the president they had defeated to the president they had elected , French citizens could only feel good about
themselves and privileged to live in a democratic state . Indeed , the need to compensate bondholders for risks could provide market discipline : when financial firms operate in ways that can be expected
to produce increased risks down the road , they should expect to pay “ ” with , say , higher interest rates or tighter conditions . For slavery is not confined to Hongdong s brick plants ’ . Our founder
was a great constitutionalist , and Pakistan came into being through the vote . Transparency and the rule of law are the norm , and its government does all it can to fight terrorism . The US offered various
sweeteners to induce Israel to freeze its West Bank settlement construction for another 90 days . In contrast to deposit insurance , however , liquidity provision can avoid moral hazard by helpingonly those
banks that are solvent . If the Irish Supreme Court were to decide that the ESM requires popular consent , the EU would be faced with the prospect of yet another Irish referendum on Europe . That , it seems
, is the price of their arrogance . This combination of legal guarantees and changed economic circumstances is helping to mobilize a majority in favor of the Treaty . Opinion polls conducted in recent weeks
indicate that the Yes side commands a strong majority of 62 % to 23 % , with 15 % of the electorate undecided . John Maynard Keynes , an architect of Bretton Woods , believed that the true lesson of the
failures of the Depression-era 1930 s ’ lay precisely in the character of the large and chaotic 1933 London World Economic Conference . Low-income countries have posted larger gains in health and education
spending than other countries under IMF programs . To Serbia s credit ’ , the Ministry made its policy decision knowing that the change would require belt-tightening elsewhere in its budget , but it took
the action because it concluded that protecting human rights was more important than saving a few dinars . One and a half million people live in Gaza . They are part of a people of whom another 1.3 million
live in Israel , and another two million in the West Bank . But this mechanism lacks the common political will needed to activate it ; the less it is used , the less usable it will become . The lump-of-labor
theory assumes that working longer and employing more people is the same thing . Silvio Berlusconi 's ally in government , the Lega Nord ( Northern League ) , is continuously conjuring up schemes to embarrass
the national government with threats to the concept of national unity . If the growth trend is one percentage point lower – a distinct possibility in an era of protracted consumption weakness budget deficits
– would be a significantly higher . But the reason the Kremlin balked at offering Zakaev an amnesty is unlikely to be related him personally , but rather to Kadyrov . Would they allow me to carry out this
magic trick ? That is , PPP calculations effectively compare apples with oranges . Surveys suggest that , at the same social level , young children from poor neighborhoods achieve as well at school as others
. How could he manage to preside over such a spectacular stock-market boom ? Even if any reformer does become president , will he be able to overcome his differences with the Supreme Leader ? � Whose spy
is he ? Turkey ’ s pro-Western forces find just as much fault with their country s political system ’ as the European critics , but they expect the prospect of EU membership to accelerate the progress of
reforms . There are two distinct and crucial components of disaster preparedness . At the same time , there is a double agency problem , as the ultimate shareholders individual shareholders – – don ’ t directly
control boards and CEOs . These shareholders are represented by institutional investors ( pension funds , etc . ) whose interests , agendas , and cozy relationships often align them more closely with firms
CEOs and managers ’ . The eurozone ( and probably the EU ) cannot be saved in Greece or Finland if it cannot be saved in Germany . Committing Germany to that objective is precisely what Merkel has defined
as her political goal for the rest of her term in office . By rejecting the euro , Sweden , itself a small country , made it clear that it didn 't want to be part of a Europe that discriminated against
small countries . Lately , he has begun to admit that the " Malay first " policies he has promoted since 1969 have failed to produce the skilled Malay elite essential to a modern knowledge economy . Sterilized
foreign-exchange intervention keeps domestic interest rates high and feeds the inflows . But unsterilized intervention and / or reducing domestic interest rates creates excessive liquidity that can feed
domestic inflation and / or asset and credit bubbles . But Turkey ’ s Kurdish problem cannot be solved by military means . Looking to 2013 , the biggest risks are in the US and Europe . Unlike in the post-war
decades , Germans no longer want to escape to “ Europe ” from their difficult fatherland . Flores , a Social Christian candidate representing a rightist alliance , wants to maintain present President Alejandro
Toledo s neo-liberal policies ’ , which have boosted economic growth , foreign investment , and exports spectacularly over the past four years . In particular , there has been little action on issues like
creating a cross-border resolution authority to deal with the failure of a large financial group , something that can only be done at the international level . While the ICC s chief prosecutor ’ , Luis
Moreno-Ocampo , expresses confidence that Bashir will be brought to justice , it is unclear how this will happen . It is difficult to know what to make of this literary material , and at times to understand
it because of its archaic style , allusions and metaphors . But Al Qaeda s poetry ’ deserves closer attention , because it is a medium of communication between members of the movement . In some ways , Chinese
minorities in Southeast Asia have shared some of the hostility suffered by Jews in the West . American policymakers should bear that in mind . Caste , once again , is casting its shadow over India s politics
’ . Although China is often said to lack “ soft power , ” many of its ideas on economics and governance are coming into ascendance . Indeed , in pursuit of national economic stability , the Obama administration
is clearly moving towards the kind of government intervention that China has been promoting over the past two decades . Trade officials must acknowledge the lessons from these countries ’ experience and
reform the rules accordingly . The change in priorities - and outsiders ' tendency to overlook it - is not difficult to understand . Europe , Germany in particular , has been highly critical of the US approach
of placing its central bank at the center of its recovery strategy . Naturally , many Africans are unconvinced that France is acting only to defend the lives of a few thousand of its citizens , rather than
its economic and strategic interests , which are negligible for the former and null for the latter . China is developing a deployable police capacity that may provide an important new tool in peace operations
in fragile states . Unemployment reached 18 % last year , up from 13 % in 2010 . Meanwhile , the Egyptian economy contracted by 0.8 % , and one million Egyptians lost their jobs . García defeated Ollanta
Humala , who would have presumably joined the drift toward Chavez . But , in response to these new divisions , an Arab awakening – shaped by pan-Arabism and support for Palestine – was occurring . Spending
on transfer payments and / or nonmilitary purchases – which can become entrenched or be procured more cheaply from abroad ( for example , solar panels and wind turbines , respectively , in America s ’
2009 fiscal stimulus ) – is also likely to yield only a small multiplier . At the same time , the state must improve the quality and delivery of education , health care , and security , while minimizing
corruption and administrative abuses . Though I am an optimist , I am not blind to the problems that we face , or to the challenges that we must overcome to accelerate progress in the next 15 years . The
two that worry me the most are the possibility that we will be unable to raise the funds needed to pay for health and development projects , and that we will fail to align around clear goals to help the
poorest . For most people , the topics that excite physicists do not seem to affect daily life in the slightest . It is necessary because persistently weak global growth is unlikely to provide the solid
external demand for Chinese exports that it once did . But consumers will have never had it so good , and they will demand the goods that China can provide better than any other nation . It may also be too
late for Saudi Arabia . The Bank sterilizes the money supply caused by today ’ s trade surplus , but in the meantime causes further current-account surpluses in the future . For a decade , Britain stood
almost alone against expanding the Social Chapter . In a sense , Vargas Llosa is a contradictory committed figure : in the European meaning of the word , he is probably the most liberal of Latin America
’ s public intellectuals , but also the most vocal and daring . He put his money where his mouth was by running for Peru s presidency ’ , and he became a virtual king-maker by throwing his support to Ollanta
Humala , who has apparently abandoned populism to embrace the tenets of the modern Latin American democratic left . Yale historian Jonathan Spence has long cautioned that the West tends to view China through
the same lens as it sees itself . Although China now has displaced Japan as the world s second largest economy ’ , Japan will remain a strong power for the foreseeable future . Often , governments and employers
then find that it is in their interest to begin to remove barriers to women ’ s full participation . But even if they could disarm the extremists , Palestinians are divided about how far they are willing
to go to attain security for Israel . India s overtures ’ to Pakistan s government ’ have largely remained unanswered , and when Indian officials express their unease , the US , if not the international
community , accuses them of behaving irresponsibly . As a result , Ahmadinejad has been the most costly president for Khamenei to date , because he forced the Supreme Leader to deplete his power in the
face of a common enemy – a move that called into question his own judgment and tarnished his reputation . Thus , the UN team is much smaller and less experienced than its predecessors , and faces Iraqi
counterparts steeped in the art of deception . Still , Europe is far ahead of the US on farm-animal welfare . It was far more costly to get Hezbollah to serve Iran s strategy ’ . They combine fear with corruption
to maintain kleptocracies dominated by “ the big man ” and his coterie . The international community to cannot continue to do business with Mr Kuchma until an impartial investigation has been completed
and those responsible are held accountable . The change of position by theTimes , unfortunately , does not herald an about-face in the American electorate . Javier Solana , the EU High Representative for
the Common Foreign and Security Policy , will continue to press for results . But nobody should take Irish voters for granted in the final days of the campaign . During the round-the-clock coverage of the
nuclear drama , the specter of Chernobyl has been raised repeatedly . A leading public intellectual Naoki Inose , who is also Tokyo ’ s vice governor , has declared that “ the era of growth is over . ”
When Japan was threatened by Western imperialism , he says , the country had to open up ( in 1868 ) and modernize . She was betrayed by her own former ally , Rita Verdonk , and a variety of Dutch xenophobes
, who don ’ t like an outspoken black female immigrant from Somalia any more than they like Muslims . After all , institutions are not hot-house plants capable of being planted in any soil and climate . Everything
is viewed as politics and votes , not as technical problems requiring technological expertise , which is why Africa ’ s poverty is so often attributed to corruption rather than to ecological challenges
. In fact , the ratio of federal to national votes in the ECB is 1 : 2.5 . And , since each member state has one vote , there is a massive imbalance between the voting weight and the GDP weight of individual
countries . Or , in 11 words : horizontal drilling and hydraulic fracturing to recover deposits of shale gas . And debt and deficit concerns will remain , with the virtual certainty of at least one sovereign-debt
restructuring in Europe . “ Asia ” may not exist culturally , historically , religiously , socially , and economically , the way that Europe does . Similarly , my office defended the liberal weekly newspaper
Novoe Vremya ( New Times ) , which was being pressured by Moscow 's city government on the pretext of a commercial dispute about a lease . Creating a rule of law and institutions for political participation
has lagged behind economic growth , and growing inequality , massive internal migration , an inadequate social safety net , and corruption could foster political instability . And , while the personal saving
rate rose to 5 % of disposable income in the first half of 2011 from the rock-bottom 1.2 % low hit in mid-2005 , this is far short of the nearly 8 % norm that prevailed during the last 30 years of the
twentieth century . Even so , its disappearance as a force in world politics has not been accompanied by an acceptance of a diversity of political systems . In 1990 , Europeans and Americans joined forces
to reverse Iraq s invasion and occupation ’ of Kuwait . Finally , we have seen cyber-attacks not just swamping Web sites , but targeting entire countries , such as NATO ally Estonia in 2007 . The Estonian
presidency , parliament , government ministries , political parties , news organizations , banks , and communications companies were all hit . Members of one extended family within the Dagomb organized
the murder of the tribe 's own chief . Both research teams rate Albania , Bangladesh , the Gambia , Malaysia , Mali , Niger , Nigeria , Pakistan , and Turkey as meeting the three-year criterion , with all
but Albania and Niger meeting the five-year criterion . In the course of maneuvering to delay the UN ceasefire , Bush and Rice continually reiterated the need for a Security Council resolution that deals
forcefully with “ the roots of the problem . ” Of course , for them and for Israel , this was Hezbollah and the need to eradicate or at a minimum disarm it and force its fighters to a safe distance from
settlements and towns in northern Israel . The journalists were part of a spring sweep that turned 75 Cubans-including librarians , writers , and other professionals-into political prisoners . As a result
, despite Saddam s fall ’ , the Najaf seminary remains impotent . As we can already see , it will not be easy to overcome the obstacles posed by vertically integrated ministries and agencies . Russia s national
revival ’ and new assertiveness under President Vladimir Putin is not really home made but reflects highly auspicious international conditions . Oil and gas prices are sky high , the United States is overwhelmed
by serious problems in Iraq and the Middle East , and the West is divided about how it should deal with Russia . Iran has a tradition of architectural design that has revealed key insights to cognitive
scientists . But , because an alliance of equals is impossible , a flexible combination of limited partnership and local rivalry seems the most likely course . Today ’ s Counter-Enlightenment How the Arab
world reacts to Iraq 's reckoning , and whether other Arabs will face their own complicity in Saddam 's legacy , will tell us a great deal about what sort of Arab societies the future will bring . As a
result of the disappearance of these checks and balances , the quality of the government s decisions ’ has fallen sharply . Hezbollah faces parliamentary elections in the spring of 2013 . They want more
policy influence the next time the Fund decides to bail out a fellow emerging-market country like Argentina , Brazil , Indonesia , and Turkey . Fiscal deficits so large that they put the debt-to-GDP ratio
on an explosive upward trend do not merely act as a drag on long-term economic growth ; they also create the possibility that at any moment the economy might face an immediate macroeconomic and financial
disaster . If goodness is a problem , then the answer – or at the least part of the answer – can be found in evolutionary biology . First , some background . Japan was long famous for having the highest
saving rate among the industrial countries . Such a harsh measure suggests that , even though the sanctions have hardened North Korea s desire ’ to export nuclear weapons and technology to Iran , the process
is becoming more difficult and the regime is losing its key mechanism to earn foreign currency . A second trial against our newspaper had worse consequences : a $ 25,000 fine ( a huge sum here ) based on
allegations that we had damaged the reputation of the Mika Armenia Company , controlled by the so-called Karabakh clan that helps rule Armenia . Such cases seem to point to the return of a European past
in which democracy ’ s failures gave way to more “ expedient forms ” of government . In many of the HIPCs , we find heavy spending on urban hospitals and higher education relative to basic health care and
primary education . One hopes that the Iranian government s announcement ’ to its own people reads roughly the same , in reverse , focusing on the important concessions that Iranian negotiators have won
. That includes suspension of international sanctions on Iran s exports ’ of oil , gold , and cars , which could yield $ 1.5 billion in revenue ; unfreezing $ 4.2 billion in revenue from oil sales ; and
releasing tuition-assistance payments from the Iranian government to Iranian students enrolled abroad . Whether or not developing countries benefited was of little concern . Insofar as the term retains any
meaning , the world is bipolar , and is likely to remain so over the foreseeable future . ” Some of America s allies ’ , now professing outrage at disclosures of US spying , have been known to do the same
thing to the US . According to the US , when it inspects a non-American s e-mail ’ , it is searching for terrorist connections , and has often shared the findings with its allies . A day after he was sworn
in as India ’ s president , Pranab Mukherjee announced that he would open a Facebook account to receive and respond to the public s questions ’ . By all calculations , the burdens imposed by malaria on
economic growth are huge . Chiding Russian doctors for their failure to contain tuberculosis , however , makes little sense when they are not responsible for slashing the health budgets under which they
operate . Other experts , of course , believe that the real economy is in jeopardy , and that the threat of a recession is genuine . But , unfortunately , hardly any experts can speak with confidence about
both finance and macroeconomics . Although this unit was also a separate legal entity , AIG guaranteed its obligations toward derivative counterparties . Mortals see death as the gateway to true life , much
as a caterpillar might look at a butterfly . Will Europe Learn to Love Bush ? Smith s ruling ’ finds that “ a bright-line ethical distinction is elusive , ” and that the view that there is no such ethical
distinction is “ persuasive . ” But other dissidents remain free . None should reduce their diplomatic and security relations to a zero-sum game over claims to this or that island , for example . Yet not
only is such a demand naïve , with the Bush team battling for re-election , it is not at all certain that most of America 's European allies would heed a US call for solidarity if one were issued . Their
commander , who spoke with a distinct Liberian accent , called himself Captain Goldteeth . Having them all hit a weak , still-depressed economy simultaneously is not good . Instead , Palme praised East Germany
's leader , Erich Honecker , underlining shared goals and the mutual struggle for peace and development . In the end , it is up to good managers to decide who can work where , and to make meetings short
and useful . I was co-host with Bhutan s prime minister ’ , Jigme Thinley , a leader in sustainable development and a great champion of the concept of “ GNH . ” For insisting on contractionary policies ,
the IMF bears its great culpability . Almost everyone on the European continent , exhausted by war , and faced with the shattered institutions of their ravaged nation-states , agreed . It is thus time to
make real use of the UN , to call upon the General Assembly to take the lead . Yes , the British were ultimately defeated . But they left a unique roadway to the FATA through the adjoining settled areas
. He could , however , smooth over some of the rougher edges of Putin s energy policy ’ – a small concession here , a new deal there – but only at the fringes . The second is that medium-term inflation “
expectations no longer remain sufficiently well anchored . ” The UN weapons inspectors are now at work in Iraq , trying to determine how many weapons of mass destruction have been developed in the last
four years . But this does not mean that there is no scope for differences . Kompromaty fake – , compromising charges – are used liberally and openly . While three countries ( Mexico , Poland , and Colombia
) have used this facility , innovation on a greater scale is probably needed . ( at 1948-49 prices- Rs . ) In their view , once Iran s military capabilities and nuclear program ’ are destroyed , the Iranians
will no longer represent a threat . However , it seems obvious that whatever happens , the Iranians will fight an asymmetric war not only on their own territory , but also in the neighboring region for
years to come . It is important to appreciate these efforts – and to demand more . Even before the election , Thaksin sought control of the media . Seventh , in countries where private and public debt levels
are unsustainable household debt – in countries where the housing boom has gone bust and debts of governments , like Greece s ’ , that suffer from insolvency rather than just illiquidity liabilities –
should be restructured and reduced to prevent a severe debt deflation and contraction of spending . It is offensive . Man 's relationship to nature is a theme as old as our species , but that relationship
is changing in complex ways . Farther east , the US and Russia are not cooperating as expected on Afghanistan s post-war transition ’ . Various studies show that tall men are often favored , and that corporate
CEOs are taller than average . Inflation would clearly make creditors worse off . The second limitation of long run models is this : they are estimated from history and so make no allowance for dramatic
changes in the supply side or financial environment . Japan , for example , is in the grip of a growth crisis and public finance disaster - not the usual companions of an appreciating currency . The smaller
actor cannot compete with the larger in terms of military might , but it can use violence to set the world agenda and construct narratives that affect its targets soft power ’ . This week , world leaders
have an opportunity to steer developments onto a new and more hopeful path when they meet in London to forge a new compact with Afghanistan . The Crisis of Fiscal Imagination PARIS – By chance , it appears
that the US Congress will decide on or around September 11 whether to endorse President Barack Obama s proposal ’ to respond militarily to the Syrian government s use ’ of poison gas against civilians
. This , unfortunately , is what has been lost in the debate about Europe of late : However loud and aggressive the anti-austerity movement becomes , there still will be no simple Keynesian cure for the
single currency s debt ’ and growth woes . One proposed approach would reduce the significance of the raters opinions ’ . They mobilize armies , organize political factions , combat warlords , or try to
grapple with religious extremism . As the G8 leaders gather in Scotland , it is hard to imagine them coming up with a better investment in our common future . That is precisely why the International Criminal
Court in The Hague was established . Most of the 375 million or so people eligible to vote in the European elections on June 4-7 probably have only a hazy idea , or none at all , which explains why voter
turnout throughout the European Union is likely to be disastrously low . Indeed , the European confrontation Merkel initiated ( shame on you if you see a connection with the upcoming German elections )
has changed the EU forever . Reform fatigue implies that Central and Eastern Europe needs a respite to catch its breath . This change in sentiment was catalyzed by the financial crises in Asia , Eastern
Europe , and Latin America in the late 1990 s ’ and early 2000 s ’ , and by what many in these regions regarded as the West ’ s inadequate and poorly designed responses . So , does the new fascination with
capital controls hold up to scrutiny ? If government officials in London had demanded absolute certainty , the epidemic might have continued for another 30 years until the cholera bacterium was identified
. Fewer remittances flowing into Uganda could mean less economic activity – or simply lower prices . In recent years , with countries such as China , India , and Brazil taking their rightful place on the
international scene , the G-7 has given way to the G-20 . Likewise , an ambitious reform of the International Monetary Fund was adopted in 2010 to reflect changes in the global distribution of power . America
s Republican Party ’ has three types of fiscal conservatives : supply-side tax-cutters , those who would limit government spending , and budget balancers . This change will shift the foreign-policy parameters
of the Middle East conflict ( understood as both an Israeli-Palestinian conflict and as a conflict between Israelis and Arabs more generally ) . The euro was flawed from the outset , but it was clear that
the consequences would become apparent only in a crisis . In fact , there is a strong case for involving the private sector in development assistance . As another important factor in the debate , US Treasury
Secretary Lawrence Summers issued his own calls for modest World Bank reforms , following proposals that he made earlier for modest IMF reforms . So what gives ? A multicultural society that accepts every
taboo of its diverse groups would have little to talk about . Throughout the Cold War , they viewed restraints on America s development ’ and fielding of nuclear weapons as compromising national security
. The First and Second Party Congresses had only a few dozen representatives , who possessed the power to question the party 's highest officials . In fact , although the central government has the authority
to collect the revenues generated by existing fields , there is no law to prevent local officials from modernizing old sites and claiming that they are new . In its first decades , communist China built
its military strength and simultaneously used the soft power of Maoist revolutionary doctrine and Third World solidarity to cultivate allies abroad . It used to be commonly thought that a home s value ’
consists primarily in the structure , not in the land on which it sits . Its most difficult task will be to obtain the testimony of the victims . Since 1955 , Singapore has taken a direct approach : a compulsory
national saving plan , which generates very high saving rates . This is particularly true in finance and banking . Indeed , it seems as if everyone in the Kremlin is reading Carl Schmitt , the Nazi legal
theorist who taught that naming your enemy is the central mission of politics . Research into the brain mechanisms of fear helps us to understand why these emotional conditions are so hard to control . I
would put the unused capital to productive use and increase grant-giving activities of the Bank . As recent events in the East and South China Seas show , China sometimes attempts to strong-arm its neighbors
. But this project is as utopian as Marxism once was , and promises to be considerably more short-lived than the Soviet Union . With recovery , both may recover to previous levels , and the 6 % -of-GDP US
external deficit will be back . In fact , there has been no change in relative prices or depreciation of the US dollar of a magnitude that would augur a permanent shift in trade and spending patterns . Moreover
, the issuance and trading of derivatives ought to be at least as strictly regulated as that of stocks . A racist has a negative attitude to people of a particular race . The problem is that they have nowhere
to turn . Many of those now objecting to the prosecution of Bashir participated in the decisions leading to the indictment . If the ICC s indictment ’ now causes them discomfort , that is only because they
did not anticipate that the Court would carry out the responsibilities that they themselves assigned to it . The resource curse means , of course , that Russian elites will prefer to postpone restructuring
the economy and modernizing the country s political and economic institutions ’ . This will undermine economic performance , making it very unlikely that Russia will catch up with the advanced economies
in the next 10-15 years , as officials promise . An older technology features vast strip mines , huge diggers , and trucks carting oily dirt to industrial-scale pressure cookers that drain off the bitumen
. While Karzai has been fickle , to say the least , about cooperation with the Americans ( indeed , he has since backed away from participation in the Doha talks ) , the rupture of his political alliance
with non-Pashtun leaders has also fueled ethnic polarization . Thus , genetic selection will inevitably move towards genetic enhancement . The idea of outlawing such tests was first floated in 1954 by Indian
Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru , who framed his proposal in the context of broader progress toward nuclear disarmament , just as we are doing today . The CTBT has now been signed by 182 states and will
enter into force after being ratified by nine more : China , Egypt , India , Iran , Israel , North Korea , Pakistan , and the US , while Indonesia has announced it will ratify it soon . It was , of course
, nice that world leaders could agree that it would be bad to risk the devastation that could be wrought by an increase in global temperatures of more than two degrees Celsius . But ill-equipped and poorly
led UN replacement forces for the American presence put the remaining US troops in the bull s eye ’ as they attempted to bring to justice the Somali warlord responsible for the death of Pakistani peacekeepers
. The ensuing bloodbath of US soldiers generated images that the American public could not stomach , prompting the exit of American and then UN forces . Ironically , Hishamuddin Hussein is far from an Islamic
hard-liner . Some developing countries - Israel , Korea , and Taiwan - also invest heavily in higher education and scientific research . There is a window of opportunity to rebuild its state and institutions
in more viable forms . During Obama s first year ’ in office , his administration placed a high priority on cooperation with China , but Chinese leaders seemed to misread US policy as a sign of weakness
. With China looming on the horizon as a much more confident and defiant force than Russia , including as a key player in the G20 , Russia is being courted by all the world s powers ’ . Relatives of most
report that they were abducted . Since 2001 , unit labor costs have been growing faster than real GDP and employment , undermining the economy ’ s competitiveness vis-à-vis developing countries . Europe
can stop this negative dynamic now with bold action . September 11 th has thrust those of us who consider ourselves progressives - who believe in democracy , feminism , human rights and socialism - into
a 1956-type crisis . The same approach should work for fiscal policy . Some , of course , may fear a loss of democratic accountability . An agreement of this nature could be the new Kyoto treaty for the
world – the principal difference being that this protocol would actually make a difference and stand a good chance of global acceptance . If a menacing wild animal approaches , we feel fear and anxiety
. Ukraine is unraveling . What is wrong with the fact that a parliamentary committee passes a political judgment against a Commissioner for purely political reasons ? The rejection of my nomination was ,
according to many , just another political battle : you win some , you lose some , but you cannot say that you have been unfairly discriminated against simply because you lost . Gazprom s dominance ’ is
reinforced by activities coordinated with the Kremlin to assert its influence in markets like Spain and Italy . In exchange for gas deals with rival suppliers , such as Algeria , Russia has offered vast
concessions on arms and preferential debt terms . China realizes that it has entered a phase of economic growth that is imposing enormous and unsustainable demands – – on the environment . Unless there
is a change in course , living standards will eventually be compromised . The underlying principle is a decidedly counterintuitive fact of life . The Dutch populist , Geert Wilders , is a frequent caller
, telling sympathetic audiences that Israel is on the front line of the Western war against Islam . And , in December , a delegation of European far-right politicians toured Jewish settlements on the occupied
West Bank , pleasing their hosts by reassuring them that this was “ Jewish land . ” In recent months , Obama has stepped up his own involvement and that of senior figures in his administration in support
of a peace strategy for Sudan . Diamond discovered that , ultimately , politicians trump bankers – at least in the UK . Before having completed a year in office , Fernando Lugo , President of Paraguay ,
declared himself in favor of presidential re-election , currently prohibited in his country . Hot money will increase currency appreciation pressure and complicate macroeconomic management . Russia seeks
China s support ’ in opposing American missile-defense systems , and calls for the involvement of all nuclear states in future strategic arms-control talks , but then cites concerns about China s military
modernization ’ to justify its refusal to negotiate with NATO on tactical nuclear-weapon reduction . China , which has never adopted legally binding limits on its nuclear weapons or strategic nuclear-delivery
vehicles , rejects Russia s call ’ to join negotiations – a stance that the US supports until the Russian and US nuclear arsenals move closer in size to those of China . Yet many poor countries have untapped
financial resources . Later , “ new classical economists ” like Robert Lucas and Thomas Sargent demonstrated that once people understand that inflation is being manipulated to generate market optimism ,
the monetary authorities actions ’ lose their impact . The result is higher prices and no job creation . As both an admirer of the EU and a supporter of Turkey 's accession to the EU , I believe Giscard
wrong in his crude characterization . Many occur on an international basis , and we need to encourage such discourse , even in tough times for government budgets . Reliable statistics were not available
in all countries , and for years there was no political will to protect public budgets from the impact of rapidly aging populations on pension and health-care costs . But why is Italian Prime Minister Mario
Monti , who is not an elected politician ( and has promised not to run for election ) , so hesitant ? But the relationship has not disappeared entirely . What is legal , they think , is also legitimate . The
CPS survey was never designed to do this , but it offered the most favorable gloss on the Bush administration 's dreadful record on employment . If it priced in yen , it would risk losing its market share
if the yen appreciated . If Japanese firms are dominant in a particular Swiss market , they prefer to price in yen : a Japanese firm then would not have to worry about losing market share when the yen
appreciated , because its competitors would face the same pressures . The existing power relations in the Middle East have indeed been permanently shaken and , indeed , revolutionized . The effect however
, has not been a domino-like democratization ; instead we are threatened with a domino effect of descent into chaos . This obviously is contrary to the interest of the funding company , but so far it has
not resulted in substantial changes in the way trials are done . Chinese experts are now debating a key governance question : which top-level architecture would enable the country to adopt the reforms needed
to meet global and domestic pressures ? Investors are concerned about Chinese equities erratic performance ’ , regulatory risks , and policy surprises , as well as the uncertainties stemming from greater
volatility in asset prices , including property prices , interest rates , and the exchange rate . Across Africa , these approaches often aim for a " win _ win " outcome : the poor benefit and resources
are conserved . Will Germany agree to such a relaxation or , – for that matter , to Hollande s implicit demand ’ that the ECB follow Japan s example ’ and loosen monetary policy to drive the exchange rate
back down ? The differences between the new and old cycle are starkly revealed in attitudes toward the trade deficit . Despite piloting the economy through a post-recession recovery , Major lost to Tony
Blair in 1997 , ending 18 years of Conservative government and bringing a 13-year Labour run , which will probably end when Britain votes for a new government on May 6 . Since 2004 , China s government
’ has sought to cool an overheating economy by bringing the growth rate down from 12 % to a more sustainable 8-9 % . It even began to tax exports in order to reduce the trade surplus . Moreover , growth
under Chavez seems to reflect an increase in domestic consumption resulting from the flow of petrodollars and nothing more fundamental , as oil remains the economy ’ s only real engine . Instead , the consequence
was a corrupt , militarized Palestinian Authority , with competing security services proved incapable of providing security . But the majority opinion of Justice John Paul Stevens paid little heed to the
Administration 's parade of horribles . American START negotiators argued with their Russian colleagues for months to exclude legally binding language that might constrain missile defenses or the use of
non-nuclear warheads on long-range ballistic missiles . Although some US officials remain skeptical about these capabilities , they appreciate that Congress might not ratify a START Treaty that included
formal limitations on these options . Instead , the economy must first be pumped full of money to make up for the collapse of credit ; then , when credit begins to flow again , the liquidity must be drained
from the system almost as fast as it was injected . Of course , it is impossible to make serious inroads against poverty without generating persistent economic growth . But , based on the continent s economic
performance ’ over the past last 15 years , growth alone is unlikely to reduce poverty by more than 25 % in the next ten years . Did September 11 mark the end of a period of the expansion of the human rights
idea and the beginning of a process of retrenchment ? One reason for this is the difference between the cultures of basic science and applied science . To be sure , demand contraction was inevitable in these
countries , given that they were living far beyond their means ; no economy can permanently sustain a rate of demand growth exceeding that of GDP . The latter have become increasingly vocal and powerful
, often represented by large multinational corporations . In his latest book , Paul Blustein recounts how a former Indian trade minister once asked his American counterpart to bring him a picture of an
American farmer : “ I have never actually seen one , ” the minister quipped . Investors have reacted by trying to get out of the euro and , in particular , steer clear of Greek government debt . A bolder
solution would be direct cash transfers to the poor . There seems to be a general recognition of substantial downside risk , as the current credit crisis seems to be related to the decline in US home prices
that we have already seen . However , as long as Tibet remains part of China , it is hard to see how its distinct cultural identity can survive . The agenda is clear . Over 90 % said “ no . ” This is why
thousands went into the streets to be counted . In his 2000 election campaign , George W. Bush said about America , " If we are an arrogant nation , they 'll view us that way , but if we 're a humble nation
, they 'll respect us . " Europe is currently facing its most challenging crisis of the postwar period . After six quarters of recession , the slump is spreading to the eurozone s core countries ’ . Egyptian
opposition groups , too , have staged increasingly bold marches and other forms of civil disobedience in the last few weeks . During the Cultural Revolution ’ s early days , the Beijing-based Allied Movement
, formed by the children of party cadres , committed horrendous acts of violence , operating under the slogan , “ If the father is a hero , the son is a good man ; if the father is a reactionary , the
son is a turtle egg . ” In France , it has been demonstrated that the middle class spends more per capita on its health than the 20 % of the poorest French do . Turkey has been deft in seizing these new
opportunities , with exports increasingly headed south and east to the emerging economies , rather than west to high-income markets . Not all prisons succumb to these corrosive and polarizing dynamics . "
Our aim is to show the world that a country which has a Muslim population can also be democratic , transparent , modern , and cooperative with the world . " In 1996 and 1997 , World Chess Champion Gary
Kasparov played a pair of matches against an IBM computer named “ Deep Blue . ” A movement that is genuinely populist in origin poses a threat to their own position in the power structure . For once , a
grassroots movement has arisen that is composed of people – some with Ivy League degrees , but many without – who are taking seriously the Internet-age promise that you don ’ t have to yield leadership
to an established class of politicians and pundits . By transcending strictly national limits , these treaties chart the future path of European defense and will help determine the course of Europe ’ s
relations with the United States and NATO . It is a future that could unfold with defining and decisive leadership by world leaders at Rio + 20 . But in many places in the developing world , open public
spaces are as rare as stable democracies . Did they actually live happily ever after ? The abuses of farm workers by agribusiness interests there have been serious and systematic . Sadat would , of course
, continue to champion the Palestinian cause as the heart of an Arab consensus and sometimes as a fig leaf for his own Egypt-focused foreign policy . But , for all practical purposes , Sadat had embarked
on a path leading to a separate peace with Israel . More than a billion people around the world today do not . Second , consolidation of Europe s banking sector ’ must be extended , with all protectionist
barriers or other obstacles to mergers and acquisitions eliminated . In this context , Argentina ’ s rich and powerful vote with their wallets and send their dollars overseas . BRUSSELS – The recent abductions
of Syriac Orthodox Archbishop Yohanna Ibrahim and his Greek Orthodox counterpart , Paul Yazigi , reflect not only the increasing brutality of Syria s civil war ’ , but also the escalating crisis for Christians
across the Arab world one – that could end up driving them away altogether . Mankind must also confront other global threats “ without enemies ” that are separate from ( though linked with ) climate change
. Israel must learn to speak in fewer political tongues . The War Against Iraq s Children ’ It also tremendously complicates peace negotiations , which both the Palestinians and the Quartet “ ” ( the United
States , the European Union , the United Nations , and Russia ) had premised on maintaining the Gaza Strip and the West Bank as a single territorial unit . But the Monterrey meeting provides an opportunity
for such ideas to be discussed and vetted . Finally , a social-policy cycle is also ending – one that attempted to lift the poor out of poverty through subsidies and direct benefits . This is no longer
sufficient . Can the IMF Avert a Global Meltdown ? In cold waters , however , recovery takes much longer , as the Exxon Valdez spill in Alaska in 1989 demonstrated . The codicil to the summit communiqué was
created to address these concerns . It emphasized the importance of sharing information about nuclear safety , and incorporated specific measures , including the creation of a framework for rapid notification
in the event of an emergency and exchanges of experts to assist in managing future nuclear crises and ensuring that regional concerns are taken into account . America s failure ’ to win any lasting geopolitical
advantage through the use of military force in Iraq and Afghanistan underscore the limits of its power , while its budget crisis ensures that it will cut its military resources sooner rather than later
. Nor did the endless debates on the shape of the table in the Vietnam negotiations advance the effort to end that malign conflict . A far more inertial indicator is unemployment , which experts predict
will grow in 2010 . Even so , the possibility of reform has never been closer because Iran 's huge and young population demands it . Her decision has raised the profile of Malawi , home to recurrent food
shortages and seasonal famines . One place to start is the tax deduction for interest payments on home mortgages . America and the world are focused on whether the Bush administration will adopt the Iraq
Study Group s recommendations ’ for an exit strategy from Iraq . Those in Mexico , Indonesia , Brazil , India and other emerging markets should be told a quite different message : do not strive for a mythical
free-market economy , which has never existed . Do not follow the encomiums of US special interests , whether in the corporate or financial arena , because , although they preach free markets , back home
they rely on the US government to advance their aims . The gasoline tax , which brings in ¥ 2.6 trillion , was to be abolished . Firms have responded to inhospitable conditions by cutting workforces and
boosting productivity through more capital-intensive production processes and , when needed , by offshoring their capacities . For example , in January 1974 , when the first world oil crisis began , oil
prices doubled in just days . Or even any serious and incurable illness or disability ? An historical addiction to cheap gasoline , and opposition to energy reform as “ un-American , ” has fueled an obsession
with drilling , damming , and digging the country ’ s way out of problems . Business exasperation with the President 's highhandedness led to the announcement of a one-day strike on December 10 th , as
well as serious doubts over an international strategy that seemed to favor Osama Bin Laden over George Bush . The measures introduced by the ECB went a long way toward relieving banks liquidity problems
’ , but nothing was done to reduce the large risk premiums on government bonds . The Security Council ’ s permanent members thus remain legibus soluti , i.e. , sovereign in the seventeenth-century sense
of the word , meaning “ able to do evil with impunity . ” Reportedly , Nigeria is being pushed to increase debt service payments . So far , creditors reject Nigeria 's calls for debt reduction , and instead
offer Nigeria the phony solution of " debt rescheduling . " This may be the most concise statement of what makes Europe Europe . Iceland has kept medical data on its population for more than a century ,
including records of the deceased . Sixty-three years after the Guatemalan experiments , an American historian , Susan Reverby , was rummaging through archived medical papers from the 1940 s ’ . Many of
my comrades were robbed of that chance , for few remain alive . An important factor in the heterogenous experiences of developing countries in the 1990s is that starting conditions varied immensely between
countries undergoing economic reform . The most important differences appear to be in the physical and human assets of the poor . Obama , now free of electoral shackles , and the international community
should give Palestinians peaceful effort ’ a chance at life . So there is a case for going back to political basics . But it is an agenda for the region ’ s “ haves , ” not its have “ nots . ” In places
like south Lebanon , which suffer from deep social cleavages and inequalities , free elections and free trade hold little resonance for people who are impoverished and marginalized . But it is also the
responsibility of the government to prepare a detailed and realistic policy aimed at securing the necessary level of defense capability in the event of unforeseen threats . Japan ’ s government should
thus give a clear indication of a true will to defend the country s security ’ . Similarly , while Tocqueville thought that pursuing virtue as the ancients did , or having a religious faith , could sometimes
elevate the soul , both conflict with the democratic ideal if they become officially prescribed in public life . If possible , I would talk to her later in order to gain a clearer picture of her experience
. Lenders provide money when times are good , but want their money back when , say , energy prices plummet . ( As the old adage has it , banks only like to lend to those who do not need money . ) It verges
on slavery when children are locked up without proper lighting , food , and healthcare . This would provide them with an incentive even before that point to make decisions concerning energy pricing and
efficiency that would reduce the growth of their emissions without impeding economic growth , and thus extend the period during which their emission levels remain unrestricted . " Aren 't you afraid of
the police ? " " No , " Boris replied , " I have a document with Benjamin Franklin 's face on it . This is especially true of Bachmann . The laughter should have gone in the opposite direction . Disney could
not have worked a more seductive transformation . First , they are weary of renewed Iranian attempts to destabilize Iraq . And , over time , Israeli settler disengagement from the West Bank and East Jerusalem
has become just as impossible as any attempt by Israel to expel its remaining Arabs . There is an argument , made by Nicholas Kristof in the New York Times , that a swift punishment might persuade Syrian
President Bashar Al-Assad to stop using chemical weapons and use “ more banal ways to slaughter his people . ” But today ’ s situation shares two features with the earlier episodes of financial euphoria
over Latin America : sky-high commodity prices and cheap international money . Rather than objectively describing the actual political situation in the Middle East , the notion of a fundamental Iranian
threat is being used to continue unconditional Western support for increasingly unstable regimes . Nor has its political evolution matched its economic progress . On the other hand , too much rainfall can
be as bad as too little , especially when it comes out of season . Parts of East and West Africa are expected to get wetter , with rain falling in heavy , intense storms that not only bring greater risks
of erosion , flooding , and crop damage , but also leave people more exposed to malaria and cattle herds to decimation by outbreaks of diseases like Rift Valley fever . These biases matter because they
do not jibe with the enlarged Europe of today . The French are notoriously sensitive--if not defensive--about France 's stature in the world . But it is time to think big , to escape from the constraints
of the past , and to try to tackle the problems of our age if we truly want to prevent catastrophic events and achieve genuine and long-lasting global peace and security . Indeed , American foreign policy
s pivot ’ “ to the Pacific ” could not be undertaken without the US having first reinvigorated its relationships with Asia s democracies ’ . So , this time really is at least a little different . Substitution
of paracetamol for aspirin , researchers proposed , may have led to an enhanced allergic immune response , thereby increasing susceptibility to asthma and other allergic disorders . They have not provided
enough bank guarantees , forced enough mortgage renegotiations , increased spending enough , or financed enough employment to rebalance financial markets , return asset prices to normal configurations
, and facilitate a rapid return to full employment . But unemployment has not climbed far above 10 % , either . If we are serious about wanting to solve global warming , we need to take action that actually
does good – as opposed to wasting valuable resources on empty agreements and moral posturing that merely make us feel good . Switching off our lights and promising to cut carbon emissions may make us feel
momentarily virtuous , but that ’ s all it does . Moreover , America ’ s ongoing demographic transformation makes it harder for candidates who are unable to reach out strongly to Latinos and other minority
communities – something that Romney singularly failed to do to carry – the country . Among those in the 20-24 age group , the difference between the reported unemployment rate and the percentage of youth
without a job and looking for one ( the unemployment ratio ) is less stark . But , even among this age group , one finds that the unemployment ratio is often about one-half of the widely reported unemployment
rate . To achieve sustained growth , a balance between short-term and long-term objectives must be struck . Like the Obama administration , they believe that the next round of cuts should focus on Russia
and the US , which still possess almost all the world s nuclear weapons ’ . Musharraf must assess what will be his legacy . Rather than trying to face down impeachment and prolonging the crisis , he should
recognize that Pakistan cannot afford more instability , and that giving up honorably will bring him some respect . LOS ANGELES amp # 45 ; amp # 45 ; The approval of fresh sanctions on Iran marks the third
time that the United Nations Security Council has been galvanized to stem the Islamic Republic ’ s feared uranium enrichment efforts . But that reconciliation did not last long : Google , after all , had
accepted censorship from the beginning of its efforts in China , in 2006 , in order to gain entry into the Chinese market . The second unleashes the worst : envy , intrigue , greed , suspicion , and the
urge for revenge . Japan 's dependence on imported Middle Eastern oil also demands that we understand what a war against Iraq might mean . Nobel laureate Amartya Sen wisely reminds us that “ it is important
that the practical case for tobacco control is not dismissed on the basis of an incomplete libertarian argument . ” The first advantage is that you ’ re not burdened with Ariel Sharon s negative image ’
among Palestinians and Arabs . Having been the mayor of Jerusalem for 10 years , you know the situation of Palestinians close up . This would be the clearest sign of his intention to put reform on the right
track . With fiscal austerity all the rage , they have given up ensuring that “ people can buy ” and industries “ can produce . Central banks ” have been handed the job of keeping economies afloat , but
most of the money that they print remains stuck in the banking system , unable to arrest stagnating consumption and falling investment . The intent was to prepare the ground for a military takeover . The
US and the Soviet Union cooperated in limited ways ( for example , in controlling nuclear arms ) despite fundamental differences . By arresting Khodorkovsky , Putin has revealed his authoritarian nature
to the entire world . MILAN Markets and capitalist incentives – have great strengths in promoting economic efficiency , growth , and innovation . Feeling sympathy for Norway is hard . Thanks to its massive
North Sea oil reserves , the country has achieved a level of wealth unimaginable only a generation ago - and which has allowed it to cold-shoulder the European Union since 1994 . These became known as copy
number variants , or CNVs . Sober-minded politician also accept this . Many political leaders have expressed support for strong action on climate change , but what most of them regard as “ strong action
” will not be enough to get us back below 350 ppm . The United States naturally does not export such arms to China . Instead , the US is trying to deter China s ’ rulers from launching a military attack
on the democrats in Taiwan . Later that year , diethylene glycol was mislabeled as non-toxic glycerin , then mixed into cold medicine , killing at least 100 people in Panama , including many children . China
recognizes that its currency needs to appreciate over the long run , and politicizing the speed at which it does so has been counterproductive . That law minimizes or eliminates the ability to purchase
influence in exchange for my contribution . If we need to address them , we can simply say , " Eh ! " We want to infect you with the dream that anyone can become part of a new movement with the potential
to change the world of education . This movement can redefine forever how knowledge is created and used . Getting low-cost drugs for acute heart attacks to developing countries would cost just $ 200 million
, and prevent 300,000 deaths . It is for this reason that I took up the offer from Save the Children to visit the Gaza Strip last week . The group ’ s other members – led by China and Kazakhstan want – to
strengthen their already robust levels of economic cooperation with the West . How exactly is a recession defined ? But most natural pesticides “ ” – as well as pathogen-laden animal excreta , for use as
fertilizer – are permitted . If that happens , it is likely that the Serbs of North Kosovo would declare their own independence . At a minimum , Serbia would campaign strongly against recognition . For the
French , achieving a European political union is a way to increase Europe s role ’ in the world and France s role ’ within Europe . Consider interest rates . Just last week , a Ukrainian freighter carrying
heavy weaponry , including tanks , was hijacked . Moreover , we are beginning to identify molecular mechanisms that regulate the entry of cancer cells into a dormant state , as well as their re-awakening
at later times . Unlike East Asia , the Middle East remains a region in turmoil , the complexity of which defies analytical consensus . The higher the rent people paid , the more money they got . New Yorkers
, wealthy or not , living in lower Manhattan on September 11 , 2001 , were able to receive an average of $ 5,300 per family . Bad loans account for only 2 % of Indian banks credit portfolios ’ , versus
20 % in China . The debacle of the Reinhart / Rogoff paper is widely regarded as another , fatal illustration of austerity s shaky intellectual foundations ’ . Judicial reforms are , in turn , helping to
root out corruption . Waiting until inflation is here , as some propose , is the usual way . The association of Europe – and of European social democracy – with Keynesian demand stimulus was more than a
little unfair , in that the greatest proponent of the Keynesian view was the Republican American President Richard Nixon . And , while the Leading Group on Innovative Financing for Development – which includes
63 governments , as well as international organizations and civil-society groups – has contributed to significant progress in the last decade , the definition of innovative development finance remains
in dispute . To its credit , the British egg industry accepted the situation , and developed new and less cruel methods of keeping hens . One of the Union 's fundamental principles is that there should be
freedom to move from one member country to another . But anti-immigration parties are gaining ground across western Europe ; they could make huge political capital out of potential Ukrainian membership
. But I think that much of economics has been discredited by the manifest failure of many economists to be as smart as McCulloch s parrots ’ were . Today ’ s children will not view their own life stories
from the perspective of the difficulties China has experienced . As this change unfolds , the enormous willingness to save , and to tolerate high-saving government policies , will fade . Specifically ,
the EU must develop a diplomatic strategy aimed at strengthening cooperation with all major energy producing , transit , and consumer countries , while creating within the Union a mutually beneficial ,
open , transparent , and stable energy sector based on reciprocity . After the burst of growth that arrived with hyperinflation 's end , growth slowed , partly because firms in the country couldn 't get
adequate finance . China can already see considerable problems in the medium term . In forty years , a demographic implosion within China , the consequence of its one-child policy , will make European and
Japanese concerns about aging populations look trivial . Crisis conditions can liberate a gifted leader from the accumulated constraints of vested interests and bureaucratic inertia that normally inhibit
action in the American system . Bill Clinton , caught up in the complacent 1990 s ’ , is said to have envied Franklin Roosevelt s crisis conditions ’ of the 1930 s ’ . Germany and France have proposed stricter
rules on borrowing and spending , backed by tough , semi-automatic sanctions for governments that do not comply . Three treaties emerged in 1992 out of the so-called Rio Conference on the Environment –
on climate change , biodiversity conservation , and desertification . Today , as China looks to the medium term , the government must face the problems created by its pervasive role in the economy . A new
World Bank report singles out lack of reform of state-owned enterprises as the most important impediment to the country s economic growth ’ . But , as everyone kicks the can down the road , the can is getting
heavier and , in the major emerging markets and advanced economies alike , is approaching a brick wall . Rapid withdrawal of such capital can have devastating effects , as we saw in 1997 when Asia 's super-performing
economies succumbed to financial crisis . Some anti-Japanese demonstrations – which featured rioting , looting , and the destruction of Japanese businesses – mutated into anti-government protests . Foreign
investors , who understand little about macroeconomics and long-term growth , were delighted with Argentina s new-found stability ’ . When forced to cut employment , they are more likely to think that they
are destroying lives rather than raising economic efficiency and increasing wealth . Such societies should have fewer public firms , and narrower or no ownership separation . The infighting among conservatives
and within the IRGC increased in the last few days before the election . Paracetamol use both in the first year of life and in children aged 6-7 was also associated with an increased risk of symptoms of
rhinitis and eczema . This suggests that the potential effect of paracetamol is not restricted to the airways and may affect a number of organ systems . A third problem with the conventional Keynesian interpretation
is that the balanced-budget approach during the Great Depression did actually work . It calmed markets , and Britain ’ s departure from the gold standard freed monetary policy from its previous constraints
, and allowed a monetary stabilization . But , with austerity under fire and EU countries looking to encourage spending , the Council should also consider the budget s shape ’ , ensuring that the MFF does
not impede future growth and investment . Noodles are beating spaghetti . Economically advanced countries in particular should meet their global responsibility and help Darfur move toward renewal and prosperity
. Europe could use it . The passivity of Syrian society is the result of a tacit agreement between people and government . And then they spend thousands or even millions of dollars trying to figure out what
these same customers really want . Under the Reform Treaty – the look-alike successor to the controversial European constitution that creates the post of EU president – the parliament s 785 members ’ will
also have their say . German leaders , by contrast , must reckon with a populace that is deeply resistant to rapid change , particularly when it involves job cuts . One priority is to reduce global payments
imbalances . The US must move to reduce its budget deficit in the medium-term . And only three trials all — conducted in Europe — used sham acupuncture as a control , whereas no acupuncture trials controlled
with placebos or sham acupuncture have been reported in China , owing to high cultural barriers . So , why is this time different ? There is no other example of a nation that returned after a 2,000-year
absence to a territory that it never stopped regarding as its homeland . The Kazakh government , which had been scrambling to support its overextended private banks with capital injections and nationalizations
, gave up and decided to pull the plug . The banks defaulted on their loans , and creditors took large haircuts “ ” ( reductions in principal value ) . Foreign investors and EU politicians may not see through
Medvedev s ’ benign disguise – or may choose not to . The global energy and climate crises can be overcome if the world invests together to develop new energy technologies . The UMNO s more radical turn
’ is being matched by the PAS s attempts ’ at moderation . These differences are , in turn , associated with long-standing differences in policy regimes . Whoever controls Iraqi oil controls Iraq . The Japanese
precedent matters all the more , given that , 16 years after the Asian financial crisis nearly wiped out decades of hard-earned growth , Asia s banks and capital markets ’ remain inefficient . Aside from
refusing to recognize the importance of global warming , encourage conservation , or devote enough funds to research to make a real difference , Bush ’ s grandiose promise of a reduction of dependence
on Middle East oil means less than it appears . Yet his proposals are meeting strong opposition from fiscally conservative Democrats as well as from Republicans , owing to their potential impact on future
fiscal deficits . Water ministries are typically staffed with engineers and generalist civil servants . By placing Ukraine s energy needs ’ in the hands of a shadowy company linked to international criminals
, the agreement has planted the seeds of new and perhaps more dangerous crises . This change may augur future adjustments in China s foreign policy ’ as well , for “ happiness ” is a word used more frequently
in Chinese traditional political thought than in Marxist political philosophy . In contrast to aid , greater access to the developed world s markets ’ creates incentives and fosters institutions in the
developing world that are self-sustaining , collectively policed , and more consequential for human welfare . By sending its troops to South Ossetia , Georgia no doubt was politically reckless , but it
did not breach any international rule , however nominal its sovereignty may be . The first report finds that , starting from the current low level of bank capitalization , a one-percentage-point increase
in capital ratios would permanently reduce the frequency of crises by one-third , while increasing interest rates by some 13 basis points ( banks would need to charge more because it costs them more to
raise capital than to issue debt ) . In contrast , humanitarians are meliorists . Ending the insurrection will also require better government , whatever the low expectations of business leaders . Gerhard
Schröder just scraped across the finish line with an overall majority in the German Bundestag , due to the help of his unloved coalition partner , the Greens , and a few " additional seats " that the electoral
system 's rules provide . Their rants should be rejected with argument , not with police and prisons . We should all be aware of those who seek to deepen these differences and turn them into insurmountable
gulfs instead of inspirations to a richer life . There are some international agreements , notably the Basel Accords on minimum capital requirements ; and there is also good cooperation among market regulators
. With EU support worth € 18 million , this operation will improve food security for around 860,000 rural households , or more than six million people . Here , Germany ’ s leaders , in particular , need
convincing . So what to do now ? Given entrenched gender segregation and paternal dominance , this finding appears to reveal a strong desire for greater individual choice in what has traditionally been a
family-driven decision . Fast program trading pulls the overall holding period average down . But perhaps we should all care at least a little , for what is happening in Belgium is unusual , but not at all
unique . Politicians on both sides of America s political divide ’ have generally felt that compromise would be viewed as a sign of weakness . Moreover , too many have made prior commitments – for example
, promising never to increase taxes – that they find hard to break , especially ahead of elections that both sides deem to be of defining significance for the country ’ s future , reflected in the candidates
campaigns ’ , which are getting nastier by the day . No country , or civilization , can entirely transcend its history : but each history offers many different possibilities . We praise competition , not
monopolies , in economic life . At times an old woman in traditional dress appeared to feed the animals . Visitors enjoying borscht and pirogi observed her efforts with satisfaction . The NPT regime stands
on three pillars : non-proliferation , nuclear disarmament , and peaceful uses of nuclear energy . There has been an enormous decrease in ( perceived ) wealth , in the trillions , with the decline in house
and stock prices . But the preventive measure is extremely costly , and it might have an effect opposite to our intention . Decent work also implies equality of opportunity and treatment as well as good
prospects for both personal development and social inclusion . This includes freedom for workers to express concerns , organize , and participate in decisions that affect their lives . But the ECB and the
Stability and Growth Pact being what they are , both German parties are what they are : a sculptor who has promised to carve a marble statue overnight but has lost his chisel . Moreover , by learning a
foreign language , one acquires a new understanding of one 's own . In June 1957 , moreover , Nasser s security forces ’ allegedly opened fire on Brotherhood members in their prison cells , killing 21 and
wounding hundreds . But , what if – and this is very likely – business cycles are not coordinated ? So when Chancellor Gerhard Schröder , early in his first term , signed the so-called Blair-Schröder paper
, which pledged agreement with British Prime Minister Tony Blair on liberalizing reforms , he made certain that it was published in London and played down in Berlin . Similarly , the European Union 's
Lisbon agenda of economic liberalization was never really taken seriously in Germany , France , or most other countries on the Continent . 19 In an episode recently reported by The New York Times , at one
of Putin s informal meetings ’ with Bush , Putin showed the US president his Labrador and said , “ Bigger , tougher , stronger , faster , meaner than Barney ” ( Bush s dog ’ ) . The question is : do the
new member states want a more politically integrated Europe ? 1. rapid population growth is finally slowing ( though not yet by enough ) . But history shows that political entrepreneurs and liberalizing
Catholic intellectuals were crucial to the creation of Christian Democracy . The question is whether his government , which has gone to great lengths to forge a consensus behind its reforms , will carry
through on additional measures , the need for which have been hidden by a favorable economy and wage moderation by unions . Is it any wonder that China is perceived as an increasingly credible model for
much of the developing world , while the US is now viewed as a symbol of hypocrisy and double standards ? I have lived in Europe all my life , mostly in Belgium , but never in Ireland , and I have never
voted , despite the fact that the Maastricht treaty entitles me to vote both in European elections and in Belgium s local elections ’ . I suppose that I belong to an expat generation that has not been
educated to consider voting an essential right , if not a duty , and I regret that . I repeat : if a nation 's identity is jeopardized , it is placed in that position primarily from within ; it is placed
in jeopardy by choice – often the choices expressed at the ballot box – and out of negligence or indolence . Here , another historical parallel is helpful . Evasion of excise taxes is more contagious than
evasion of taxes on profits and incomes . If , as is likely , economic growth in the US remains anemic in spite of QE3 , top-line revenues and bottom-line earnings will turn south , with negative effects
on equity valuations . Clearly , more work is needed to improve the quality of the numbers . For example , in financially distressed Spain , unemployment now exceeds 20 % . The hardest part still lies ahead
: the miniaturization needed to fit a nuclear device into a warhead . Above all , the G-20 s decision ’ to prop up systemically relevant banks must be revisited . And governments must respond to the banks
threats ’ by declaring their willingness to let insolvent banks be judged accordingly . While sanctions may deepen Iran s predicament ’ , they are unlikely to break the diplomatic impasse on nuclear weapons
. Then there ’ s the policy of using them as logistical hubs in the Afghanistan war . No state may exercise its sovereignty without restriction ; not every ethnic group has a right to its own national state
. The Court 's objective must be discuss the claims made by both parties and seek a just and peaceful resolution . For the moment , global investors cannot get enough of US treasury bills , as collapsing
interest rates for short-term US securities demonstrates . But a lot of this demand is driven by short-term , crisis-fueled fear . ( Indeed , it has already had more than 11 years to adjust to liberalization
of textiles . ) But the real problem is far worse because the 3 % exclusion raises the specter of an odious policy of divide and conquer , as developing countries are invited to vie with each other to
make sure that America does not excludetheir vital products under the 3 % . China is an authoritarian capitalist country , open for business with other capitalist countries ( including deep economic relations
with Japan ) . Notwithstanding some recent modest improvements in the US labor market , America ’ s job situation remains terrible . Private-sector employment is still down 4.1 million from its January
2008 peak . Both Henry Kissinger and Robert McNamara left office admitting that de Gaulle had been correct . The negative perception that most people ( especially in Europe ) have of CDS has certainly played
a role here . Either she will succeed with it , or it will become a monumental disgrace for Germany and a disaster for the German economy . The decisive questions now are whether she musters the courage
to concentrate all the necessary responsibilities for this mega-project in the energy ministry , and whom she entrusts with overseeing this Herculean task . Even if they do , they will need assistance ,
not only to extract their resources , but also to improve the health and education of all Bolivians – to ensure long-term economic growth and social welfare . Or is it not a question of numbers ? Genocide
, after all , is a matter of intent , of killing or persecuting people on the grounds of their race , ethnicity , or creed . Thanks partly to the availability of computer programs and online matches , there
has been a mini-boom in chess interest among young people in many countries . In all , it is estimated that more than 70 million people died in the New China Mao “ ” and the present Communist Party leaders
so proudly proclaim as their accomplishment . Others will not protect Turkey ; some may even promote strife within its borders ( historical examples of such tactics abound ) . Without functioning democratic
institutions , Russia s second attempt ’ at selective modernization will fail just as certainly as its previous , Soviet incarnation did . As a volunteer for the network , I was in touch with Chen and followed
events closely . An African safari trip once confronted America ’ s new president with a question he could not answer : why the rich world prized elephants over African children . Today ’ s version of that
question is : why will richer nations spend obscene amounts of money on climate change , achieving next to nothing in 100 years , when we could do so much good for mankind today for much less money ? That
award comes at a crucial moment in Chinese politics , as it may well become a stepping stone on China s long march ’ toward greater freedom . The judiciary rejected calls for a full recount , though they
did examine roughly 9 % of the ballots before ruling that the review indicated no challenge to the election s outcome ’ . There is no way to know which it will be . Caveat emptor . One of their priorities
is to attack the central bank and slander its governor , Leszek Balcerowicz , the iconic father of Poland s economic transformation ’ , with accusations that echo those of the Stalinist era . Not all of
them were innocent . With Cataphora s new software tool ’ called Digital Mirror , you can see the top asymmetries in your own relationships : whom you respond to before others versus whom you postpone ,
reschedule , or otherwise delay – and who does the same to you . Greater female representation may not necessarily lead to more emphasis on “ female policy priorities ” , but in India , village councils
with gender quotas for village chiefs have higher levels of safe drinking water , better immunization coverage and roads , and less bribery . This recession was caused by a mispricing of risk , leading
to excessive leverage and high prices for a wide range of assets . Thus , German corporations will have to contribute to fiscal consolidation through reductions in subsidies and additional taxes on major
energy companies , airlines , and financial institutions . Scandalously , they still have to surrender 50 % of their foreign-exchange reserves to the French Treasury as a guarantee of the CFA franc s limited
convertibility ’ and free transfer to France . We could not afford to raise salaries or provide subsidies for everybody . The challenge for twenty-first century statecraft will be to devise joint solutions
to common problems . It may well turn out that $ 4 worth of aid are a poor substitute for even $ 1 worth of exports , because there are few better schools in which to internalize the organizational forms
and technologies built since the start of the Industrial Revolution than the school of exporting . Are a couple of data points and a biblical parable enough to take the hypothesis of a 15-year cycle seriously
? Currently , there is too much “ I know ” and “ This is what I firmly believe , ” frequently from influential people , in cases where there is no incontestable right or wrong . Fukushima is one of them
. Quality used to be included in the price of a ticket ; now , with surcharges for seat selection , meals , and the like , customers are charged for it separately . They foresee a short war , the rapid collapse
of the Baathist regime , and a new beginning for Iraq 's people . When liquidity dries up , trading becomes impossible without a very sharp discount . The fear is that neither Japan ’ s subsequent actions
nor the affected countries domestic realities ’ will justify the risk of lost market share , especially at a time when the global economy as a whole and global policy coordination – – is struggling . Generals
, it is said , always prepare to fight the last war – an old jibe , but one that contains an element of truth . Indeed , flexibility does not come naturally to armed forces , with the result that the two
decades since the end of the Cold War have seen only slow adaptation to the military s ’ evolving roles . Sumo , as a traditional spectacle , cannot survive without respectable patrons . The world must demand
of Venezuela s authorities ’ that they release Álvarez Paz immediately . So , the New Economy did not abolish poverty amidst plenty , though there are now relatively fewer people in destitution in America
( i.e. less than $ 17,000 for a family of 4 ) . According to one recent poll , 47 % of households have a gun at home . State-owned commercial banks account for half the financial system ; all large companies
are State monopolies , bureaucratically staffed and poorly managed . More broadly , since 1946 , supplies of copper , aluminum , iron , and zinc have outstripped consumption , owing to the discovery of
additional reserves and new technologies to extract them economically . Under what circumstances , for example , is it right to curtail press freedom in order to protect the right to privacy , or vice versa
? The next most important strategy that the panel identified – better fiscal rules – may not seem sexy , but it is attractive because it effectively costs nothing . Given these staggering sums , the US could
face a double-dip , W-shaped recession . The main question is whether the tax rebate that US households will receive in mid-2008 will be consumed – thus leading to positive third-quarter growth – or saved
. Modern science should focus on sustainable increases in land and water productivity , management of production risks caused by droughts , floods , pests , and on mitigation and adaption to climate change
. To remain price competitive , they have had to rely on imported components . The manufacture of electrical products , such as chips and passive devices , has quite often been shifted completely to Asia
, while even automobiles that are still assembled in Germany rely heavily on components produced in Eastern Europe . The international system s failure ’ to address effectively the nuclear issue in the
Middle East stems mostly from the Russia-US divide , to which wrongheaded American strategy has contributed mightily . According to An agenda for a growing Europe , a report published by Oxford University
Press in 2004 for the European Commission , 250,000 to 450,000 workers will go West during the first one to two years , followed by around 100,000 to 200,000 annually thereafter . The 1949 communist takeover
in China , the Cold War , America 's adoption of Japan as its pampered protégé , and the failure to prosecute Emperor Hirohito for war crimes , allowed Japan to avoid a moral reckoning . Now , as China
rises and Japan declines , the old , deep-seated suspicions , tensions , and distrust are resurfacing . Woe to any poor country that follows US dictates . According to Tufano , the fundamental problem in
encouraging low-income people to save is that they need the money not just to manage their lives years in the future , when they retire , but also to deal with short-term crises . Melanoma will cause 8,000
deaths , and non-melanoma skin cancer will kill another 2,000 . So , how much room is left in the relationship between debt and economic performance for a country with low interest rates , low inflation
, buoyant stock prices , and healthy prior growth ? Strengthening Russian democracy is in the interest of Ukraine , Poland , and all of Europe . A democratic Ukraine , closely cooperating with Poland within
the framework of the European community , will open new possibilities for developing and strengthening partnership with Russia . Approximately 150 million people in South-eastern Europe – the Western Balkans
, Ukraine , and Turkey aim – at becoming EU citizens . But then , in 1999 , Dorje staged a stunning escape to India via Nepal , attracting the world s attention ’ , but also deep suspicion because of the
apparent ease with which he and his entourage managed to flee . The Dalai Lama has hosted him at the Gyuto monastery in Dharamsala , India , ever since . Britain has been able to use its shipyards and its
engineering skill base to capitalize on the opportunity of offshore wind . The way to achieve this is to decouple the question of who pays for most efforts to mitigate climate change from the question of
where , geographically , these efforts take place . MELBOURNE – One spring evening in 1997 , when I was a mental-health researcher at the Australian National University in Canberra , I was discussing with
my wife , Betty Kitchener , a registered nurse who taught first-aid courses for the Red Cross in her spare time , the inadequacy of conventional first-aid training . They evicted the Federal Electoral Institute
( IFE ) directors , who organized last year s presidential vote ’ ; strengthened the ban on independent candidates ; made it practically impossible to create new parties ; and established a series of arbitrary
, quasi-Stalinist restrictions on the content of campaign advertising , speeches , and exchanges among candidates . There are many reasons for the underpricing of risk and the rise in leverage . The exceptionally
easy monetary policy at the start of the decade contributed to financial investors willingness ’ to buy low-quality financial assets in order to get higher yield and to an explosive rise in house prices
. If consumers insist on buying only ethical diamonds , traders might be able to push the demand back to their sources . Many definitions face this problem . And maybe officials are right to be afraid , given
the massive size of the banks in question relative to the economy . The hope was that isolation and sanctions would topple Kim Jong Il s dictatorship ’ . In fact , Al Jazeera was founded only after the BBC
closed its Arabic language station under Saudi pressure . But not anymore . Nor did Hayden suggest any national-security concern that might justify spying on the EU ( there is none ) . Oil is reasonably easy
to trade globally in maritime tankers , whereas in most gas markets the fixed pipeline between gas field and gas burner locks producers and consumers in an exclusive embrace . One task facing Europe now
is to make that Russian bear hug less exclusive , which will require a coordinated and sustained effort between the EU s member states ’ and their neighbors on the question of external energy security
. The EU s legitimacy problem ’ has two different aspects : apathy , leading to a low turnout in the European parliamentary elections , and outright euro-skepticism . The voter-turnout problem partly reflects
frustration about the present state of the EU , and also people ’ s impression that they can exert little influence by voting one way or the other . This will have a positive wealth effect and increase
private consumption . But why on earth should consumers believe that cutting a deficit , and raising taxes now , will lead to tax cuts later ? NEW YORK – After a hard-fought election campaign , costing
well in excess of $ 2 billion , it seems to many observers that not much has changed in American politics : Barack Obama is still President , the Republicans still control the House of Representatives
, and the Democrats still have a majority in the Senate . With America facing a fiscal cliff automatic tax increases “ ” – and spending cuts at the start of 2013 that will most likely drive the economy
into recession unless bipartisan agreement on an alternative fiscal path is reached – could there be anything worse than continued political gridlock ? Capitalism s defenders ’ sometimes argue that the
spirit of acquisitiveness is so deeply ingrained in human nature that nothing can dislodge it . Is there a macroeconomic policy that could boost the still shaky optimism of consumers ? Instead , let us make
the case purely on bread-and-butter economics . Research suggests that if central banks focus on inflation , they do a better job at controlling inflation . It is as if Russia is a rogue subsidiary of America
's monetary system . The most worrisome sign , though , is America ’ s rising public debt – now at 95 % of GDP and , even according to the official General Accounting Office s conservative estimate ’ ,
set to soar to $ 18.4 trillion by 2018 . The addition of even one new diagnostic code has serious practical consequences . Or Sarah Omega , just 20 , who spent 18 hours in labor at a hospital in Kenya .
Her baby died , but she survived , despite terrible injuries , determined to speak out so that others would not have to endure the same ordeal . I have certainly taken inspiration from her fidelity to her
principles and absolute determination to fight , and fight again , when the cause is just . “ Surplus Chinese savings ” made possible America s credit expansion ’ between 2003-2005 , when the federal funds
rate ( the overnight rate at which US banks lend to one another ) was held at 1 % . A couple of reforms were belatedly enacted : timid intervention on pensions and a further increase in labor-market flexibility
. But nothing was done to deregulate product markets or to give proper incentives to restructuring , while privatization came to a halt . Instead , his claim to fame was his role as architect of America
s ’ failed war in Iraq . By all accounts , Wolfowitz is brilliant , but it seems inconceivable that an open , transparent , and multilateral selection process would have chosen him to head the World Bank
. While some of the criticism might have merit , what gives politicians the moral authority to criticize ? After all , as the EFSF shows , their orientation can be more short term and irrational than the
market s ’ , repeating the same mistakes because they seem not to have learned from them . Thus , it is difficult to overestimate the importance of regional issues – particularly inter-regional disparities
– for China s politics ’ . They devised the one country “ , two systems formula ” for Hong Kong . America ’ s support for democracy in the region heightens its dilemma . But the book contained other , non-market
, examples as well . The outcome , however , was often not good for the IMF , the World Bank , or the world . Instead , the European Union needs a new direction . Not all of the sources of soft power were
American witness – the role of the BBC and the Beatles . But it would be a mistake to ignore the role that popular culture played . It is so much easier and often less costly – – to avoid individuals tragic
circumstances ’ than it is to adjust your policies to their needs . Last year , an additional 45 GW of wind and 32 GW of solar were installed worldwide , compared to a net addition of 1.2 GW of nuclear
. Mass introduction of such stoves could deliver multiple green-economy benefits . Churchill certainly saw it that way , but so did Tony Blair , who presented President George W. Bush with the second Churchill
bust . But there is another problem with the US taking a leading role in political revolts in the Middle East . The EU is keen to link into India s boom ’ . If only one change in the prevailing mindset could
be made , it should be to realize that , in the case of fish like cod , big is beautiful . To reconstruct our approach to fisheries management with measures that increase the survival of large , old individuals
would be good for the health of our stocks in the short term and would be appreciated by our descendants . The West is right to insist on norms of decent government , but it risks losing its capacity to
influence events in Africa when it automatically links aid to elections . In the avalanche of commentary on this month ’ s US-Russia deal on Syria s chemical weapons ’ , few have been prepared to call it
a win-win-win outcome “ ” for the United States , Russia , and the Syrian people . As a consequence of the horrors of the 1930 s ’ , there remains substantial suspicion of concepts like “ Greater East Asia
. ” Now , Dr. Gro Bruntland , the head of the World Health Organization , has taken up the challenge . The Ayatollah Contemplates Compromise Switzerland and Australia surprisingly reached the elimination
round , and the Asian and African teams disappointed somewhat , with only Ghana advancing . There have been just two ugly matches so far , full of fouls , nasty attacks , and unnecessary aggression , as
well as numerous yellow and red cards : Italy vs. the US , and Portugal vs. the Netherlands . On the contrary , they typically get significantly lower returns than Americans get on their investments abroad
. In an era in which stock and housing prices are soaring , the central banks of Japan and China are holding almost two trillion dollars worth of low-interest bonds . Ultimately , though , without US-China
cooperation , a global climate agreement will be held hostage . And they blame the elites . From September 10-14 , trade ministers from around the world will meet for the next stage of what is supposed to
be the Development Round of trade talks . The analytical case for this belief is strong , but the empirical evidence is weak . The situation is only slightly better in science . So Clinton has set the stage
for exploring a possible joint venture with China on meeting the challenge of climate change . The market declined by 97 % . An emphasis on investment protection could establish de facto international standards
that ensure legal security for investors while providing sufficient scope for governments legitimate regulatory interests ’ . The talks would have an even greater impact if the parties agreed on a unified
approach to dealing with states that fail to meet their obligations . One would expect that the shock from the financial crisis should be comparable for the United States and the eurozone , given that they
are of similar size , exhibit a similar degree of internal diversity , and experienced a similar increase in house prices ( on average ) in the years preceding the bust . Moreover , the relative increase
in debt ( leverage ) in the financial system was similar on both sides of the Atlantic . Agreement is uncertain . Moreover , it is relatively easy to postpone lowering oil consumption . Europe has slipped
back into recession without ever really recovering from the financial / sovereign-debt crisis that began in 2008 . Given these tensions , it is no surprise that the issue of disputed sovereignty in the
South China Sea is almost certain to claim center stage at this month ’ s ASEAN Regional Forum , and at the East Asia summit in Bali that will follow it . In other words , Europeans are beginning to understand
that they have lived well beyond their means materially , and well below their means intellectually , spiritually , and ethically – a process that might be described as the beginning of Europe ’ s “ Montization
, ” to pay tribute to Italian Prime Minister Mario Monti s embodiment ’ of responsibility and courage . Political competition makes it necessary for all politicians , whatever their age , to stay on their
toes , anticipate new problems , and remain open to new ideas aimed at addressing them . We can only hope that the consequences of Obama s foreign-policy sacrifice ’ are not too high a price to pay for
the establishment of his domestic legacy . It is also why a free press that reports these problems , congressional hearings that investigate them , and a recent set of Supreme Court decisions that give
detainees legal recourse are also so important . Fable of the Bees developed a wide following , and generated substantial controversy , which continues to this day . The austerity plans being adopted by
governments in much of Europe and elsewhere around the world , and the curtailment of consumption expenditure by individuals as well , threaten to produce a global recession . But Abenomics has a strategic
corollary as well . Until the world financial crisis revived skepticism about the benefits of unrestrained capitalism , this would have been difficult . Now it is easy to give speeches about the need to
control markets , the need to create demand , the merits of using the State to achieve better economic outcomes . “ Do as we do , ” these countries leaders ’ often say , “ and you will prosper , too . ” Since
eurozone countries trade extensively with each other and the rest of the world , their slowdowns have contributed significantly to a decrease in global trade , in turn undermining global growth . It is
possible that at some point the Arabs will agree among themselves that the creation of a Palestinian state that claims to be committed to peaceful coexistence with Israel will be a useful tactic . In fact
, estimates by the International Energy Agency suggest that the most significant recoverable reserves of shale gas are in the US and China , not Europe . Moreover , even these estimates are really not
much more than educated guesses , because only in the US have shale formations been subject to intense exploration over a period of decades . A recent poll showed that what Russia most wants is a new Brezhnev
, whose 20 years ( 1964-1982 ) of leadership first were disdained as an " era of stagnation , " but are now nostalgically recalled as the " golden era of stagnation . " Although its future directions are
uncertain , this 26-member forum trumps Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation , the Association of Southeast Asian Nations ( ASEAN ) , and ASEAN Plus Three , which includes China , Japan , and South Korea
. The right-of-center Party of National Action ( PAN ) , the grouping of current President Vicente Fox and Calderón , needs to acquire a sincere and profound social conscience . It must transform itself
into something like the Social Christian or Christian Democratic parties that exist in Costa Rica , Chile , Venezuela , and Peru . It seems hardly worth noting that dictatorship and war are harmful to health
. The majority of Arabs may not support al-Qaeda , but they do not oppose it with all their heart . Instead , there is the temptation to regard Osama bin Laden as a type of violent Robin Hood , whose actions
, while impossible to condone officially , have helped them to recover a sense of Arab pride and dignity . One of the more obvious manifes ­ tations of treating the human body as a resource to be mined
is the hospital waiting list , used in many countries . A man I interviewed recently for a study of Swedes who had been on the waiting list , but who decided to purchase kidneys abroad , described to me
his trip to Pakistan for the transplant : “ I ’ m not the kind of man who uses other people , but I had to . The US is not in a position to pacify Baghdad or to protect the UN or others that work alongside
an occupying army , even those working in humanitarian activities . To the south sits Saudi Arabia , with its long friendship with the United States and its inherent hostility toward Iran 's Islamic Republic
. And to the north is Turkey , a pro-European , largely secular and democratic country that seeks to wield influence across the Arab world . No group wants their solution to come last , and no government
wants its country s national challenges ’ to be overlooked . In India s Parliament ’ , many members feel that the best way to show the strength of their feelings is to disrupt the lawmaking rather than
debate the law . Moreover , these migrants are no longer exclusively of rural origin , nor do they travel only to traditional areas in the US ; they are , literally , everywhere . Bashar Assad remains essentially
loyal to his father s legacy ’ . Sometimes it might even pose high costs for the alleged beneficiaries . Although China clearly instigated the bloody border clashes , America sided with Mao s regime ’ . Fiscal
austerity and balanced budgets should be priorities in the longer term , but they are inappropriate now . They despise those who lack serious money and can be seduced by breadcrumbs . Was his claim that
revenues had grown for the last five years true merely because of acquisitions that his company had made ? The reason behind that uninspiring consensus is simple : people - economists and investors alike
- have become so pessimistic about Russia that they no longer can see positive facts . While far from perfect , the first round in the fight went to the US . Drafted by a group of experts in 1957 , under
the auspices of the country ’ s former British rulers , the constitution includes two seemingly contradictory clauses . On the one hand , Article 3 states that Islam is the religion of the federation ,
and that only Islam can be preached to Muslims . Mail and acquisitions such as Upcoming ( events ) , Flickr ( photos and video ) . Japan has a strong international reputation when it comes to managing natural
disasters . Reconciling morals with how a society is organized - in other words , reconciling ethics with politics - is one of humanity 's oldest ambitions . The ongoing and escalating disappearance of that
diversity will harm society in myriad ways . As a result , most genes are related to other genes . Speaking directly to citizens – seeing a country s people ’ , as well as its government – is not just a
rhetorical device . Back to Afghanistan Portugal s decision ’ in 2001 to decriminalize possession of illegal drugs led not only to more drug users in treatment ( rather than in prison ) , but also a significant
decrease in the number of drug users newly infected with HIV . The Taliban , for example , have consistently used an anti-women policy to appeal to tribal and rural people . European Commission President
José Manuel Barroso believes that protectionist pressures are increasing . Indeed , there is a legitimate question whether the behavior of today ’ s capitalists promotes the general acceptance of capitalism
. But individual wealth becomes a problem only if and when it can be used to restrict others chances ’ of participation . KAMPALA – On a balmy afternoon , I met Dr. Gilbert Bukenya at his home on the shores
of Lake Victoria , where we talked about the future of farming in Uganda . Many blame the country s failure ’ to qualify for this summer ’ s European championship on the preponderance of foreign players
in English club teams . Disunity made the Arab defeat almost inevitable . The Social Democratic movement that shaped the modern European welfare state also originated in Germany . On the contrary , public
opinion polls show that citizens remain highly patriotic and optimistic about their personal lives . The legacy assets that one finds in advanced countries – the way cities are configured , for example
don t have – ’ to be replaced to the same extent . It may help , though , in two ways . Sputnik s launch ’ made the front page of Pravda , but just barely . While many analysts in a wide variety of nations
, especially in Europe , have concluded that such an event could not occur there in the foreseeable future , India is an exception . Minority politicians have long wielded authority , if not power , in
its various high offices . It became increasingly faddish in the 1990 s ’ , but mostly as a term of abuse . This recovery has been much weaker than previous ones because of fundamental differences in the
cause of the downturn and in the policies chosen to achieve recovery . Despite its seeming plausibility , this view is wrong . Working longer for the same pay is a useful way of making Europe more competitive
, and , when compared to reducing wages , it imposes a much lighter burden on workers and employees . Factors affecting the transmission mechanism in the candidate countries--legal frameworks , the degree
of financial depth , the maturity of debts , and the availability of non-bank financing--differ markedly from those in the current EMU members . But if growth were higher and unemployment were falling ,
such scandals would not be treated as such a drama . Save for the recent hit film 3 Idiots , Bollywood doesn ’ t send groups of Indian guys off on merry , irresponsible adventures . If this structure works
as advertised , Congress will be forced to reach a compromise , which can be sold once again by politicians to their polarized constituencies as being necessary to avoid a worse outcome . This time , Obama
s Democrats ’ will be on a level playing field , because both parties will be held equally responsible for a failure to reach a deal . The Americans do not want the job and are happy that someone else does
. Indeed , President Nicolas Sarkozy s willingness ’ to intervene ( alongside British Prime Minister David Cameron ) helped close a dangerous gap between the world of “ values , ” which would call for
direct American intervention against Muammar el-Qaddafi , and the world of “ interest , ” which impelled President Barack Obama to restraint . There is no doubt that Japan ’ s massive 1992 financial crisis
was a hammer blow , from which it has yet to recover , and the parallels with the US and Europe today are worrisome . If elected , she would be South Korea s first woman president ’ , and , for her rivals
, her dominant position in the race is an uncomfortable but unassailable fact . Where in the world can you find a more isolated , regimented and militarized dynastic mutation of a communist totalitarian
system than in North Korea ? Where on earth can you see a nuclear-armed , missile-shooting panhandler such as Kim Jong-il ? Shetty s team ’ has successfully participated in telemedicine consultations multi-specialty
– , non-stop availability , and supplemented by continuing education – with hospitals in 14 African countries . This effort is part of then Indian President A. P. J. Abdul Kalam s ambitious pan-African
e-Network project ’ to link all 53 African capitals to tertiary care facilities across India . Finally , the US could do more to curtail money laundering . One simple step would be to restrict the circulation
of $ 100 bills , which are mostly used in the underground economy . Putin now favors protectionism , state intervention , and subsidies . In a recent speech to the French defense industry , Sarkozy conspicuously
failed to repeat the pledge , instead warning that he soon might cut France s defense budget ’ . If so , new , the new antidepressants would have to target what appear to be progressive neurodegenerative
changes in the brain , which we infer are taking place because recurrence of depression is so high under currently available treatments . Lithium , a mood stabilizer and neuroprotective agent , has the
properties we are seeking , although its toxicity makes it less than ideal . Chinarejects India s argument ’ that per-capita emission levels and historic contributions of greenhouse gases should form the
objective criteria for carbon mitigation . The horrible murder of Giovanna Reggiani that took place near a Romanian refugee camp in the suburb of Tor di Quinto in Rome shocked both Italy and Romania . But
we also need to extend our branches more widely . When it didn ’ t , either the official representatives left in protest at our presence , or we left hurriedly , or we all pretended not to notice each other
, or – albeit on rare occasions – we started to converse with each other , which frequently were the only moments of dialogue between the regime and the opposition ( not counting our courthouse encounters
) . But international terrorism kills about 400 people in total each year . The problem is not with the constitution , but with the conventional wisdom – almost an idée fixe – that Iraq is a viable modern
nation-state , and that all it needs to make it work properly is the right political institutions . But this is a fallacy , and responsible leaders should begin to think of alternatives . “ When the credit
of a country is in any degree questionable , ” he argued , “ it never fails to give an extravagant premium upon all the loans it has occasion to make . ” Is Europe stuck ? The current team of leaders has
been an enormous disappointment . But the historic five-day trial dispelled any notion that Bo would go quietly to his cell in Beijing ’ s infamous Qincheng Prison , where China ’ s fallen top leaders are
incarcerated . He challenged the prosecution vigorously , defending himself with a feistiness that surprised nearly all who read the transcripts released by the court in real time on the trial ’ s first
day . NEW YORK Google – has been widely celebrated for its loud refusal to continue censoring its search results in China . It is still unclear whether Google will continue to operate in China , but in
any event we are not about to see much change in China s Internet policy ’ . But look closely at some of these " technocratic " proposals : many are more often based on ideology than economic science .
Technocrats can of course reliably make an electricity plant work better . As a result , only a small minority of the global population has full , legally guaranteed access to existing social-protection
schemes – leaving roughly 5.6 billion people worldwide vulnerable to various degrees . Instead , reform should start with the most binding constraint to performance ( which one that is depends on the whole
set of hindrances that confront the economy ) . A third of humanity saw the Soviet Union as leading the world toward global socialism . We live under the most liberal trade regime in history not because
the WTO enforces it , but because important countries rich and poor – alike – find greater openness to be in their best interest . Awful as they are , societies survive them . Not only does each mistrust
the other , but each tries to deceive each other as much as they can . I was luckier than many . Rattling is all it did . There is widespread disapproval of Putin s autocratic style ’ and of his government
s human rights record ’ . Extending an olive branch to Russia will have little or no voter appeal in most EU countries , and Putin s efforts ’ to retain power de facto if not de jure after Medvedev wins
his likely victory next March are certain to make matters worse . But this is unlikely , at least in the near future , given President Bush 's ambitious fiscal plans and the continuing war in Iraq . US
private savings are also slightly negative , and an increase might lead to a slowdown in the short run . The Chernobyl disaster , more than anything else , opened the possibility of much greater freedom
of expression , to the point that the system as we knew it could no longer continue . It made absolutely clear how important it was to continue the policy of glasnost , and I must say that I started to
think about time in terms of pre-Chernobyl and post-Chernobyl . Success may still prove elusive , but a new game with a greater possibility for success will have begun . The fact is that we need fewer efficient-markets
theorists and more people who work on microstructure , limits to arbitrage , and cognitive biases . The global economy is now on a recovery path , albeit uneven , and financial conditions have improved
substantially . But , thanks to prudent management of public finances during previous periods of robust growth , a significant number of African countries have endured the current crisis in better fiscal
shape than during past crises . Is President Barack Obama s administration stumbling ’ toward the abyss ? There is every indication that they fear the reformers far more . What about the transfer of power
to a new generation ? I refuse to accept the view that Ukraine is so tragically bound to the starless midnight of communism s legacy ’ that we can never see the bright daybreak of peace and true European
unity . Countries in Asia – indeed , countries throughout the developing world – are simply not exporting their abundant and economically important genetic resources . The Ukrainian Government is broke ,
and will most likely have to default , or to reschedule its foreign debts , or to borrow new funds to repay the old , in 2000 . Politics is thus constraining efforts to strengthen public finances . The Bank
of England hoped that by printing £ 375 billion of new money , ( $ 600 billion ) , it would stimulate total spending to the tune of £ 50 billion , or 3 % of GDP . Addressing the glaring shortcomings in
the country 's judicial system should also be made a condition for support , both as an immediate and a long-term objective . The genocide could not therefore be imputed to Serbia , even if the Serbian
government was paying salaries to Mladic and his colleagues , as well as providing them with financial and military assistance . Consider a career criminal who robs and kills a victim who led a decent life
and left several children and a spouse behind . Central Asia ’ s Waking Giant Understanding Global Competitiveness It might have once , but the amount now pales in significance next to the $ 12 billion in
economic assistance recently rushed to the generals by Saudi Arabia , Kuwait , and the United Arab Emirates . China ’ s booming economy has brought growing interaction between China and the Mekong s underground
economies ’ . But it is no exaggeration to state that whenever Britain has perceived an opportunity to wage a war of attrition against the European supranational project , it has done so , opposing any
substantial increase in the EU s competences or resources ’ . The Vienna Document , which is the key to understanding these OSCE efforts , obliges annual exchanges of information on existing military forces
, the structure of armed forces , and major weapons and defense systems . It also requires annual information exchanges on defense planning and budgets . They create a layer of protection from competition
for those who are better connected , politically or economically , or have the sheer heft to get around the restrictions . This puts medium-sized firms – the main engines of job creation – at a big disadvantage
. These countries need to allow greater exchange-rate flexibility and currency appreciation to reduce their external surpluses – and thus the need to accumulate huge foreign reserves in the first place
. The concept of the responsibility “ to protect ” was adopted unanimously by the UN World Summit in 2005 . It gets worse . But Bernanke was a Fed governor in the Greenspan years , and he , too , failed to
diagnose correctly the growing problems with its policies . But the issue is actually simple : Who will bear the brunt of measures to reduce the budget deficit ? Hindus , Christians , or Buddhists lack such
a cause , which is why political terrorism is largely confined to Muslims . These two factors low mortgage rates – , and the fact that the country has filled up so much that our cars no longer marginalize
location costs – go a long way toward explaining the surge in housing prices over the past decade or so . In Moldova , a real transition to democracy has been underway for some time . And the old jibe that
Japan cannot resist building bridges to nowhere if the government is paying rings less true nowadays . It would be tempting to use a formula coined during the Cold War to describe the comparative evolution
of the United States and the Soviet Union and to apply the notion of “ competitive decline ” to the relationship between the US and Europe . No one in our delegation was sure what to expect , given the
uneasy relations between our two countries at the time . If the attacks widen beyond the three southernmost provinces of Yala , Pattani , and Narathiwat , Thaksin s regional leadership ’ chances will be
dimmed . Agreements with , and access to , the International Monetary Fund and Europe ’ s new bailout fund provide ( soft ) constraints . The Basel Convention , now 20 years old , has struggled to keep up
with new technologies , unpredictable loopholes , and clandestine economic transactions involving hazardous waste . When Vladimir Putin complained during a conference in Munich last year that US unilateralism
stoked conflict around the world , an offended Senator John McCain responded that confrontation was unnecessary in “ today s multipolar world ’ . ” It is no less significant for Hollande and France . A breakdown
of the euro would precipitate a banking crisis that would be beyond the global financial authorities ability ’ to control . Nor has it entirely given up on Turkey s European dream ’ . According to the 2011
census , the sex ratio of the country ’ s children has dipped from 927 females per 1000 males to 914 , a 60-year low . There is nothing really new about a commitment to hunger eradication . Indeed , the
FAO was created in 1945 to bring about a world in which there would be “ freedom from want , ” which , in the words of its founders , “ means the conquest of hunger and the attainment of the ordinary needs
of a decent , self-respecting life . ” “ Indeed , time to initiate World War III , ” enthuses Putin . But , as usual , pride precedes a fall . The issue is coming to a head in ongoing World Trade Organization
negotiations . No one in his right mind can assume that something never achieved before , namely destroying a small number of warheads in flight , will happen over night . In the extensive annals of eavesdropping
, all of this is something new . Not even Stalin wiretapped the dead . The uplifting pro-disarmament rhetoric of US President Barack Obama remains just that . A G8 commitment to the global carbon market
will foster long-term financing beyond 2012 . Such carbon finance can also tackle deforestation , which represents about 20 % of the global CO2 emissions causing climate change . The Bush administration
, in thrall to the idea of regime change , ignored this initiative and rejected the Big Deal “ ” on nuclear energy negotiated with the EU-3 in Paris in November 2004 by Rouhani , who was then Khamenei
s representative and Chairman ’ of Iran s National Security Council ’ . For example , Professor Jeremy Bulow of Stanford University and I have shown that by endowing the World Bank with $ 100 billion dollars
, it could carry out the tasks that it performs best more effectively and with greater transparency than it does today through borrowing and lending . Given today ’ s exceptionally low long-term interest
rates , the annual cost would be , well , peanuts . Elsewhere , political parties are weak or are tools of the regime . In September 2005 , it appeared momentarily that the talks had produced a rough agreement
that North Korea would forgo its nuclear program in return for security guarantees and removal of sanctions . But , despite these projects ’ reported billion-dollar price tags and high expectations , the
investments have catalyzed little progress , owing partly to security issues . The Perils of Striking Iran They want Obama to handle things more . Such studies show that simple signals of tissue injury generate
many simultaneous brain processes . These processes combine to produce the private and unpleasant bodily awareness that we call pain . Muslim-majority Indonesia lost its Catholic-majority East Timor through
Western political intervention , but its claims to East Timor were tenuous , as it only invaded the island a few decades ago . We must fight Islamic extremism , but not by tapping into the darkest gut feelings
of the unthinking mob . America ’ s intellectual-property regime – and the regime that the US has helped to foist upon the rest of the world through the TRIPS agreement – is unbalanced . Our global future
depends on bringing these individual talents and universal rights together in common cause . A second reason to believe in Europe is that with statesmanship comes progress in governance . But it will deprive
them of the masses of sympathetic Muslims who view the fanatics as the only people seeking to defend “ Islamic values ” and oppressed Muslim peoples . You heard me right . This principle is enshrined in
various international documents , beginning with the 1948 Universal Declaration of Human Rights . As he moves closer to solidifying the Democratic Party s position ’ in US politics , Israel will continue
to construct settlements and become increasingly isolated . Of course , the drag will be much smaller , as tax increases and spending cuts will be much milder . But , even if the fiscal cliff turns out
to be a mild growth bump – a mere 0.5 % of GDP and annual growth – at the end of the year is just 1.5 % , as seems likely , the fiscal drag will suffice to slow the economy to stall speed : a growth rate
of barely 1 % . The fate of the rest of the world depends on the responses to the unfolding financial turmoil . Few of us in the developed world can fathom aggregate-output contractions on the scale that
crisis-torn Asia suffered in 1998 , let alone muster the political will to impose them on our economies . The economic dislocations and the humiliation of proud nations were , indeed , devastating ( as
Greeks today can attest ) . These changes are meant to eventually benefit income distribution and to improve the quality of life for all of São Paulo 's residents . Japanese real per capita GDP growth averaged
3.9 % a year in the 1980 s ’ , but only 1.4 % since 1990 . If real per capita GDP growth had continued after 1990 at the rate of the 1980 s ’ , Japan ’ s economy would be 60 % larger than it is today –
implying losses in the trillions of dollars . Coalmines in Pennsylvania in the 1860s - where 6 % of the workers were killed each year , 6 % crippled , and another 6 % temporarily disabled - looked very
much like the mines now operating in China 's Shaanxi Province . Similarly , the government proclaims bold intentions to tackle reform of Italy 's deeply indebted pension system , but lacks the political
leverage to realize change . While the US masked its doubts , Great Britain and France were less at ease . The perversity of the first alternative is obvious : there is no surplus food production in the
world . It has also made great efforts to reduce agricultural and rural greenhouse gas emissions . Shorting a stock is difficult and risky : it is difficult because borrowing stocks is hard to do , and it
is risky because shorting has limited upside but infinite downside . If the West buys into Saleh s depiction ’ of a war against Al Qaeda , it will be trapped into supporting him and his failed policies
. Will nanotechnology be different ? Under these circumstances , one can see why people yearn for international criminal prosecutions of responsible politicians . The verb " to uniqlo-ize " ( to cut costs
dramatically through Chinese production and eliminating intermediaries ) has entered Japan 's business vernacular , as in : " Can we uniqlo-ize the housing industry ? " Although most citizens in these countries
supported EU membership , many thought that their governments paid too high a price . The prevailing answer is that one coerces bondholders to accept the deal “ voluntarily . ” But huge numbers of Europeans
believe that something is fundamentally wrong with the Israelis : they never compromise ; they prefer using military means to solve political problems . Yet analogies with the Third Reich , although highly
effective as a way to denounce people with whose views one disagrees , are usually false . No Islamist armies are about to march into Europe – indeed , most victims of Revolutionary Islamism live in the
Middle East , not in Europe – and Ahmadinejad , his nasty rhetoric notwithstanding , does not have a fraction of Hitler s power ’ . Any sovereign default in Europe would shatter this cornerstone of financial
regulation , and thus would have profound consequences . Will all this deal-making sideline the region in the WTO ? By working together to maximize our assets and resources , we can do more with what we
have . Nor is there any reason to believe that the benefits at the top will trickle down . The next managing director should be selected on the merits , not on the basis of nationality . Women and children
suffer the most in times of conflict . Add to this centuries-old patriarchal traditions , 15-year-old post-war traumas , a 20-year economic crisis , and current Russian aggression , and you may begin to
grasp what women in South Ossetia , Abkhazia , and Georgia are enduring these days . But the Haqqanis were also the group that threatened the Americans the most . A lack of investment in agriculture that
feeds local communities makes these countries vulnerable to international price shocks , as well as to exchange-rate volatility . At a minimum , that would mean reducing the deficit to a level that stops
the rise in the debt-to-GDP ratio . Consider the following example . I am an organ donor . Sound bites and tweets are an unlikely route to nuclear salvation . By outsourcing to China , where labor rights
are not well protected ? The Shanghai free-trade zone promises to facilitate progress in three crucial areas . Given this , we have only one possibility : to search inside ourselves as well as around us
, for a sense of responsibility for the world ; for mutual understanding and solidarity ; for humility before the miracle of Being ; for the ability to restrain ourselves in the general interest and to
perform good deeds even if they remain unseen and unrecognized . In the past , Ozawa was the LDP ’ s youngest Secretary General . The militants targets ’ included branches of Bangkok Bank , the country s
largest ’ and a pillar of the establishment ; Siam Square , owned by the Palace ; and a deluxe shopping mall owned by one of the richest Thai Chinese families . As we enter a new era of sustainable development
, impunity must turn to responsibility . Polluters must pay , whether in rich or poor countries . Suppose you start with ten thousand individuals aged one year . A false dichotomy is created in which Muslims
must choose between a Western and European identity or a supposedly separate Islamic identity . Through business dealings , the Iraqi regime insinuated itself into the Jordanian elite , coloring our own
political culture . The magnitude of this change is due , in part , to a radical and rapid shift in China 's governance . That is the oldest excuse to justify wrongdoing : the end justifies the means . Like
other airborne plagues , drug-resistant tuberculosis cannot be stopped by either prison walls or national boundaries . A 2012 Action Aid survey found that violence against women has never been more prevalent
, with 87 % of women suffering domestic abuse . In the same year , President Hamid Karzai s government ’ upheld a husband s legal right ’ to beat his wife . Moreover , measures taken during the crisis may
have helped to mitigate financial contagion , but some do not support robust long-term development of the sector . How can anyone talk about returning to talks , offering incentives , or normalizing relationships
with a regime that is so demonstrably recalcitrant ? Indeed , recent growth in Africa appears to have been fueled by increases in oil exports and high oil prices . But Schröder was elected because he promised
to be more dynamic than Kohl . We have now reached the end of this happy coexistence . From rock stars , to " anti-globalists , " to religious organizations , to various advocates for developing countries
, to the UN , the calls are becoming deafening . French Foreign Minister Dominique de Villepin s flamboyant speech ’ at the United Nations encapsulated the spirit “ of resistance ” against what proved to
be a dangerous adventure . To the extent that the renminbi becomes more expensive , appreciation would discourage the influx of foreign capital . For example , in October , on the 60th anniversary of the
start of the Korean War , Chinese Vice President Xi Jinping ( the likely successor to President Hu Jintao ) dubbed the conflict a glorious fight against a US-initiated invasion “ . ” The accompanying table
captures the central fact : true , the US had high growth in the 1990s , more than Europe 's largest economies by a long shot . But the productivity part - the US as a productivity miracle - is wrong . He
paused , then said with a little half-smile : “ To the committed , not the converted . ” Years ago , a tobacco executive unwisely committed to paper the perfect slogan for his industry s disinformation
campaign ’ : “ Doubt is our product . ” For 50 years , tobacco companies employed a stable of scientists to assert ( sometimes under oath ) that they did not believe there was conclusive evidence that
smoking cigarettes causes lung cancer . One is found in the postcommunist countries of East and Southeast Europe , a surprising number of which have elected members of the old nomenklatura under a new guise
. But even the ECB cannot be indifferent to the risks of appreciation , because a strong euro may seriously complicate economic adjustment in countries like Spain , Portugal , Greece , and Ireland . If not
as old as ancient Rome , it certainly goes as far back as the tenth-century Holy Roman Empire . Similarly , equity incentives should be subject to substantial limitations aimed at preventing executives
from placing excessive weight on their firm s short-term stock price ’ . Current EU members and successful candidate countries could make available large-scale training programmes in market-relevant disciplines
for the young generation in CIS countries ; Clowns have always played a role in politics . Still , it is important to remember that there ’ s a positive aspect to the Party s self-confidence . ’ As political
scientist Kevin O Brien ’ has argued , China s ’ increased readiness to compromise with some domestic protesters , rather than treat all forms of collective action as subversive , can be seen as reflecting
a growing sense of security . AIG was a mega-insurer . Given that Maduro cannot retain Chávez ’ s existing supporters , he is clearly not a candidate for regional leadership . In fact , with Chávismo losing
ground , Cuba will struggle to maintain its political influence in Venezuela – and thus the economic sinecures ( including heavily subsidized oil ) on which it depends . The United States is in the midst
of an intense debate on a sweeping immigration overhaul . The dividends promised by a green MFF “ ” ( which recently received the support of the European Parliament ) are at least threefold : a higher share
of jobs in one of the world s fastest-growing economic sectors ’ ; lower energy bills for households throughout Europe ; and help in achieving the reductions in greenhouse-gas emissions to which all EU
states have agreed as part of their Europe “ 2020 ” commitments . Financial innovation has enlarged both temptations . But the reality that united NAM in the past has changed . But the Chinese policy elite
are also very taken with the idea that a first-rank country needs a prominent banking system that is active internationally . There is nothing wrong with this ambition , as long as it is handled with great
caution . Although China s government ’ does not keep any of its international commitments on economic , social , and cultural rights , the world s democracies ’ appear to have lost their willingness to
stand up for their beliefs , as President Barack Obama s kowtow ’ to China during his November visit painfully demonstrated . The French Republican model asserts that all French citizens have the same cultural
identity . In France half a century ago , as the Cold War loomed , Charles de Gaulle easily convinced the French that they were heroic during World War II because he was heroic . Indeed , whatever resemblance
events on Cairo s Tahrir Square bear ’ to May 1968 in Paris and the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989 , it would be premature to proclaim that freedom has prevailed . Is innovation something that can be taught
at school ? The best option is to better educate the unskilled , but this is a cumbersome , time-consuming process that offers no short-term solution . Thus , only three options remain in the short and
medium term . American and European leaders are talking about the need to promote reform in the " Greater Middle East . " MOUNTAIN VIEW , CALIFORNIA Noé Diakubama – , an emigrant from the Democratic Republic
of Congo who now lives in Paris , is one of this century s intrepid pioneers ’ . But to keep all these balls in the air , and avoid knocking himself out , Carney will need all the creativity and agility
of that other great Canadian export Cirque du Soleil – . Thus , for example , last November , the US lifted its six-year embargo on military sales to Indonesia , imposed in 1999 in response to human rights
abuses in East Timor . Indonesia immediately expressed its intention to purchase C-130 transport aircraft , as well as fast patrol boats to conduct “ anti-terrorism and anti-piracy measures . ” Holders
of long-term bonds , for example , must have thought that inflation would come roaring back after the effects of the 1981-2 global recession had passed . Early European exploration likely continued this
rapid pace of extinction . Developing countries and newer market economies are part of the solution – so they must also be part of the conversation and decision-making process . They recognize that India
has the most economically literate leadership in the world . But does such an engaged America still exist ? This will be impossible without external support . Silvio Berlusconi , who becomes President of
the European Union on July 1 st , is a man of vision who once loved risk--and whose business bets paid off big . CAMBRIDGE – The driving force of Europe s economic policy ’ is the European project “ ” of
political integration . That goal is reflected in the European Union s current focus ’ on creating a fiscal compact “ , ” which would constitutionalize member states ’ commitment to supposedly inviolable
deficit ceilings . The variety of machines currently under study is accessible at www.roadabletimes.com . Striking this balance is made even more complicated by the influence of advanced-country policies
on emerging economies . Inflation fell , but unemployment , public debt , and urban violence all rose sharply . But , in the long run , it produced a much better policymaking environment . The run-up to the
G-20 s summit ’ in Seoul was marred by a series of currency controversies , bringing international monetary reform to the fore . Hu and Wen have cancelled national agricultural taxes , made rural schooling
free , launched a new rural medical insurance plan , and guaranteed that , since there is still no title for holding private agricultural land , peasants are entitled to renew their long-term leases . But
a sharp decline in the costs of health care , education , and other services is now possible , thanks to the ongoing information and communications technology ( ICT ) revolution . It was none other than
the Hamas spokesman in Gaza , Salah al-Bardawil , who defined the cease-fire as “ a historic opportunity for all the sides involved to live in peace , and to build a future for the next generations . ” To
be sure , by sending mixed signals to financial markets , the Brazilians may have botched their attempt to cool down inflows . President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva had dismissed talk of capital controls
just a few days before they were imposed . The government has taken a first step by tightening its own budget and spending less , especially on distortionary subsidies . At the same time , the conflict gives
them money , power , and glory . After years of weak Western and United Nations response to Serb aggression and ethnic cleansing of Muslims and Croats in Bosnia , United States-led NATO bombing had put
the Serbs on the defensive . Consider Brazil . Even so , it was simpler than introducing a new drachma “ ” would be for , say , Greece . Weeks later , he provocatively visited the contested islets known as
the Dokdo Islands in South Korea ( which controls them ) and the Takeshima Islands in Japan . The coup de grâce was delivered by the government 's decision ( when the crisis came ) to keep bank deposits
fixed in dollars and to change debts owed to banks into pesos , thereby bankrupting the country 's financial system with a single stroke of the pen . So the Maldives SAARC meeting offered an opportunity
for further easing of tensions . Would Zhao have prevailed , had the students retreated ? Unlikely . In the face of downward nominal-wage rigidity , higher inflation would facilitate sectoral adjustment
and achieve a small but useful impact on reducing debt burdens . “ Meister high schools ” , introduced in 2010 specifically to prepare young people for high-skilled jobs , are a positive step . In essence
, the Chinese government must transform a predatory state into a nurturing one , and treat private entrepreneurs as creators of wealth rather than targets of extraction . In nearly all other countries
, such a transformation was accomplished by establishing the rule of law and / or moving from autocracy to democracy . Second , it would seem highly risky to conclude that one speech by Chávez is tantamount
to a fundamental affirmation of principle . Public opinion is divided on the issue , and polls vary according to how the questions are asked . How can the US exert pressure on Israel to engage in serious
negotiations with the Palestinians , or to refrain from attacking Iran , when it offers encouragement – if only through public silence – to Israeli military intervention in Syria ? If America s purpose
’ is to deliver a message to Iran Beware – “ , you could be the next target many ” – will question its sincerity about restraining Israel . The British government uses a figure of a little more than £ 1
million as a general limit to the amount it is prepared to pay to save a statistical life – for example , by improving road safety . The old economy is driven by negative feedback : rising demand leads
to higher prices , which leads producers to produce more and consumers to buy less , which restores an equilibrium at a lower level of demand . The other lesson is that Turkey and Armenia cannot remain
adversaries forever . There are some who say that this would mean a loss of influence on the part of those countries which choose not to integrate more closely . But influence is not an end in itself -
it is a means to an end . But there is another way to look at the disparity . NEW YORK – In the past three months , global asset prices have rebounded sharply : stock prices have increased by more than 30
% in advanced economies , and by much more in most emerging markets . It might include " Suya , " ( barbecued meat ) , originally of Hausa origin , but now a national favorite . There is a market failure
when it comes to energy , but government intervention should run in precisely the opposite direction from what the Bush administration has proposed . The fact that Americans do not pay the full price for
the pollution especially enormous contributions – to greenhouse gases – that results from their profligate energy use means that energy is under-priced , in turn sustaining excessive consumption . Canada
’ s top environmentalist , David Suzuki , stated earlier this year that politicians “ complicit in climate change ” should be thrown in jail . He has repeatedly expressed his willingness to meet with US
President Barack Obama – even sending him a congratulatory letter on his inauguration – and has traveled to New York to be interviewed by the American media much more often than his predecessors . The US
has profited from a longstanding alliance with the Sunni bloc . Continuing economic weakness in the advanced economies risks a new round of protectionism . All of this is bad news for Europe , because once
this global crisis is over , Europeans will simply have become less important . And , unfortunately , Europe is not only doing nothing to hold off or reverse its decline – it is accelerating the process
through its own behavior . But as debts mount , and global interest rates rise , investors will become rightly nervous about the risk of debt restructuring . Let us begin with the many questions raised at
the trial . The list of urgent challenges facing humanity is depressingly long . The advanced countries are in for the worst economic downturn since the Great Depression . Here , the savings-bank movement
in the United Kingdom and Europe in the nineteenth century , and the microfinance movement pioneered by the Grameen Bank in Bangladesh in the twentieth century , comes to mind . The increased tax burden
for all who are employed is analogous to the reduced hours in work-sharing . Third , financial shocks will be worse than expected . At some point , investors will realize that bank losses are massive ,
and that some banks are insolvent . The other lesson is moral , and it is more difficult . Second , much stronger efforts must be made to move forward with multilateral trade agreements , particularly by
completing the Doha Round of trade negotiations . After France and the Netherlands rejected the European Constitutional Treaty , Ireland ’ s “ No vote ” is the second and probably decisive blow against
a united and strong Europe . Macroeconomics is gone as far as local initiative is concerned and that is a good thing in a world where whenever the Banca d Italia practices ’ " independent monetary policy
" , investors can t run ’ fast enough . Attracting neighbors has long been a noble aspiration – and something of a European specialty . The European Union s embrace ’ of post-communist republics in Central
Europe represented a most powerful symbol of the reach of Western liberal democracy . Indeed , do we even still dare to maintain that distinction anymore ? Most young journalists , especially those in radio
, have been shocked by the censorship . It can reinvigorate the spirit of earlier enlargement rounds , or it can succumb to enlargement fatigue . The result will probably be the same : at the end of the
campaign , Hamas will have increased its popularity in Palestine and in the Arab world . Fasten your seat belts for a very bumpy ride . As long as we remain unable to make ourselves think and act in a civilized
way , we can indeed – , we must ensure – that we do not become barbaric . Something also needs to be done on the supply side . But if they buy more , in an attempt to prop up the dollar , they will only
have a bigger version of the same problem . As a result , a genuine hukou reform strategy remains elusive . The EU s architects ’ generated the necessary political will by drawing on the memory of World
War II , the threat posed by the Soviet Union , and the economic benefits of greater integration . The process fed on its own success , and , as the Soviet Union crumbled , it received a powerful boost
from the prospect of German reunification . " Why ? " Stalin asked . Moreover , economic growth in the US is modest , and appears to come mainly from segments of the tradable sector that are exposed to and
benefit from emerging-market demand . He owes his career to Chechnya , as Bush may owe his presidency to Iraq . The response by enlightened communities is therefore important . Perhaps it is right that the
use of religious symbols has become the subject of public debate , though I think that wearing headscarves and even veils is as much a part of individual freedom as is the wearing of Jewish skullcaps and
Christian crosses . The new Obama administration will have only a few months to develop meaningful proposals that can win domestic support , and will be preoccupied with the aftermath of the current financial
debacle and the Iraq war . But the key point remains : as long as a government retains its full taxing powers , it can always service its domestic debt , even without the ability to print money . While still
emphasizing family values and traditional morality , they lost the whiff of incense that had clung to the Christian Democratic parties at the beginning of the century – by the 1970 s ’ , they even began
to stress that one didn ’ t have to be a believer to join . And , in the absence of stability and security , the objective of the IMF s $ 750 million stand-by arrangement ’ to cover the temporary external
financing gap “ ” and to sustain “ the confidence of markets and investors ” will not be met . CAMBRIDGE – In October , central bankers , policymakers , private-sector executives , academics , and representatives
of civil-society organizations will convene in Washington , DC , for the annual joint meeting of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank . Among the most important outcomes this year will be
the IMF Board of Governors decision ’ regarding how to address current international monetary issues . In a few years time , the banks will be recapitalized , and the economy will return to normal . For
the sake of the global economy , let us hope that neither side miscalculates . This model presupposes that China will develop domestic capital , rather than simply relying on foreign investment . The ECB
s latest program ’ of bond purchases will be big enough to ensure that Draghi does not lose face . Other elements of Lee s ’ plan include construction of eco-friendly transportation networks , such as high-speed
railways and hundreds of kilometers of bicycle tracks , and generating energy using waste methane from landfills . The package also counts on investments in hybrid vehicle technologies . We must rescue
these people by giving them a better future , which only more education and new opportunities can bring . Throughout history , such undertakings have always floundered . It succeeded . Thus , our first task
is legal and judicial reform , and here we are given hope by the courage of Ukraine s Supreme Court ’ , which in overturning the stolen election of November 21 upheld the law and the liberties of Ukrainians
against a regime determined to sweep them away . So we will resist the temptation of revenge and retribution . But even stronger than this economic common-sense-argument is the political imperative : if
we maintain a divided Europe , we will never reach the Europe of liberty and peace that was the original vision of the founding fathers that wrote The Treaty of Rome . This generates liquidity , which then
stimulates GDP growth . Never again : for history s victims ’ , that is our truest debt of honor . But money itself will not solve all problems , and a single-minded focus on fighting corruption will not
bring development . Obama will be on African soil for a mere two days , during which time he is expected to emphasize America s role ’ in promoting good governance and non-violence in Africa goals – long
high on America ’ s public agenda . Obama ’ s one new priority – to expand US support for African farmers – reflects a shrewd appreciation of how the expansion of agriculture can quickly lift many rural
Africans out of poverty . We must all engage in the debate . As their legitimacy and funding diminish , so does their effectiveness . What , then , of the future ? Indeed , the failure to suggest any possibility
of an emergency expansion “ ” of the SDF compounds this anxiety . So the rightist rhetoric hardened . Why impose restrictions on a dealmaker who earns a large fee for arranging a merger that imposes no risk
on the bank after the transaction has closed ? In December 2005 , Vice President Dick Cheney said , “ There is every reason to believe that they are seriously pursuing nuclear weapons . ” The power ministries
interior and defense “ ” – – were kept under the control of figures associated with the former regime . And , in the same way , Taiwan and Vietnam feel that they will be the Chinese giant s first victims
’ . Shevardnadze 's initial term did bring a liberal foreign investment code and the foundation of a state based on the rule of law . That ’ s not a lot of bang for the buck . In the United States and elsewhere
, elected governments used to take care of the people , but now , like companies colluding against their customers to keep out disruptive newcomers , they have become a separate interest group . Political
parties exchange benefits and ignore those who elected them . Russia , meanwhile , harbors deep disappointment with the West for its actions after communism s collapse ’ . This new treatment targets only
the tumor cells and is unlikely to affect other healthy cells in the body . The discovery could also work to prevent hereditary breast cancer cells from growing into tumors . Yet , while large global firms
habitually use their high concentration of financial resources to press for further de-regulation ( “ or we will go somewhere else ) ” , the crisis has turned their size into a liability . But early clinical
studies revealed no compelling results , and an FDA advisory panel voted 9 to 3 against the drug 's approval . Another example of this is the Nizhniy Novgorod region , just 400 kilometers ( 250 miles )
east of Moscow , which has been hit hard by the heat wave and fire . Instead , with some international help , but mostly out of its own resources , the Republic of Cyprus - a small , then not very prosperous
country that was devastated by war - launched a re-settlement and rehabilitation program as a national project . These three cases are doubly inexplicable , because none of the three brothers has been accused
of actually criticizing China , opposing the Communist Party , or even talking about politics . Based on the NDRC s figures ’ , 2008 capacity utilization rates were just 76 % for steel , 75 % for cement
, 73 % for aluminum , 88 % for flat glass , 40 % for methanol , and 20 % for poly-crystalline silicon ( a key raw material for solar cells ) . In the eight recoveries since the early 1950 s ’ ( excluding
the brief pop following the credit-controls-induced slump in the 1980 s ’ ) , the stock-adjustment response lifted real consumption growth by 6.1 % , on average , for five quarters following business-cycle
downturns ; spurts of 7-8 % growth were not uncommon for a quarter or two . Talk about the Cubans ' free will is in reality a capricious and criminal act against the people . Or consider Montreal , whose
residents must navigate the city s ’ tricky linguistic politics . It can 't buy effective reform , either . The heart of the matter is that Francis s actions ’ have been in line with the revolution “ from
above style ” of reform associated with Vatican II . According to the IMF , the fall in China s current-account surplus ’ / GDP ratio has largely been the result of very high levels of investment , a weak
global environment , and an increase in prices for commodity imports that has outpaced the rise in prices for Chinese manufactured goods . So the fall in China s external surplus ’ / GDP ratio does not
represent economic rebalancing ; “ ” on the contrary , the Fund predicts that the ratio will rebound in 2013 and approach its pre-crisis level thereafter . OXFORD Emerging – markets – Brazil , China , India
, Indonesia , Mexico , Russia , Turkey , and some 15 other countries in Africa , Asia , Europe , and Latin America account – for a rapidly growing share of the world s population and economy ’ . As ever
, the unpredictable – a terrorist atrocity or a rash decision by a national leader – will take its toll . But much of what happens tomorrow will be a result of history . Indeed , there is little goodwill
towards Kosovo s government ’ in the Serb-dominated North ( Ibarski Kolašin ) , partly because it failed to prevent the area from being overrun with criminal gangs . Moreover , the UN and EU contingents
, and the NATO forces in Kosovo , have been unable or unwilling to enforce the government s writ ’ in Ibarski Kolašin , and scant attention has been paid to its shambolic economy . What was unusual about
the case , and the scale of the response , was his offense . The biggest impact initially came from sharply rising oil prices and later from a rapidly weakening exchange rate , which led to a sharp rise
in import prices . There is now no longer any ideological hostility between Russia and the West . Article 23 has been a sensitive issue from the moment Hong Kong was returned to China , because its inclusion
in the Basic Law came in the wake of the Hong Kong population 's strong support for the 1989 pro-democracy movement in Beijing . That is why people tend to view her as a sincere politician , rather than
one concerned only about personal ambition . Rodrik is of the MIT School , as are such household names as Paul Krugman , Joseph Stiglitz , and Larry Summers . We have seen what ultimately results when unsustainable
spending leads to exploding debt : economic chaos and human tragedy . Likewise , Section 1504 of the United States 2010 Dodd-Frank Act ’ contains rules on transparency in the extractive industry . The Iranian
revolution prompted a Shia uprising in the Eastern Province in November 1979 . When it first appeared , the new satellite channel broadcast from Qatar reflected its own name . Al Jazeera Arabic – for “
the island ” – represented a haven of professional , independent , current affairs programming in a sea of one-sided , government-controlled Arab media . Once high-flying small economies like Ireland ,
Hungary , and Iceland break down . Even robust China and India are experiencing slower growth , curtailed ambitions , and broken dreams . Faith in renewed growth is an ill-advised policy strategy . In politics
, as the country prepares for next year ’ s general election , the leading contenders to replace 81-year-old Prime Minister Manmohan Singh are the Bharatiya Janata Party s Narendra Modi ’ , 62 , and Rahul
Gandhi , who is just 43 . Using the UK Electricity Generation Costs 2010 update and measuring in cost per produced kilowatt-hour , wind is still 20-200 % more expensive than the cheapest fossil-fuel options
. After all , you cannot unbankrupt “ ” a firm ruined by punishing interest rates . Consider organizations that regulate medical licenses or administer medical emergency relief funds . This won ’ t be easy
, because there is a basic conflict between modernizing an army and the political pressures to maintain military wages and jobs . Unfortunately , major US media , including The New York Times and The Wall
Street Journal , have endorsed this deplorable assault on whatever non-discrimination remains in the world trading system . Hindus , Ahmadiyyas , and tribal people in the Chittagong hills , fearful for
their safety , have been leaving the country in droves . The normal cells of women carrying the BRCA1 or BRCA2 mutations can still recombine , because they retain one functional allele or alternative form
— — of the gene . Now that the war in Afghanistan may wind down soon , there is a fear that President Megawati Sukarnoputri will do little to change her do-nothing ways . His early promise to be the EU executive
body ’ s new broom has turned into a steady-as-she-goes captaincy , and there ’ s the added question of whether his re-appointment might turn the job into a standard 10-year post for his successors , regardless
of their abilities . - To sustain growth , Spain s welfare state ’ -- basically pensions and health care -- must be overhauled to increase efficiency and promote fairness . The Arab Spring has turned bloody
and unpredictably turbulent , further diminishing the odds for peace in Palestine . Women ’ s rights activists in the region should not fall into a brainwashing trap of nationalism and territorial disputes
, becoming another tool in the hands of politicians . By contrast , the SEC is a rule-generating institution of the type that civil-law countries like France or Germany would have little difficulty creating
if they wished to . But to act in such a way will leave those doubtful of capitalism in even greater doubt . Despite decades of close interaction , with millions of Americans , Europeans , and Japanese visiting
China every year and similar numbers of Chinese now visiting the US and other advanced countries , both sides see each other through a glass darkly . The Latin word for this ability was povertas , or “
poverty ” in English . While the word does not retain its original virtuous connotations , we still warm to the virtuosity of “ doing more with less . ” Yet right now NASA is spending $ 475 million on a
program that has already been canceled instead of on the space center . The reason : a congressman managed to introduce a legal provision that prohibits NASA from stopping the spending until a new budget
has been approved . Outsiders may find it difficult to follow internal Iranian debates , but they do exist , and they are intense , even if they are not always visible to the wider international public
. To walk towards economic and political freedom . You ’ d think health might be improving in the places that recently became more democratic . The talks between Turkish Cypriot President Mehmet Ali Talat
and Greek Cypriot President Dimitris Christofias are now entering a critical phase . Because of its vast natural heritage , the continent contains some of the most potent solutions to climate change . Jonathan
entered the election campaign fighting off powerful conservative northern politicians who insisted that the PDP s informal agreement ’ to rotate power periodically between north and south implied that
their region was entitled to five years more in office . But in fact , George C. Marshall , the US secretary of state in 1948 , sought to prevent President Harry Truman from recognizing Israel . Finally
, diagnostic classification provides politicians the language for building or dismantling health programs . The key will be so-called second-round effects “ ” – whether growing crude prices lead to higher
wage demands from trade unions . At the height of the New Order s political repression ’ of Islam during the late 1970 s ’ and early 1980 s ’ , a new pattern of thinking emerged among younger intellectuals
. Both are treated in hospital , the perpetrators escape unrecognized . Nothing changes , and it seems that nothing ever will change in this quiet country where money rules . So Sputnik did not surprise us
. Václav Havel was a fan of Zappa . Moreover , Georgia 's reward for providing a strategic export route to the West for Azeri oil was not dollars , but a diplomatic insurance policy - i.e. , Western , especially
US , concern for the safety of the pipelines . If guilt is problematic in this context , we are left to struggle with collective shame . Anything else is likely to be about as stable as this week 's top
ten pop songs . Dealing effectively with political instability in Africa requires two things : the political will of key states to underwrite the democratic process , and strong regional institutions to
provide a legal framework reflecting the principles underpinning states ’ behavior . But an even more fundamental reservation should have followed , because Afghanistan is more of a concept – a polyglot
entity of various ethnic groups – than a functioning state . What the Kirchners have done well is to use the wealth gained from exports to strengthen the economy and improve conditions for the middle and
lower classes . Four years ago , President George W. Bush was on shaky political ground . In Europe , the power of the European Union , often-uncontrolled immigration , and economic globalization are challenging
feelings of national belonging , of being represented by national governments , or of sharing national cultures . Demagogues who denounce multiculturalism and warn of the Islamization “ ” of the West are
exploiting the resultant fears about the loss of national identity . Like his father , Assad is cautious . The movement started a few years ago with the Publish What You Pay campaign , which urged oil and
mining companies to disclose payments to governments . Roads , airports and communications systems must also be revitalized if trade is to be restored . The educational system needs to be rebuilt almost
from scratch , and with so many women anxious to return to teaching , a revived educational system will also help Afghanistan 's democratic politicians gain a powerful lobby of workers . But in future decades
, priorities will change . And much of what we may be called on to do in the future will likely be determined by choices made by others . A CIS customs union failed already , and will fail again in the
future . NEW YORK – Two troubling features of the ongoing economic recovery are the depressed nature of world trade and the early revival of international global payment imbalances . To worry about the composition
of demand is silly ; it only complicates the algebra . Of course , Zubkov will continue Fradkov s Yes ’ “ , whatever you say Mr. President management style ” . Moreover , his former position as head of
the Federal Financial Monitoring Service will allow him to draw on a wealth of information to keep tabs on all possible enemies and competitors , perhaps turning them into new model Berezovsky s ’ , Gusinsky
s ’ and Khodorkovsky s ’ , if necessary . Although the most high-profile defendants , Slobodan Milosevic and Vojislav Seselj , are doing their best to discredit the tribunal , they will fail . The charge
of bias is simply not sustainable . We need a deal that will extend , deepen , and strengthen the Kyoto Protocols . In addition to providing the funds for apprentices salaries ’ , governments must monitor
progress to ensure that apprentices are gaining valuable knowledge and experience . The Euro s Hard Rain Falls ’ And , given a new leadership ’ s caution as it establishes its power , reforms will occur
at a snail s pace ’ , making social and political unrest more likely . The real question is whether there is a disease at all . Third , poor political management of the reform undercut the dynamic gains
that could have resulted . Responsible people around the globe , particularly politicians and journalists , must remain focused on Darfur . First , political leaders and civil-society leaders must restate
, ad nauseam if necessary , the case for “ global zero a world ” – without nuclear weapons – and map a credible step-by-step path for getting there . Apart from the decisive role that it played in Libya
alongside France , Britain is becoming increasingly marginal in European foreign policymaking . Even before it vetoed a plan by eurozone countries to create a fiscal union “ ” at the European summit in
December 2011 , it was playing less of a leadership role than it traditionally has on key European foreign-policy issues . So the idea that they offer an easy way out of advanced countries current predicament
’ is a fantasy . Countries like China became enmeshed in a web of multilateral organizations and subjugated to conditional engagement strategies . MADRID – The idea of integrating Israel into NATO has frequently
been advanced as bait to encourage the Jewish state to make the necessary concessions for an Arab-Israeli peace settlement . And some Israeli leaders – Foreign Minister Avigdor Liberman , for example –
are convinced that joining NATO would act as a vital deterrent against Iran . The Social Dimensions of Globalization In the beginning , the idea of human rights was limited to domestic politics . In international
relations , power , not right , continued to be the only thing that mattered : the traditional concept of state sovereignty focused exclusively on power , i.e. , on control over people and territory ,
and protected the state s authority ’ , regardless of whether its enforcement was civilized or brutal , democratic or authoritarian . By contrast , some finance specialists favor forcing banks to rely much
more on “ contingent debt ” that can be forcibly converted to ( possibly worthless ) stock in the event of a system-wide meltdown . Unlike their predecessors in May 1968 , today ’ s demonstrators are not
in the streets to defend a different and better future . Health care systems that served blacks received a tiny fraction of the expenditure that white services did , so when HIV arrived , it encountered
an extremely vulnerable population . No one predicted what happened in Egypt and Tunisia , which means that no Arab country is immune . The US should divert its wasteful military spending to new health financing
. There is no alternative to this approach , because China s rise ’ has been accompanied by massive social and economic changes – in some instances dislocation – across the entire region . Asia s economies
’ have , of course , become much more integrated in recent decades , particularly through production for global supply chains . African countries search endlessly , and mostly fruitlessly , for the small
amounts of funding needed for their purchases of fertilizer and improved seeds . We sense it every day in the news . The system makes relocating very difficult , as those who do not manage to acquire local
residency permits face major hurdles in gaining access to public services when they migrate to other provinces . That compromise – between Germany and Southern Europe , and between US Republicans and Democrats
– should be economically and politically feasible . There was a time when the PLO held positions that were the same as those of Hamas . Then the PLO changed . But , regardless of whether the nuclear issue
is resolved , the spread of market forces in North Korea will continue to change every aspect of life there in the coming years . After eight years of international administration , Kosovo s Albanian majority
’ has tasted freedom and is eager for full independence . At least the Initiative pointed in the right direction . Early Retirement for the Eurozone ? It is a small , poor country that desperately needs stability
and economic development . Military rule in Algeria continues de facto to this day . By soliciting questions from children that have little place in the formal educational system , the audience is led to
experience the research process – which often begins precisely by asking the right kind of question . But none of these debates directly challenged the role of science in society or posed , as Cardinal
Schönborn did , the idea that religion and science are potentially incompatible . Was Constantinescu s ’ presidency a total failure ? In the United Kingdom , a large group of immigrants thus share with native
Britons the right to participate in public debates on all matters of general interest , whether local or national . Because fundamental equality is granted in this way , the British system manages to cope
better than others do with a greater expression of distinctive identities . The OECD s interim assessment ’ called it “ the most important risk for the global economy . ” That may seem unlikely : Why should
the European crisis be so important elsewhere ? The gap is actually a bit narrower than this , since the dollar price of goods is lower in poorer countries , so that each dollar of income buys more than
in rich countries . Once we take into account the purchasing power of dollars , the gap in incomes is approximately seven times between the rich and the poor countries . The main change was a large reduction
in interest rates , in line with an inflation-targeting framework , which has led to a more competitive exchange-rate policy . If the threat of supply disruptions spreads beyond Libya , even the mere risk
of lower output may sharply increase the fear premium “ ” via precautionary stockpiling of oil by investors and final users . Some have even suggested hastening the outcome predicted by this faulty view
by dividing Iraq into its " genuine " original components : Sunni , Shi`i, and Kurd. Foreign reporters are under constant surveillance and risk compromising their contacts . While for-profit providers have
higher administrative costs and larger executive salaries , their main burden relative to not-for-profit provision is the need to generate returns for their shareholders . These additional costs mean that
approximately 20 % of the total income that not-for-profit providers can devote to patient care is unavailable . However , in practice , Brown has remained in the shadows , skillfully managing the economy
, but remaining silent and enigmatic on vital political issues , and apparently endorsing everything Blair did . The Europe of the past began with the Schuman Plan , which sowed the seeds of today ’ s EU
, and concluded when the Cold War ended . It was an era of integration based on the heroic drive to reconcile post-war Germany and France and establish a Pax Europea , as well as the threatened expansion
of the Soviet Union . Why shouldn t winners ’ compensate the losers ? Of course , censors will often be just one step behind , filtering information and shutting down sites . But Chinese netizens are remarkably
adept at using the limited tools available to them . United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton rightly defined the upcoming referendum as a ticking time bomb “ . ” With Iraq , the opposite is true
, because not only the regime but the country itself might cease to exist , or at least be radically transformed , should Hussein fall . Putin 's goal is to put Russia in a position to exploit such transformations
. More importantly , the cap on emissions is being tightened over time – by 11 % for the second period , from 2008 through 2012 , and by 1.74 % annually from 2013 on – so that the required reductions will
increase in the future . For example , the US advantage over France has expanded from 25 % to 40 % since 1980 , a period in which the share of government spending in GDP was stabilized in the US ( until
recently ) , while it grew substantially in France . If banks and financial institutions find it difficult to recapitalize ( i.e. , issue new equity ) , it is because investors are uncertain about the value
of the assets in their portfolios and do not want to overpay . Will government do better at valuing those assets ? In the US , the problem is seen as a national problem regarding the actions of banks and
individuals , while in Europe the problem is seen as one arising within some states and affecting other states . It is held dearly , and it is closely connected to the lives of those who maintain it . BERLIN
Germany – has made its choice . That 's a lesson other occupying international agencies should keep in mind . First , the notion that there is a smooth transition path for the debt / GDP ratio from 200 %
to 124 % is fanciful . Second , even if , by some miracle , Greece did reach the 124 % mark by 2020 , the claim that its debt will then be “ sustainable ” is absurd . For example , scientists and conservationists
around the world are collaborating on projects such as the Millennium Seed Bank partnership , founded and coordinated by the Royal Botanic Gardens , Kew . This partnership of more than 100 institutions
in over 50 countries has already conserved 10 % of the world s wild plant species ’ , and is working towards conserving 25 % , focusing on those that are rare , endangered , and useful . LONDON – I remember
the exact date of my visit to Venezuela . Holding such a conference is easier said than done . Every country faces these issues . In fact , a significant majority of Democrats , 60 % , favored a reduction
of troops in Afghanistan , compared with just 26 % of Republicans . It was Sharon who sensed a sea change in Israeli sentiment and acted upon it . But Sharon was the messenger , not the message . Slumdog
Oscar Meanwhile , the global distribution of economic and political power has undergone a radical reconfiguration , setting the stage for the emergence of a multipolar international order . The crisis subsided
when Soviet ships carrying additional missiles turned back , and Khrushchev agreed to remove the existing missiles from the island . As then US Secretary of State Dean Rusk put it : “ We were eyeball to
eyeball , and I think the other fellow just blinked . ” Populations of microbes fluctuate by many billions on a daily basis as they move between their host organisms and encounter antibiotics , antibodies
, drought , or other natural hazards to which their genetic evolution may respond . In the new Five-Year Plan for 2011-2015 , some binding targets are set for the social safety-net reforms . The social-security
system will finally provide universal coverage , including the rural population and migrant workers in China s cities ’ . Something else is going on . One important factor underlying the illusion of explanatory
depth arises from the richly hierarchical nature of most complex systems , which means that they can be understood at several levels of analysis . Another important step is to forge ties with the providers
of new talent schools – , universities , and apprenticeship programs . It would be hard to say that they do . Indeed , many business leaders deny that there is any conflict between self-interest and the
interests of all . But feeding anti-American sentiment , however unintentionally , into the European construction would be intellectually dishonest , morally suspect , and politically dangerous for all
freedom-loving Europeans . The existing power relations in the Middle East have indeed been permanently shaken and , indeed , revolutionized . Solar panels and wind turbines can provide off-grid power in
isolated rural areas . Wells and cisterns can be put in place to ensure safe drinking water . First , the banks and other financial institutions in Germany and France have large exposures to Greek government
debt , both directly and through the credit that they have extended to Greek and other eurozone banks . Postponing a default gives the French and German financial institutions time to build up their capital
, reduce their exposure to Greek banks by not renewing credit when loans come due , and sell Greek bonds to the European Central Bank . ( Sheikh Wasil , it should be made known , has no links or known sympathies
for Al Qaeda and he represents a very different Islamic school of thought . ) Starting in the late 1960 s rapprochement ’ between Mao s China ’ and America became possible because China was involved in
political and military conflicts with the Soviet Union . Providing iron and iodized salt is another top investment . So are the opportunities . The third major determinant of which scenario prevails will
be American power and how it is used . The US will remain the most powerful country in 2020 , but , paradoxically , the strongest state since the days of Rome will be unable to protect its citizens acting
alone . With its population increasing at 3.5 % a year , the number of Gazans will double in about 15 years ( the same timeframe in which the World Health Organization estimates that Gaza will run out of
water for its population ) . It ’ s just a way of letting out your feelings . ” The crisis has exposed the deep disparities in competitiveness that have developed within the eurozone . So any sustained cooperation
with the US and its regional allies Japan – and South Korea – would only help America to shackle China . Once we recognize how vulnerable all of the world is to this kind of descent into violence , the
importance of international law and international institutions such as the United Nations become all the more obvious . The trade deficit . Who is to prevent it from doing so ? For example , greens advocate
free municipal transport in major cities . In general , they argue , we need more care , not more cars , so stimulus money should go to health , education , and the protection of the environment . While
Europe has succeeded in stabilizing its sovereign-bond markets , financial intermediation for small and medium-size enterprises remains highly disrupted . With most credit pipelines already partly blocked
, the shortage of corporate credit will become more severe as regulators finally force banks to embark on a proper mobilization of prudential capital and shrink balance sheets to less risky levels . Over
60 countries are working together to halt the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction . Furthermore , several major geopolitical risks loom , including military confrontation between North and South
Korea and the lingering possibility that Israel – or even the US – might use military force to counter Iran s nuclear weapons program ’ . Yet at the recent NATO summit in Budapest , US Defense Secretary
Robert Gates called on NATO members to provide more troops for missions in Afghanistan . He accused the British of being “ defeatist ” and argued that Afghanistan s deteriorating security situation ’ could
be addressed with an Iraq-style surge “ , ” which has undoubtedly brought down violence levels in that country . One may dispute whether these appearances have any underlying reality , but whether they
do or not , this defines the best strategy to get money . In this scenario , Pakistani generals , instead of continuing to sponsor Afghan Pashtun militant groups ( like the Taliban and their allies like
the Haqqani network ) , would be compelled to fend off a potentially grave threat to Pakistan s unity ’ . Terrorism has not exacerbated them . Security forces have not helped resolved them . But the ethical
problems that these technologies pose are conceptually similar to those presented by existing therapies , such as antidepressants . Another is that US ratings agencies helped fool the world by giving triple-A
ratings to their American clients , while aggressively downgrading foreign borrowers . This enabled US banks to profit by offering low rates of return to foreign lenders while forcing foreign borrowers
to accept high interest rates . Given that it would exclude China , such a discussion alone would be a game changer . Most people are aware that high-fat diets , too much alcohol , smoking , promiscuous
sex , and recreational drugs , while pleasant , can ruin one 's health . Almost invariably , Sarkozy has blamed the minister in question , and then moved on to the next subject to strike his interest . And
what perspective would Turkey have outside the EU ? Coordination in accession to the WTO sounds good , but would actually delay membership by several years at a time when speed is vital . Had the United
States known what lay ahead , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton would not have remarked , after demonstrations broke out in Egypt , that the Egyptian government was “ stable . ” Arab leaders now showering
their key constituencies with pay raises and food subsidies would have done so earlier , thus avoiding the impression of vulnerability . Our investments are aimed at the development and support of market
economies across the region . The problem has become acute in Europe , whose crisis has been belatedly recognized as reflecting something more than turmoil in the eurozone s weakest countries ’ . According
to the International Cooperative Alliance , a cooperative is a jointly owned and “ democratically controlled enterprise . ” The complexity of American governance threatens the benefits of Obama s decision
’ to stimulate the economy through deficit spending . Russia pulled back from hyperinflation in 1995 ; it has not veered off either toward rightwing dictatorship nor back to Communism ; nor has it entirely
degenerated into anarchic chaos . In essence , while all of Iraq s factions ’ have a strong interest in promoting a central government that appears fully functional , that government s powers ’ will in
fact be limited . Combined with the Stability Pact -- another case of institutional rigidity that prevents effective use of fiscal policy -- Europe has unnecessarily slipped into a major slowdown , if not
a recession . We must distinguish between the dangerous and the merely disagreeable . It 's election season in Germany , France and Italy , so the time for structural reforms is over . Whatever mistakes Europe
may have made vis-à-vis the region ’ s authoritarian regimes in the past , it can now correct them by providing decisive help . Inflation was on the rise before the recession of 2008 struck , mainly because
of spiking commodity prices . In the short run , they can be used to fuel anti-imperialist movements . And a $ 1 medical treatment can cure malaria if the child gets infected despite the bed net . More broadly
, increases in the supply of weapons funneled to rebel forces by Qatar , Saudi Arabia , and others have correlated with surges in the civilian death toll , suggesting that they cost more lives than they
save – and with no evident strategic gains . The Assad regime , with its own external supporters , seems likely to have no difficulty matching any new hardware thrown at it . Politicians are loath to impose
such a tax , fearing a political backlash . For years , this has stymied progress in the United States towards a low-carbon economy . Nor do they indicate that they will . In an historic speech to the General
Assembly , he said that we could either continue with business as usual , potentially leading to disaster , or we could review the entire post-1945 architecture of the international system and construct
a more effective structure of global governance . Until our governments take action , we should avoid supporting places where captive wild animals perform for our amusement . Although nowhere mentioned in
either case , the scandalous treatment of Iraqi prisoners at Abu Ghraib and the revelations that high-level government lawyers prepared confidential memoranda authorizing torture , likely played a part
in the Justices ' reasoning . In the Middle Ages , this attitude spawned scholastic disputation . The other essential step is to place resolution of the Israel-Palestine conflict at the center of America
s foreign policy agenda ’ . Moreover , “ innovation ” in financial markets has made it possible for securities owners to be insured , meaning that they have a seat at the table , but no skin “ in the game
. ” But there are only two global threats that , if mishandled , can destroy life on this planet as we know it . In any case , France is not Russia . Like Japan 40 years ago , Chinese production is moving
up the ladder to higher value-added products . People dance around , drink heavily , and prepare for a monstrous feast . The Emotional Clash of Civilizations How the world responds to North Korea is likely
to affect the calculations of other would-be nuclear powers , including Iran . Maintaining peace in a world in which literally dozens of fingers are on nuclear triggers will be far more difficult — and
the consequences of failure far more destructive . If the growth rates of the past 15 years continue , and if India remains united , its labor productivity in 2050 will be comparable to that of Spain today
. For decades , through Democratic and Republican presidential administrations , America has pursued a set of straightforward energy policy objectives : keep world oil prices as stable as possible ; reduce
domestic consumption of oil as painlessly as possible ; reduce dependence on foreign imports whenever possible ; and diversify the sources of imported oil . We now live in a different world where developing
countries are a fundamental source of growth , as well as being importers of capital goods and services from developed countries . A recent decree , widely condemned abroad , allows the government to appoint
two-thirds of the Academy s members ’ , thereby ending even the semblance of scientific independence . So what comes next ? Haiti and the Limits of Generosity If these investments reach all parts of Latin
America , rich and poor , the region 's prospects will brighten enormously . Once he is released , it is anticipated that he will direct a major drive to revitalize his organization through both its traditional
and new illegal activities . As for Europe , the Lisbon Treaty gives the European Union exclusive competence in investment-related matters , but no mechanisms have been implemented to exercise this authority
. The chief negotiator appointed by Musharraf , Chaudhry Shujaat Husain , described the burqa brigade kidnappers as “ our daughters , ” with whom negotiations would continue and against whom “ no operation
could be contemplated . ” Whereas the appetite for reactors in the 1970 s ’ reflected the international heft of the Soviet Union , and principally that of the geopolitical West Japan – , the US , and Europe
– today the center of gravity has shifted irrevocably to the East , where nuclear energy has become a gateway “ to a prosperous future , ” in the telling words of a November 2011 commentary in The Hindu
. Overseas owners were less than understanding of the German custom of paying a thirteenth monthly salary at Christmas . Government spending is using up a large share of the country s export revenues ’ . The
politicians prefer to postpone the inevitable by putting public money where private money will no longer go , because doing so allows creditors to maintain the fiction that the accounting value of the
Greek bonds that they hold need not be reduced . But the reality is that maintaining the livelihood and well-being of this area s population ’ and those in other rural parts of China is a serious challenge
. Throughout rural China , the spread of infectious diseases particularly hepatitis B – , which affects millions – reflects a lack of hygiene education . They are China s ’ last pristine rivers , but are
now slated for sacrifice to satisfy the country ’ s insatiable thirst for power . As part of the Quartet , including Russia , the UN , and the European Union , he has endorsed a Road Map “ ” for peace . Another
bitter irony was that , in areas that received assistance , neighboring farmers who cultivated food crops soon switched to cultivating poppy because then , too , could then qualify for aid . Not so long
ago , Germans and other Continental Europeans pointed to America 's " working poor , " as well as to the sorry state of public services in Britain , as defects that supposedly reflected the inevitable