We've had the same, roughly, abilities that developed civilizations as we know it. I think, you know, it's not just in our own country, but really we're exporting the system around the world, and when you
look at the data of least developed countries -- especially in cities, which are growing really rapidly -- people are eating American processed foods. And what we do is make sure that every time a box is
opened, there's something in it, some little reward that keeps people progressing and engaged. No, these are my cosmetic legs, actually, and they're absolutely beautiful. I was so proud. And if there was
a big emphasis at the time to separate men from women, the rituals around the Kaaba could have been designed accordingly. And then things get to be a little questionable. And you know, the extraordinary
part of it is I just simply had no answers. I had lost my belief. Go back to this image again and ask yourself, not only who made it and for who, but who knew how to make it. I tried out various computer
voices that were available online, and for several months I had a British accent, which Chaz called Sir Lawrence." So I know it's not possible. And once you make it there, the big question is where to start. In
the other, I was enmeshed in lives that were precarious, tragically scarred by violence, drug abuse and isolation. Today, I'm 6'1". Don't give any more information." So I said, "Yes." And she said, "And
where do, um, where do human women, like, where do women lay their eggs?" And I said, "Well, funny you should ask. How big a deal was this? Then we had some of the world's top economists, eight of the world's
top economists, including three Nobel Laureates, meet in Copenhagen in May 2004. They called their landlord a Wabenzi, meaning that he is a person who has enough money to drive a Mercedes-Benz. Buy "The
Purpose-Driven Life," or Satan will take your soul. We built this institution based on social justice, gender equity, this idea of empowering women. Bribes and corruption have both a demand and a supply
side, with the supply side being mostly of greedy corporate unethical businesses and hapless common man. And we also put a page on Facebook for the singers to upload their testimonials, what it was like
for them, their experience singing it. you can keep subtracting them -- as long as there's some, we can still communicate. Once they got over the shock, though, by and large people opted for somewhere between
70 to 95 percent or the 3 to 20 percent marks. BR: Yeah, that's our chef de cuisine, Chris Jones. This is not the only guy that just flips out when we assign a ridiculous task, but a lot of these ideas,
they're hard to understand. I make a rural woman to compete with multinationals. She did not have a normal bladder. This is a segment from CNN. It's been catapulted to international glory. Philanthropy is
the market for love. I mean literally every table, every chair in this apartment had yielded its original function to now serve as a surface for swaying stacks of books. So the first consistent component
of regret is basically denial. Those are then selected by the algorithm, reproduced with mutation and recombinations to introduce sex as well. this is Frank Gehry the architect's precursor to the Guggenheim
in Abu Dhabi. And the camera is down at her, and this guy has to put the microphone in her face, said, "What do you mean by that?" It's open source. It's something which everybody who's involved with it
develops and passes on as they work with it. When Allison Hunt found out that she needed a new hip -- and that Canada’s national health care system would require her to spend nearly 2 years on a waiting
list -- she took matters into her own hands. And we can rotate this charge space in four dimensions to get a better look at the strong interaction, And just as clearly, it is saying, "It's okay. It was all
so beautiful. The interesting thing about this as well, though -- -- is quite simply that not only were people connected with sound -- which is basically all of us, and we well know that music really is
our daily medicine. And anybody who came to see me had to cover themselves in a mask and cover all of the extraneous parts of their body. It's a hard problem because the water sloshes about, but it can do
it. This is a bleached coral, coral that died during the 1982-'83 El Nino. And I was like, "All we need is Alaska not to get the last memo, and here we go all over again." And there was a sincere concern
there. And it's going to be used for diet as well, and nutritional supplements and such. It's a new way of trying to make a documentary. Well, it's because its brain had been infected with a lancet fluke
that was -- needed to get into the belly of a sheep or a cow in order to reproduce. He can place those exactly where he wants. by redesigning bugs to make really useful products. It was work actually by Lionel
Penrose, father of Roger Penrose, the tiles guy. But we see the results of this technology, still. I began "The Vagina Monologues" because I was worried about vaginas. So it was much safer for me to land
at the bottom. And I realized so clearly in bringing my own life experience, from working with dying people and training caregivers, that any attachment to outcome would distort deeply my own capacity to
be fully present to the whole catastrophe. Sheena Iyengar: How to make choosing easier Why do we want to be involved? It was 80 billion U.S. dollars. They're everywhere, six billion a month in India. You want
to measure it by diversity? And here in China, Randy shot a jellyfish market. Since I thought that I might vanish within a day or a week, I had very big dreams. The challenge I have is how to do that. First,
we believe that before people turn over control to an autonomous car, that autonomous car should be at least as good as the very best human drivers. Jeff Han: I'm a research scientist at NYU in New York. We
must disenthrall ourselves, and then we shall save our country." And another way of thinking about this is the fact that, remember, you don't have to convince a robot that they're gonna receive 72 virgins
after they die to convince them to blow themselves up. Medicines for the poor, food relief for those who are hungry, and peacekeepers for those who are facing civil war. I think that -- that's a few years
back -- I think that wave is past, and the play wave is cresting, because there is some good science. We have a way to look at Earth like that, you know, "I am the man. The final man. And turnarounds are
part and parcel of what I have focused on for most of my professional career. And so I showed up in this dark, rambling New York apartment, and she called out to me, and she was in bed. While I was in Easter
Island, comet McNaught was there also, so you get a gratuitous picture of a moai with a comet. Remember, the deck was stacked against you. The second quotation is, "See things not as they are, It's a quote
from the "American Prometheus" book on Robert Oppenheimer. When I took photographs in these locations, I felt there was something missing in the pictures. Look at, look at the United States. It's a fantastic
example, a simple object. And this is not just philosophical, it's already known, that chemicals like diethylstilbestrol and estrogen, PCBs, DDT cross the placenta and effectively determine the likelihood
of developing breast cancer and obesity and diabetes already when the baby's in the womb. And this is a technique that I usually prefer in my work because people don't know they're being interviewed. And
window farmers in Finland have been customizing their window farms for the dark days of the Finnish winters by outfitting them with LED grow lights that they're now making open source and part of the project. And
given Jeopardy's average demographics, I think what that means is most of the people who saw me on that show are now dead. The way we're going to do this is fly him in and drop him off. Instead, they can
provide an environment and resources that tease out your natural ability to learn on your own. The Royal Tombs had been destroyed by suspected arson. And consolation behavior, it's empathy driven. Ken Robinson
is here. He talked about the glories of failure. It's about helping people to build lives of dignity, stability, economic autonomy, citizenship. Stop looking where you're going, turn, check your blind spot,
and drive down the road without looking where you're going. In other words, it starts off "once upon a time," the figures are in crayon, etc. His grandfather had these hallucinations. Namely, those who are
looking at Spam think potato chips are going to be quite tasty; those who are looking at Godiva chocolate think they won't be nearly so tasty. When they make a profit it is theirs to keep, not for the chief
to sequester it from them. As we move past the relatively gigantic mammals, birds, frogs and plants to the more elusive insects and other small invertebrates and then beyond to the countless millions of
organisms in the invisible living world enveloped and living within humanity? We also have found immune proteins related to infection and inflammation and proteins and DNA related to diet. I have this record,
this 1910 census of another Grabowski -- that's my maiden name -- and there's a Theodore, because there's always a Theodore. They yield to the slightest movement or motion or emotion. Now I would like to
have my own children, and I wonder about the boat. Then you have that perception that you are phony. So how are we supposed to live with this? But this piece is due out in May. Don't give any more information." Thirty
years have passed, and I still feel guilty about that prayer, for the next day, I learned that that missile landed on my brother's friend's home and killed him and his father, but did not kill his mother
or his sister. But the moment you set this as the default it has a huge power over whatever people end up doing. Let me start some place. I'm interested -- I kind of do the same thing, but I don't move my
body. I could barely stand up without feeling like I was going to faint. What they earn here -- what number they live on -- is how much they earn per day. We don't understand how it works yet, but we have
to. The olive oil that came in first was actually a bottle of Whole Foods 365 olive oil which had been oxidizing next to my stove for six months. And you look at them, and you see how they are. Why aren't
we in empty space? Anyway these women sat in front of an X-ray device. And they masturbated. Hooves? They don't have traditional hooves, but they do have one, like, big nail. You can see, this is the generator.
It's a crank generator. In fact, I think it's not better than it. The thing is -- -- it's more interesting to me. It's less boring for me. Rosie O'Donnell: Hello, Ben. These brainwaves are being analyzed
and we can see them as a graph. And everyone should open a beehive, because it is the most amazing, incredible thing. We do this all through software, algorithms and math -- a highly automated pipeline creating
these cities. and I thought, "Well, those silly Americans. So I was admitted, in 1973, in the spring of 1973, to the Institute of Living, which used to be called the Hartford Retreat. [In the] 20th century,
we gave Gandhi to the world. Here, used as a proxy, temperature variability. Although many of you already know that I do speak the Queen's English because I am from Queens, New York. To an ecologist, the
intersection of these is habitat, but to most people, the intersection of these is their home. Diplomats are locked in embassy compounds. culture,data,economics,global issues,happiness,statistics,tedbooks What
happens is that the second this introduction of incentive gets us so that instead of asking, "What is my responsibility?" Down on the lower left there are Ruddy Turnstones and Sanderlings. They are some
of our finest instruments, our new technology in the ocean today. Now wait a minute, we heard about a guy in Florida. That pencil-yellow crank was remembered by everybody. It's not just a whole lot of other
plants. because, you see, the early majority will not try something until someone else has tried it first. But the most interesting aspect about this is that if you look at those red lines at the bottom,
those indicate basically a parentage of a type of cornet that was no longer made. That does not happen in biology. So basically, what we're getting here is the sequel to "An Inconvenient Truth," in about
two minutes, and that actually brings up an interesting point about games. And if you're a performer that wants to collaborate or if you have a robot that needs entertainment representation, please contact
me, the Bot-Agent. And it turns out, that there was one telephone in Bangladesh for every 500 people. There isn't anybody in Washington lobbying to make it happen -- or in those municipalities, to build
out their cities with these wireless networks -- because there's zero ongoing communications cost. It tells us something about why we see limited behavior change in Africa. A year later -- orange and white
is maximum blood flow. Now, what did we do? We're cowards, but we're smart cowards. It said "David, age 10." And so this starts in four weeks, at the end of the summer, There are generalists and also specialists
in the field of aerodynamics in the field of building gliders. The poor also are willing to make, and do make, smart decisions, if you give them that opportunity. And we have a pretty good idea, for most
of them, why. Human rights is also important, but it just gets one cross. It's not too big -- about the size of a golf ball. in any individual collision. and monkeys, of course, are supposed to be the happiest
of all animals. I found fertility at birth, and I looked at total fertility rate per woman. Barnett Newman had a famous quote that "the impulse of modern art is the desire to destroy beauty" -- which was
considered bourgeois or tacky. And I think we can do that in public life more generally. Theo Jansen creates new creatures Well, if you teach, if you worship in the temple of learning, do not mock the gods, And
then again, this is a found object, a little fan that I found. Raise your hand if you think you know. So I want to first show you some interviews with people who were on the bridge on opening day, who will
describe what happened. They're the ones who know what society is going to be like in another generation. So, one of the fundamental problems we have in cancer is that, right now, we describe it by a number
of adjectives, symptoms: In the imagination I saw the endless possibility of life, the endless truth, the permanent creation of reality, the place where anger was an expression in the search for love, a
place where dysfunction is a true reaction to untruth. This picture was taken last year. We are a company in the field of automation, and we'd like to do very lightweight structures because that's energy
efficient, and we'd like to learn more about pneumatics and air flow phenomena. And lightning struck. I want them to be Marines. That's the challenge. Okay, so, now, what we -- in the journey of wheat, let's
go back and look at these 12 stages. I've always been very worried about resource. Another thing it's good for is navigation -- it can guide you around in a city. And these ants are called harvester ants
because they eat seeds. So there's this thing that is pulling me in both directions. If I had not grown up in Nigeria, and if all I knew about Africa were from popular images, I too would think that Africa
was a place of beautiful landscapes, beautiful animals, and incomprehensible people, fighting senseless wars, dying of poverty and AIDS, unable to speak for themselves and waiting to be saved by a kind,
white foreigner. Barricelli, he came to do what we now call, really, artificial life, trying to see if, in this artificial universe -- I had a good time. This is a long, slow process -- One of the things
I like about it, it's multi-generation. He said, "If you leave and go to that Hawaii thing, it's over with us." She said, "It's over." When I finished that night, she called him and left a message -- true
story -- at the top of the World Trade Center where he worked, saying, "Honey, I love you, I just want you to know I want to marry you. It was stupid of me." She was asleep, because it was 3 a.m. for us,
when he called her back from the top and said, "Honey, I can't tell you what this means." He said, "I don't know how to tell you this, but you gave me the greatest gift because I'm going to die." And she
played the recording for us in the room. the final pitch that's going to send me into space. These early wasps gave rise to the bees and the ants that have covered the world and changed the biosphere. And
here is the last bit. Well, I take everyday problems, and I make puzzles out of them. Yes, 97.5 percent is saltwater, two percent is ice, and we fight over a half a percent of the water on this planet, but
here too there is hope. Because seeds, in all their diverse glory, are plants' futures. It's a comment on the way in which we deal with public seating in the city of New York. Head injuries are bad for you.
They lead to Parkinson’s disease. And just remember, at very least tacitly, this is what we're teaching children as what they should be doing. So we're sharing tools and technology and language with another
species. they have sex, they burrow into your liver, And one thing that shocked me is one day they brought an Arab musician to come and entertain the soldiers. And what I'm going to try -- I hope I make the
following points. There's a lot of other stuff here, but I don't have time. It's time to start designing for our ears. In the pen beside him is Jasmine. Let's see some of the geckos move with some video, and
then I'll show you a little bit of a clip of the robots. Now this is something that's been known for quite a while. OK, one more time -- I'm just going to give you a little help. Or did you get close to what
we came up with here? Umar is seven years old, and he's from northern Nigeria. This is a distribution of wrong answers to one of Andrew's assignments. We're sending his marrow across the country to save the
life of a child with leukemia. We've shown you may be able to stop and reverse the progression of early prostate cancer and, by extension, breast cancer, simply by making these changes. But even when I take
it away, the illusion is so powerful because of how are brains are wired to find those certain kinds of patterns. I mean, 50,000 blogs are started a day, I remember standing on the roof of the Ministry of
Justice in downtown Port-au-Prince. He has given us the possibility to have dreams and to make true the dreams. So, our planet has spent the vast majority of its 4.56 billion year history developing life,
not anticipating its emergence. Now let's turn to two countries, Country A and Country B. And we're going to do it again in the next 25 years. And thus was born the project called Remark, Three years and two
children later, we raised this 50,000-square-foot lace net. agriculture,cities,food,technology,water Conrad Wolfram: Teaching kids real math with computers They seem very, very obsessed with finding out more
about the ideal mate. And it's beginning to tell us a lot about evolution. I am not making this up. And I think, from an engineering perspective, you think of multiplexing. So this guy's listening to my voice
here. And then I realize the octopus won the arms race, because I was out and he had six left. and have let people download it for free. I did. The ceremony happened. And when the resources came, be it oil,
we started building these fancy technologies and bringing people together because we needed the concentration. When I knew I was going to come to speak to you, I thought, "I gotta call my mother." After
traveling so much and meeting so many people, let me tell you, there are just as many jerks and sweethearts and Democrats and Republicans and jocks and queens and every other polarization you can possibly
think of within the LGBT community as there are within the human race. The Maori twins with the tattooed bum? We live in one world. How do the media talk about schools and teachers? where you give the guaranteed
price for investment in renewable energy, but you can subsidize electricity to poor people. And the kind of social network I'm talking about is not the recent online variety, but rather, the kind of social
networks that human beings have been assembling for hundreds of thousands of years, ever since we emerged from the African savannah. Whatever it is, whatever this new economy is, what we need the economy
to do, in fact, is to put investment back into the heart of the model, to re-conceive investment. OK. Hands up: anyone in the audience who's not sure whether malaria is a good thing or a bad thing? This
is an immediate relief. Janine di Giovanni: What I saw in the war And I let them go for about 10 seconds, then I go, "At ease!" We need to face our fears and take back our streets, our cities, our neighborhoods. It's
been seen nearly 200 million times this year. So, that gives you a kind of flavor of the kind of people we have there. So, various ways to map and tag are also the work of many designers nowadays. We're not
just talking about a few videos, A Childhood Walk, which is a project where I ask people to remember a walk that they used to take as a child over and over again that was sort of meaningless -- like on
the route to the bus stop, to a neighbor's house, and take it inside of Google Streetview. These parts of the brain are quieting down. He's not thinking about his family or anybody else at this point, and
he's working pretty hard. Just to give you an example from Iran, He said, "Well, I think I hear it through here." They have here Qatar. Sheep were the first animal to be raised from mechanically processed
byproducts, the first to be selectively bred for production traits, the first animal to be cloned. It is a need. It is an urge. And convenient is not something that you drive for an hour and charge for eight. If
you had a prescription pad, if you had a nurse, if you had a hospital that would give you a place to convalesce, maybe some basic tools, you really could do it all. In particular, the notion is that if
you see things or hear things, you're going mad, but the psychotic hallucinations are quite different. And the memory system is sitting over the sensory part of the brain. There must be some call to action. So
it's how New York communicates with other international cities. So what's the best? DP: What are you guys doing? On it, everyone you love, everyone you know, everyone you've ever heard of, every human being
who ever was lived out their lives. God damn it. The dunes here move southward at a pace of around 600 meters a year. It's the Minister of Defense with whom we're working, not the Minister of Education, because
it is seen as in the sense of liberating these zones that had been completely closed off, in which the people who had been causing, if you will, 40 years' worth of bombings and kidnappings and assassinations
lived. I didn't want to tell my grandmother about it because I was scared I'd get in trouble for playing somewhere I shouldn't have been. It wasn't glamour as a quality -- you "cast a glamour." If I'm cooking,
the door is shut, the kids are out, the phone's on the hook, if she comes in I get annoyed. And now look at the chart. And I repeat it for the continent. And there are three main problems that we've observed
with the way things work currently. What determines any decision you make? So, Neil Gershenfeld showed you this video on Wednesday, I believe, but I'll show you again. This guy specializes in pit vipers. And
it does something that no other plant that I know of does, and that is that when it flowers -- that's the spadix in the middle there -- for a period of about two days, it metabolizes in a way which is
rather similar to mammals. Architectural photography is extremely glamorous. It puts you into this special, special world. I think all of those forces worked in a very bad way in the stock market. A neighborhood
has a thing -- it's got a landmark, it's got a place, it's got a restaurant. It doesn't have a logo. I mean, what would that be? It has 30,000 children on those building sites. We could avoid about 500,000
people dying, but perhaps more importantly, we could avoid about a [million] people getting infected every year. and yet it's tremendously important. So, the nature of the building is that it looks at looking
-- I mean that's its primary objective, Now, if you think about democracy from this perspective, a new pluralistic notion of democracy would be one that recognizes that there are many different interests,
many different agendas, many different individuals, many different points of view. and this was a sequence of images. Because the truth is that any work that you do that involves interaction with other people
is moral work. It was made to play Hawaiian music back in the 1920s, before they had electric guitars, trying to make a loud guitar. But why is it important? Isn't it strange to see that the United States
first grew the economy, and then gradually got rich? I think more influential than Emily Dickinson or Coleridge or Wordsworth on my imagination were Warner Brothers, Merrie Melodies and Loony Tunes cartoons. health
care,medicine,technology The outrage was so swift, so voluminous, so unanimous, that the Council of Argyll and Bute reversed themselves the same day and said, "We would, we would never censor a nine-year-old." She
was beaten every single day by her husband, who was unemployed. You won't be able to withstand them. And so they can do a simulation like this. Some women have those heart attacks, but a whole bunch of women
have this kind of heart attack, where it erodes, doesn't completely fill with clot, symptoms are subtle, EKG findings are different -- female-pattern. Have you been watching the commercials? That's the instructions
for running -- Actually, you could say I grew up in the capital of Dominican Republic, otherwise known as Washington Heights in New York City. And at each one of these stages, can be seen as a collision
-- a collision with something else -- for example, a critical price-line that changes both the technology and also changes its effect on the world. It's an inflection point. But the kids six to 12 years
old are surfing the Internet in Spanish and in local languages, so the children grow up with a window into the rest of the world. Okay, so in other words, great artists steal, but not from me. So we better
be damn sure -- and by the way, they didn't even have fun doing it, most of them -- so we better be damn sure that we know why we're doing that and it has a real purpose. You and everyone else. This is
the safe way to drive. it seemed like too much of a coincidence. But we're not there yet. That means that those of us in this room who are less than 50 or 60 years old will see how these paradoxes are resolved,
and those of us who are over the age of 60 may not see the resolution, but our children and grandchildren certainly will. Behold, patent infringement via mobile device -- defined as a computer which is
not stationary. One of my mentors in life was Norman Borlaug, my hero. And then we go a further step -- we tell them what they can do. And the third one said, "I think the bridge does exist, but the dam upstream
of the bridge was closed, so the river should actually have been dry, so this doesn't make sense." I've been known to mess with things like chain link fencing. What might? I believe that what might solve
the problem is infrastructure. But what I'm going to tell you about today is how these tissues make awesome models. So his algorithm essentially tells these robots how to autonomously build from truss-like
elements. I have in my pocket a check made out to the parent organization to the TED organization, the Sapling Foundation -- a check for $7,100 to be applied toward my attendance for next year's TED. The
real homeless don't have hope." This is in Sapporo. That's enough to provide care to all the people in America who don't have it. A second argument would be: because it was sitting on a stove with the flame
on -- that's an historical argument. So for example, here's the same sentence written in English and the same sentence written in Dutch using the same letters of the alphabet. We do that for all the words
and phrases that appear in those books, and that gives us a big table of two billion lines that tell us about the way culture has been changing. When I spent my first weeks at Panzi hospital I sat with
women who sat and lined up every day to tell me their stories. These myriad voices of humanity are not failed attempts at being new, failed attempts at being modern. They are pictured here for their 25th
anniversary Newsweek retrospective on the Internet. By raking it off the backs of their suffering people. Well, the other hot button is parenting. One day she said to me, "My wish is to finish college and
be able to support my children." She's at a place where she can't find money to go to school. "I feel like I'm diagonally parked in a parallel universe." And today, that fall hasn't stopped; Let me tell you
about Saima. Imagine this sign everywhere -- except imagine it doesn't say College Bakery, imagine it says YouTube and Facebook and Twitter. Natural selection also explains such as the horrid smell of rotting
meat, or fears, such as the fear of snakes or standing close to the edge of a cliff. And when the mathematics is very simple -- when in terms of some mathematical notation, you can write the theory in a
very brief space, without a lot of complication -- that's essentially what we mean by beauty or elegance. And I think that is where we have to start in terms of thinking about building from our ideas in
life. She came to me bloated, very pale. He has a telephone booth. Please congratulate your children's team from my side." I think that there are many problems to come, but with help, I'm sure I'm going to
find solutions. And I hope you all take part. Well, we're running out of time. One more thing I want to talk about is, you know, just a spark of idea and development is not good enough. But I was absolutely
stuck on the idea of "art is" and trying to determine what art was. But her dream of Coal River Mountain Wind And she might not get to see that mountaintop. Instead of "go anywhere, do anything you want,"
we actually created a regime that required prior assessment of where you're going and a duty to prevent significant harm. Because the Internet and connection technologies are connecting them across the
world. One of the things about appearing later on in the TED week is that, gradually, as the days go by, all the other speakers cover most of what you were going to say. There was this equation in my family
that went something like this: if you are intelligent, you therefore are not spiritual. and we can get there if we all pull together to take it one stroke at a time. And we're encouraging others to do it
as well. Economist Eleni Gabre-Madhin outlines her ambitious vision to found the first commodities market in Ethiopia. Her plan would create wealth, minimize risk for farmers and turn the world's largest
recipient of food aid into a regional food basket. This is a hint that I've gotten from watching the ways that social scientists have learned about human errors. It's our reaction to the events that are
staged in front of us. CA: Boys and girls watching, study physics. And now 4,000 churches have joined the environmental movement. A famous quotation can be found -- if you look on the web, you can find it
in literally scores of English core syllabuses -- "In or about December 1910, human nature changed." At Serious Play 2008, Charles Elachi shares stories from NASA's legendary Jet Propulsion Lab -- including
tales and video from the Mars Rover project. Simultaneously, they branch off in the mid-50s, 10 years after the Second World War, showing very clearly that the great acceleration of the human enterprise
starts in the mid-50s. Why was it effective? Two-and-a-half years ago, I fainted from exhaustion. And that became the baseline of what I was doing. And it also became the theme that I felt that I could hold
onto, and not have to re-invent myself -- It is a deep sense of serenity and fulfillment, a state that actually pervades and underlies all emotional states, and all the joys and sorrows that can come one's
way. And bringing those two together might seem a very daunting task, And every one of us gets sick, and the question really is, how sick do we get? Is it something that kills us? It doesn't change key, the
notes are long, And when I say manipulated, I'm talking about in a Darwinian sense, right? No one knew what was there. It was utterly unmapped at the time. We knew more about the surface of the moon than
we did about the heart of Antarctica. This kind of data can become routine. And again, when we unveiled it, there was a sort of nervousness that this was about an architect making a statement, not an architect
who was attempting to solve a series of problems. And it's so interesting that I thought I would tell you about it. Well, one thing that animals seem to do is, they eat poo -- coprophagia. So the risks are
very great. Well, that's what happened in the Indian Ocean during the 1998 El Nino, an area vastly greater than the size of North America and Europe, when 80 percent of all the corals bleached and a quarter
of them died. But in the computational universe, we've now seen how rules that are incredibly simple can produce incredibly rich and complex behavior. So throughout vertebrates, the design of the brain stem
is very similar to ours, which is one of the reasons why I think those other species have conscious minds like we do. This is in Venice. So if you look at all those studies I showed you, the total number
of samples worldwide is 86 at present. Government institutions were completely decapitated, including the presidential palace. About seven years ago, they faced extinction, because Israel announced it would
build a separation barrier, and part of this barrier would be built on top of the village. You can find out about the latest security incident. Your headmaster said to you -- I mean he found you kind of
an enigma at your school -- he said, you're either going to be a millionaire or go to prison, and I'm not sure which. He didn't call it the hypotenuse, he called it the shortcut distance." And I still kept
-- so, in the last year I've been spending time with heads of state and generals and tribal chiefs who all want this, and I keep saying, but this isn't the real thing. Well it starts from a very basic premise:
of course, there's no God. The Sardinians pray. The Seventh-Day Adventists pray. So to do that, what you really need to do, you need to look at the things that the genes are producing and what's happening
after the genetics, and that's what proteomics is about. A lot of people in this room make a good living But the electron also has a neutral partner called the neutrino, with no electric charge and a very
tiny mass. Now, this situation changed, of course, after 9-11, because George Bush launched the War on Terror. When I put that to the President of Sierra Leone, the next day he asked the World Bank to send
him a team to give expertise on how to conduct auctions. Very intriguing photograph. And she makes them so they could either be broken up into payments, or they could be like these, which are leaves that
can be payments. The second task is fuel efficiency. Okay? And I like to exhibit these paintings in the exhibition halls without labels, and then I ask people, "Which one do you prefer?" becoming lemurs not
much later. Dilbert already knows, of course. I'm just talking about the particular night that she died. It was all over the papers. RSW: No. What did he say? But more significantly, they gave me the ability
to believe, totally, to believe that I could. These percentages won't come down because people can survive 10 to 20 years. You'd probably kick me out, or something. Obviously, I don't want people to do this,
because as an advertising man I tend to regard saving as just consumerism needlessly postponed. I have never, ever experienced anything like that in my life. And we've come to a place where we have no choice
but to recognize, as individualistic as we want to be, complexity requires group success. It was like, 160 dollars for this? And the core of these key actors who represent different interests inside countries. If
you've been in a restaurant kitchen, you've seen how much food, water and energy can be wasted there. Chef Arthur Potts-Dawson shares his very personal vision for drastically reducing restaurant, and supermarket,
waste -- creating recycling, composting, sustainable engines for good . the places are the same. These cables still connect these classic port cities, places like Lisbon, Mombasa, Mumbai, Singapore, New
York. And the United States is responsible for almost one half of the world's military spending -- four percent of the world's population. We love to circle around things. We circle around flags, and then
we can trust each other. And so we left my father fast asleep, because I knew he'd kill me if I let her go by herself, and we get in the car. The Dietrich book was an observation by her daughter; it was
a biography. The Air Force started to build smaller models and actually started doing this. Yeah. All right. The next step would be to put this molecule into mice. Because Sony Music had registered Chris Brown's
video in our Content ID system, within seconds of attempting to upload the video, giving Sony the choice of what to do next. It's a bit eerie, isn't it? And that was the round journey. It took that long
for anyone to have any impact and get some feedback. But what if we reframed Ehrlich further? But the people getting into these city leagues were people who were taking their cues from the West. It was only
because of our passports. They were in the lab working, and they saw the work, not as schoolwork, but as their lives. In the west we have the Gilbert Islands. In the center we have the Phoenix Islands, which
is the subject that I'm talking about. And then over to the east we have the Line Islands. I was lucky because one, also, my mom did something that most women don't do. and from the moment she starts thinking
about having a child, she starts thinking about making room for that child. And you can follow these channels and you can see how they all converge. Now a lot of you are probably familiar with Deb Roy who,
back in March, demonstrated how he was able to analyze more than 90,000 hours of home video. In fact, I'd got an 800. And he thought I did very well -- and I did, too -- in the arts: this was my passion. So
you think of alternative mechanical parts. Jonas Bendiksen, a very energetic photographer, came to me and said, "We need to document this, and here's my proposal. Let's go all over the world and photograph
every single slum around the world." And I said, "Well, you know, that might be a bit ambitious for our budget." So instead, what we did was we decided to, instead of going out and doing what would result
in what we'd consider sort of a survey story -- where you just go in and see just a little bit of everything -- we put Jonas into Dharavi, which is part of Mumbai, India, and let him stay there, and really
get into the heart and soul of this really major part of the city. Ass kickin' guys who were fed up with all that white supremacist, powers-that-be bullshit, and just went in there and kicked everybody's
arse. They can sit two feet in front of the world's finest. The students celebrate the end of this tour de force by using JACK to write all sorts of cool games like Pong, Snake and Tetris. But no, this guy
isn't slowing down. I was prosecuted under the 1889 Venereal Diseases Act and the 1916 Indecent Advertisements Act. They've got to trek under sweltering suns to some of the most remote, difficult to reach
places in the world. I worked up a portfolio, and I was headed to New York. Moderator: Two minutes. I literally grew up with the Ford Motor Company. Dr. Jason Topping: My name is Jason Topping. Before the 2030s
happen, we'll have it. And I'll kind of let it speak for itself. Sex. There's an awful lot of fast sex around, isn't there? And if you lose where you are in your biosphere, or are perhaps having a difficulty
connecting with where you are in the biosphere, I would say to you, take a deep breath. which means that I can practice everything I need to practice, in safety, before I ever jump out of anything. Thanks
very much, Costa. I mean, you'd think this is the result of some tabletop experiment, but this is the result of worldwide chaotic behavior -- countries accusing each other of dumping products, IPOs, bankruptcies,
marketing programs. It's not bad. Let's summon the best designer, the mother of all designers. Let's see what evolution can do for us. User-generated content, spreading in businesses in extraordinarily valuable
ways like these, celebrating amateur culture. And I was really good at school. Athlete, actor and activist Aimee Mullins talks about her prosthetic legs -- she's got a dozen amazing pairs -- and the superpowers
they grant her: speed, beauty, an extra 6 inches of height ... Quite simply, she redefines what the body can be. If I spin this pulley, the small one's going to spin much faster. What of the temples of justice,
Whose servants enslave us all? I get a breath of tear gas and I can't breathe. I teach high school math. And it's this amazing robot that plays chess extremely well, except for one thing: it's not a robot
at all. And I'm honored to meet you, the future leaders of Great Britain and this world. you know, we have an LDL level of 140 for a male aged 50. You don't need a lot of equipment to set up a production
facility. And here we're coiling them up. A human hair is about the smallest thing that the eye can see. He was not really thinking too carefully about the ASPCA. Just me and God-given talent. I mean, companies
are all about finding the right people, inspiring those people, you know, drawing out the best in people. And I just love learning and I'm incredibly inquisitive and I love taking on, you know, the status
quo and trying to turn it upside down. He said -- he called what he'd done as making -- they didn't call it a vacuum pump at the time. So, the match was ended in between. So a crystal that will ring if that
happens. You're wrong. that is the kind of incubation and advocacy that I work towards, in working with young, black artists. And everywhere in the world, 129 out of 130 of them, women are not only moving
into the job market -- sometimes very, very slowly, but they are moving into the job market -- and they are very slowly closing that gap between men and women in terms of economic power, health and education. Actually,
most of them. And just a few months ago in my lab, we were able to take these very same molecules and make cells with them. Oddly enough, an artist such as myself finds herself also in the position of being
the voice, the speaker of my people, even if I have, indeed, no access to my own country. Let's start with how I got to this point. He got together in his lab 300 men, a measuring tape, and a movie camera. And
angel investors in America put in money into that. They have a 1-800-GENOCIDE number -- this is going to sound very kitsch, but for those of you who may not be, I mean, may be apolitical, but interested
in doing something about genocide, you dial 1-800-GENOCIDE and you type in your zip code, and you don't even have to know who your congressperson is. I'm going to trap mockingbirds all across the nation
and put them gently into mason jars like mockingbird Molotov cocktails. And you have to really wonder who are the laws made for, and who has gotten above the laws. data,global issues,population,presentation,religion Now,
coltan you will find in almost every mobile phone, in almost every laptop and games console. So what this bird does is fight his own image. And then we just simply translate that into sound. Well, what we've
seen is the creation, in places like Iraq and Afghanistan, of democratic systems of government which haven't had any of those side benefits. And no, I don't know how it works into the whole puzzling scheme
of things, but obviously I know a coded message when I see one. Her father died soon after she was born. Maybe I would have bought the ice cream when I did some other errand." He waits three days, And so when
you see on the market these systems that have just a few light emitting diodes on the side and are very low resolution, it's nice that they exist because it still is better than nothing. So, for example,
here is a real network of college students at an elite northeastern university. Mitchell Besser: Remember the images I showed you of how few doctors and nurses there are in Africa. One gram of gold So it's
a very precious thing that we're using to dye our foods. So for do-it-yourselfers, we provide free, very well-tested instructions so that anyone, anywhere around the world, can build one of these systems
for free. How do we ensure that it creates a more inclusive technology, a technology which means that not only as we grow older, that we can also grow wiser, and that we're able to support the populations
of the future? We'd be pretty uncomfortable. I won't go there. disease,genetics,medical research,medicine,science It was a very small village -- a weekly bazaar where people, just once in a week, they put
in all the vats. To build all this, we destroy a lot. And let's cut the crap for a second. I broke some bones in my feet. We'd lay on top of that the soils and the waters, and illuminate the landscape. I'm
not an evil man. Pepper spray and tasers are in increasing use by both police and military, and more exotic non-lethal weapons such as heat rays are in the works. At TEDxCanberra, ethicist Stephen Coleman
explores the unexpected consequences of their introduction and asks some challenging questions. 3,000 employees. He kept every one of them on the payroll. It's just a euphemism for killing, right? as I was
lifted up on that winch line into the helicopter and looked down at my trusty little boat rolling around in the 20 foot waves and wondering if I would ever see her again. And you might think, "Well, how
can that be? There's been four billion years of organic, biological life. So I will talk of what I remember as the most wonderful. We had progress in elections -- all of this with the so-called light footprint. So,
what it says to me then is that it's not really -- the problem isn't really the stories that are being told or which stories are being told, And yet, we've been trained to squint into this legal microscope,
hoping that we can judge any dispute against the standard of a perfect society, where everyone will agree what's fair, and where accidents will be extinct, risk will be no more. Even if you ignore the scientific
value of this thing, just look at the monetary value of this thing. We criticized people a lot in Bosnia for being quite slow to take on war criminals. And they were going to spend the rest of their lives,
usually, in this iron lung to breathe for them. This is a condition in which the heart fails, and instead of being able to pump all the blood forward, some of the blood backs up into the lung, the lungs
fill up with blood, and that's why you have shortness of breath. AM: Well, these are my pretty legs. But really, truly -- often you think about letting go way before your body does. It's a noun that loosely
translates to "to be greater than another." Right? You agree. Everybody was very friendly, especially I got a lot of friends. In the year 2000, 80 percent of the world's coltan was sourced to the killing
fields of the eastern Democratic Republic of Congo. It's a quote from the "American Prometheus" book on Robert Oppenheimer. I'm only a level four, but I desperately want to be a level 10, because they've
got that cool red badge thing, and that means that I am somehow better than everyone else. What constitutes a viral species is still unresolved, although they're obviously of enormous importance to us. Bill
Gates, fortunately, has bet a billion on [agricultural] research. Let's go to 40,000 years before the present, to the time of the cultural explosion, when music, art, technology, so many of the things that
we're enjoying today, so many of the things that are being demonstrated at TED And the anthropologist Randall White has made a very interesting observation: that if our ancestors 40,000 years ago had been
able to see what they had done, they wouldn't have really understood it. There are also a number of features that vary between continents like that that have to do with how we metabolize food that we ingest,
or that have to do with how our immune systems deal with microbes that try to invade our bodies. Normal. Let's get on schools, something that I'm fairly much a specialist in. Discovered by a Tennessee baker
in 1996. I urge you to do something. You always have to be slightly bored with everything. Now the Journal of the National Medical Association gave my memoir a full clinical review, which is very unusual. It
was about 115 degrees. Another one of my favorite dishes: General Tso's Chicken -- which, by the way, in the US Naval Academy is called Admiral Tso's Chicken. So he made a channel in here, and the chest
moves up and down in that channel. Woman: Take a step here. There's a lower chance of rejection. So for example, the invention of language was a tiny step in that direction. I think the take-home message though
is that we can improve the real quality of human life by reducing the differences in incomes between us. where people don't have to die of infections anymore if you can seal the thing up. And what they were
saying on this occasion was that our competitors had to build new buildings for the new technology. The idea is that the player can basically design anything they can think of in this editor, and we'll
basically bring it to life. I thought, I need to retreat into something else. If they have to pay for it, they use it. You must have taken tea in the morning. So, I think it is simple to say just because the
U.K. isn't India the difference is happening. On my way here on the airplane, I was walking up and down the aisle of the plane. And you can power the entire U.S. vehicle fleet with 73,000 to 145,000 five-megawatt
wind turbines. So maybe you could interview her." The second one was about a woman complaining because three minivans with six bearded men pulled up and started interrogating her on the spot for talking
to a man who wasn't related to her. We have to tell our daughters and our colleagues, we have to tell ourselves to believe we got the A, to reach for the promotion, to sit at the table, and we have to do
it in a world where, for them, there are sacrifices they will make for that, even though for their brothers, there are not. Galileo -- he had the Inquisition, so he had to be a little bit more polite --
his was, "It’s not in the middle, you know." The people that built my school also built the prison and the insane asylum out of the same materials. So there are areas of the brain that are dedicated to controlling
your movement or your vision or your memory or your appetite, and so on. I'm suggesting that with training you can imbue a musical sound with significance, even in a cat. They have touched me throughout
my 68 years. and three days later, a pilot was flying over the landscape and found this thing. But if you're like me, my humanity is more like a window. So, next time you are really depressed, look in the
mirror and you can look and say, hi, I'm looking at a star here. It's being used in Uganda to give some psychological help to ex-child soldiers. And the adrenal glands make androgens, which are a masculinizing
hormone. Here, used as a proxy, temperature variability. It was a jumpy ride. 80,000 years back in a crisis, we leave Africa, we colonize Australia in another crisis, 60,000 years back, we leave Asia for
Europe in another crisis, 40,000 years back, and then we enter the remarkably stable Holocene phase, the only period in the whole history of the planet, that we know of, that can support human development. Internet,computers,statistics,visualizations,web "The
poor are uneducated and cannot do much." And he again had to travel to the school to get the information from the teacher, stored it in the only portable memory he has, which is inside his own head, and
take it with him, because that is how information was being transported from teacher to student and then used in the world. And I tried taking the dried food waste, putting it to the worms, going, "There
you go, dinner." And I think we have a caller coming in here. And I finally came across this fantastic quote by a British playwright, William Archer: "Drama is anticipation mingled with uncertainty." It's
an incredibly insightful definition. ... help us find children who can participate in Project Prakash.) PS: So, as I zoom in to the eyes of this child, you will see the cause of his blindness. You may have
heard about the Koran's idea of paradise being 72 virgins, They found a treasure trove of documents: 700 biographical sketches of foreign fighters. Why did I say that? And I realized when I'd come into the
meetings with these corrugated metal and chain link stuff, and people would just look at me like I'd just landed from Mars. But I couldn't do anything else. So, you're in a big corporation. But the truth
is that never happens. I'd like you to just sit back and experience for a couple of minutes being taken into another world. The only cost in most flocks is a loss of free mating. They can literally turn from
green to white because of the sucking, piercing of those spiders. Do you see that coming, really, truly, or just on a few key routes? But looking at Goldman Sachs' work -- we had the famous BRIC Report. But
then you also find people's blogs, and those are the records of people who are writing daily -- not necessarily about the same topic, but things that interest them. I keep thinking about these kids with
no arms. I'm actually more critical of the men who won't take responsibility for their own children and of an economic system that makes it difficult for many men to earn enough money to support those children. And
this animation, this shows photosynthetic activity over the course of a number of years, That is having real impact in a country like Ethiopia, and it's why you see their child mortality numbers coming
down 25 percent from 2000 to 2008. We have a huge vested interest in it, partly because it's education that's meant to take us into this future that we can't grasp. So, when I get those calls about performance,
that's one thing. Now it's a little extreme, I admit. And then we apply all these other principles like transparency, professional management, measurable results, What we did was we formulated recipes --
how to go from a starting situation where you have nothing to a target situation. My estimation is that probably 45 of you are absolutely passionate about classical music. HK: He's a French robot. And when
you go to Skype, it's down to two people. That took a genome project from 13 years down to four months. If you believe, as most of you probably do, that it's hotter in summer than in winter because we're
closer to the Sun, you must have drawn an ellipse. We need a dedicated observatory that looks for comets. Tiny, little word, 33 numbered definitions. So if you look at the cell like that from the immune system,
they're actually moving all over the place. And the choice of the action, of course, And of course, there's no use in storage if you can't use [it]. My grandmother never let me forget his life. So what was
a business man in the brave new world of East European capitalism going to do to make sure that his contracts would be honored? Next thing you knew, there's a full page covering us positively, January 22nd,
2006, which changed our lives forever, And there was something incredibly profound about sitting down with my closest friends and telling them what they meant to me. She's being baptized. But then, unfortunately,
he said, "And what else, my child?" This did not stop Masters and Johnson. Clearly a complex problem, but is it complicated? In the face of death and destruction, our mundane differences evaporated, and we
all became one even if for a few hours. I wrote, over 20 years ago in "The Age of Intelligent Machines," when the Soviet Union was going strong, that it would be swept away by this growth of decentralized
communication. Now, if I compare that to a cotton towel that I can use a thousand times, I don't have a whole lot of embodied energy until I wash that yogurty towel. TD: So, every one of you who has come
here is so talented, and you have so much to offer to the world, I think it would be a good note to conclude on then to just take a moment to appreciate how fortunate we are to have come together in this
way and exchanged ideas and really form a strong aspiration and energy within ourselves that we will take the good that has come from this conference, the momentum, the positivity, and we will spread that
and plant it in all of the corners of the world. I met him at a 46664 event. So sand is about a tenth of a millimeter in size. Natural selection also explains many basic revulsions, such as the horrid smell
of rotting meat, or fears, such as the fear of snakes or standing close to the edge of a cliff. very beautifully regulated and highly repeated, trial to trial. But that is actually changing. That's how you
keep a huge outbreak from spreading, and it shows what can happen when local people have the data in their hands; they can save lives. So, you might be wondering why it is that, every time we have high
oil prices or an oil spill, we call these CEOs down to Washington, and we sort of pepper them with questions in public and we try to shame them. Give us a sense of how much the campaign costs a year. that's
my new title. If you make people self-conscious about their judgments, studies show you will make them make worse judgments. We can say to our children, OK, done, that was our story. That passed. Then the
Allied forces went through his collections and found the paintings and went after the people who sold it to him. In our fuel cells, we do it with platinum; life does it with a very, very common iron. One
of the biggest enemies are the storms. OK. Now. If something absorbs the energy, the electron can travel. And — — no problem, but, unfortunately, continuing with the scientific examination of this painting
came out that Rafael did not paint the unicorn, did not paint the puppy dog, actually left the painting unfinished, so all this writing about the exotic symbol of the unicorn — — unfortunately, is not
very reliable. But that helped me, I think, become a better teacher. And if we repeat this process to like 10 different people and all of them agree on what the new word is, then we get one more word digitized
accurately. The human population is growing very rapidly and is growing exponentially. A wise friend introduced us two. So what does this tell us about the future? Many of you already must have thought, OK,
you can browse. In other words, it is theoretically possible that before too long we will be biotechnologically capable of creating human beings that glow in the dark. And actually, over these 150 years,
there has been a very clear class system that also has emerged. PUMA has 2.7 billion dollars of turnover, 300 million dollars of profits, 200 million dollars after tax, 94 million dollars of externalities,
cost to business. There is a lot of people who think about all these poor people, "Oh there's terrible things. We've got to fix their housing." But I got the new Libra poster, and I started to read my new
Libra horoscope, and I was astonished to find that it was also totally me. It wasn't until years later, looking back on this whole age-of-reason/change-of-birthday thing, that it dawned on me: I wasn't
turning seven when I thought I turned seven. I had a whole other month to do anything I wanted to before God started keeping tabs on me. I grew up in a very small village in Canada, and I'm an undiagnosed
I had a really hard time in school. We can do something here. In Kibera, each year we cover more roofs. This is an image I've made out of lots and lots of Vicodin. And what the Russians are doing is they're
building these detectors and immersing them about a kilometer beneath the surface of the lake so that they can watch for these flashes of blue light. Here are shrimp boats employed. They eject it to the
surface where it floats, and it is picked up by an autonomous airplane, and it's brought back to the laboratory within 24 hours of the eruption. Now, I've laughed every time I've read this. Psychologist
Jonathan Haidt studies the five moral values that form the basis of our political choices, whether we're left, right or center. In this eye-opening talk, he pinpoints the moral values that liberals and
conservatives tend to honor most. And I'm sure you all know, this has created significant conflicts between the agricultural and environmental communities. The majority of the planet, aspiring for development,
having the right for development, are in large aspiring for an unsustainable lifestyle, a momentous pressure. And that capacity to empathize is the window through which you reach out to people, you do something
that makes a difference in somebody's life -- even words, even time. So, while I can't automatically say that Britain will rush to the aid of any citizen of any country, in danger, I can say that Britain
is in a position where we're working with other countries so that this idea that you have a responsibility to protect people who are victims of either genocide is something that is accepted by the whole
world. Chef: No, but that's all it is. Thankfully, in a few minutes, I saw the signature hive-like rash appear on my legs, which is a side effect of the medication, and I knew I'd be okay. We can have a much
more just world. And just like my parents did when they finished studying abroad, we went back home. And he started out, "Doris, more than any other woman I have ever known ... " This is not a person that
is being studied at autopsy. And he's tracking how many other weblogs linked to those weblogs, and so you have kind of an authority -- a weblog that has a lot of links to it is more authoritative than a
weblog that has few links to it. Now, what you see, by the way, at the top there, are some of the neural activations being fed into the virtual muscles. In Russia, they do not generally block the Internet
and directly censor websites. In the next few years we will confirm them. Thank you very much. Wow. Now this transformation has doubled the area of the original figure, and therefore we have just learned
that the area of the triangle equals the area of this rectangle divided by two. You heat up one side, the hot side. We can reach back and grab that dust, and we can learn a lot about health from it, so if
our choices are part of our health, what we eat is a really important aspect of our health. So you can do something very simple and basic and take a picture of your food, and if enough people do that,
we can learn a lot about how our food affects our health. There are immense ones, such as the horrific rapes in Congo It works on every computer, every web browser, or minus, minus, minus to get smaller
again. And I look at the logo -- okay, good. I know many in the room probably know exactly who he is, but to give the shorthand version for any who have not heard him speak, Dr. Yunus won the Nobel Peace
Prize a few years ago for his work pioneering modern microfinance. So we went out and collected a whole bunch of stuff and we found a whole bunch of little ones. The second one is internal energy. And my
mom took these pictures actually, last week, of our carpets, and I remember this to this day. He realized at once what had happened. Yeah. Just a little bit more, here we go, from that place. Now I told you
-- I love the Internet. I do. Well anyway -- oh! Here we go! You've just told us a different story of this tragic arms race that's happening, and maybe whole ecosystems gone forever. Or would they believe
in the black, static empty universe that their own state-of-the-art observations reveal? Nadia Al-Sakkaf: Well, I'm glad to be here. Right now in the transportation sector, we're creating these wireless
devices -- Is there anything companies can do to make their employees feel less pressed for time? Yes. So, I open the window, and I look out, and there's flames coming up the side of our hotel, and the hotel's
on fire. The landscape shows the presence of water directly in view, or evidence of water in a bluish distance, indications of animal or bird life as well as diverse greenery and finally -- get this --
a path or a road, perhaps a riverbank or a shoreline, that extends into the distance, almost inviting you to follow it. It's getting pretty close to finished now. It's a flying laboratory that we took to
make measurements in the region of this molecule. No one wanted non-violent offenders -- and especially non-violent offenders who were veterans to boot -- to be thrown into prison. And so I managed to fly
the balloon down through the clouds, and about 50 feet, before I hit the sea, threw myself over. So the idea here now is that Evan needs to imagine the object coming forward into the screen, and there's
a progress bar that will scroll across the screen while he's doing that. We like to give, and we give a lot. And in fact, this molecule prevents this adipocyte, this fat stem cell, from remembering how to
make fat such that mice on a high fat diet, like the folks in my hometown of Chicago, fail to develop fatty liver, which is a major medical problem. This works until you invent newspapers. Amy Smith shares
simple, lifesaving design Jean Vanier helped found the L'Arche communities, which you can now find all over the world, communities centered around life with people with mental disabilities -- mostly Down
syndrome. So if we find just the right incentives, they'll do the right thing -- as I said -- selfishly, and if we come up with the right rules and regulations, they won't drive us all over a cliff. Jason
Clay: How big brands can help save biodiversity Then there's all kinds of other applications. Implanted medical devices, where people don't have to die of infections anymore if you can seal the thing up. So
Netra and I really wanted to use our 200-year plan to curate this digital legacy, and not only digital legacy but we believe in curating the legacy of my past and future. It's in Notting Hill next to all
the crap -- you know, the prostitutes and all that stuff. But I have been taking beautiful notes of drawings and I have a gorgeous onion from Murray Gell-Mann's talk. If you're 50 to 60 we want you to work
two years more. Now, the monitor is just as limited as the page, technically, right? So if that's the case, that's difficult, because persuasion is really difficult. So there are some instructions that are
extremely valuable to these organisms, and their frequency is going to be high. I was also a curious economics major as an undergrad. By having this firm neutrality policy, which is non-negotiable from the
beginning, we ensure that people can work together and that the entries don't become simply a war back and forth between the left and the right. You can see where they are. It has volcanoes on it. And that's
Mount Olympus on Mars, which is a kind of huge volcanic shield on that planet. It's technically called, "shape-retaining property." And that's what the lawn was. As a species, as humans, we like to say penguins
are really cute, therefore, leopard seals eat them, so leopard seals are ugly and bad. She catches up with the lead pack and is pushing toward the finish line. And then you can see, eventually, they were
able to get 10 in a row. And if you've ever been in a meeting where you play sort of meeting "chicken," you're sitting there, looking at the person, waiting for them to look away, and then quickly checking
the device. Maybe these people are right. Maybe mind-wandering is a bad thing. And of course, if you want people to play by the rules, you still need an effective system of monitoring and enforcement, for
as we've discovered, you can trust, but you also need to verify. But he still knows a good thing when he sees it, and so he seals the relationship with an eternal kiss. I'm going to show you a clip now of
the very first improvisation session that we had. I've come across them at the organizations that everybody raves about as being best in class. That is, there is something about it that tends to make it
replicate better than the competition does. And that's what a meme is. It's an information packet with attitude. Why does everyone get rid of me? Because when I started, it seemed very appropriate to me
not to use motorized vehicles. When the scientific method provided that new way of thinking and biology showed that microorganisms caused disease, suffering was alleviated. OK, it seems a very formal, willful
gesture, but something derived entirely out of the constraints. Now, for you folks, what I'm going to do is I'm going to show you these two teas, and I'm asking you, I'll go ahead and ask you, to choose
your tea. So you can choose which of the two tea you want. "But," I hear you say, "what about the research? That's how you create a collective goal. I just wanted to show that to you so you understand how
this works. And you can see those different wrinkles actually show up as she animates. there's all sorts of things going on. 9 to 10: future thinking. How should we be making our decisions? And there are two
billion children in the world. Those exposed to agent metaphors had higher expectations that price trends would continue. And in 2003, the government of Ethiopia started this new system in their own country. Last
one, this is "Who's Going To Buy You Ribbons," another traditional folk tune. I put salad bars in all of our schools when I got there. And what's great about this is the technology's actually allowing the
phone to start to see and understand much like how the human brain does. George W. Bush: The world's newest democracy. And then, that this discussion was drawing geographical boundaries around me. You get
people out of poverty. If you look at where they're located -- and on this slide it's the red blobs on there -- there are five that are operating in the Mid-East, and the rest of them are in the United
States. Before I introduce the person responsible for the WorldWide Telescope, I just want to leave you with this brief thought: when I ask people, "How does the night sky make you feel?" Radio could carry
sound without wires. But it would never have occurred to me to think that just because I had read a novel in which a character was a serial killer that he was somehow representative of all Americans. It
eventually only plays songs you like. And with a friend of his, he took it upon himself to free-climb a Redwood without ropes or any equipment to see what was up there. Why make this thing? And they've got
a new campaign. They want to run it next week. We had to try and reconstruct this. Classic psychopath -- it speaks to grandiosity and also lack of empathy. The National Portrait Gallery is the place dedicated
to presenting great American lives, amazing people. I was taking a class of his, and he was just like, this is an overeager student, which we don't normally get in the United States, because everyone else
is cynical and jaded. and the scientists, geologists always tell me that the real interesting science, the science-rich sites, are always at the cliffs. Okay. Right. When we don't have the capacity for solitude,
we turn to other people in order to feel less anxious or in order to feel alive. So they have all the criteria that people normally like. They are residing in the person who is designing that form. Three
and a half minutes longer. Now this makes no sense right? This is a moment from the beginning of the second intifada, in 2000, when it was still stones and Molotovs against an army. The answer is, on average,
the slightly better teachers leave the system. And so, if you have that gene, and you see a lot of violence in a certain situation, this is the recipe for disaster, absolute disaster. What we need to think
about perhaps for Mission Blue is increasing the biologging capacity. And yet, many of these get built. You're allowing fluid or air to go through at steady states. Conversely, there is no concentration at
which the sulfur compound will smell like vodka. They'd sit down; I'd sneak out of the house. And so, cognitive dissonance is part and parcel of the way that we deal with oil, and it's really important to
dealing with this oil spill. You get a little problem, you say, "Ah, I'll figure it out." It's one that says, "Don't do this. Countries rapidly shoot towards that 150 mark, and then they level off, and they
don't really go on rising as you might expect. and we print geometry. It's like a rainbow. And these practices have significant economic and environmental implications that we're already starting to see today. What
made me stop in my tracks about her to begin with was just the gorgeous colors he uses and the light falling on her face. But Viennese audiences do not do that. But if they really were intelligent, why would
they use a stick to extract termites from the ground rather than a shovel? They had a particular shape that they had to stay in. It finally began to get resolved in 2005 because of this guy. It went extinct
in 2000. Cote d'Ivoire, we have a huge problem of child slaves. Interestingly enough, we used to primarily build 3-D models -- you know, you've seen some today -- and 3-D renderings. Five: all of which is
to say, they made a movie out of the book, "Communion," and it starred Christopher Walken. Turns out, they wander a lot. In fact, really a lot. But I beg of the designers here to break all those rules if
they violate the biggest rule of all, which is intelligence. Now what do I mean by that? And so they took a bit of time to learn about that. Right? Ones and zeros, the binary code. And the challenge with
these kinds of algorithmic filters, these personalized filters, is that, because they're mainly looking at what you click on first, it can throw off that balance. So why has no one ever solved this problem
before? And that's completely possible. And if that's the case, then I think we're stuck with conventional car seats for a long time to come. I want to point out one thing. This is -- you guys know what
this is. This is how he's chosen to represent himself. So exploration can pay for itself. Please let there be some left.'" And then, telling me this story, Frankie said, "You know ... God, drugs really make
you stupid." You've worked in mining, you've worked in fishing, you've worked in steel, you've worked in every major industry. But you don't have to wade through it. You don't have to go through the junk. And
within a week I had come to believe that the second coming of Christ had occurred, that it was Sun Myung Moon, and that I had been specially chosen and prepared by God to be his disciple. It is almost criminal
that we are not investing more in energy research in this country. And I think that there is an easy cure for NDD. One of my girlfriends in graduate school, Marie, said, "Kim, I figured it out. But it's the
rideshare board, and it's basically the same thing. It's not easy, because our clients, by definition, are having a difficult time, diplomatically. But in fact he was the person who was most susceptible
to the oxygen. I led a team that was asked to imagine Atlanta 100 years from now. You need voting logic. He was a design scientist, if you like, a poet, but he foresaw all the things that are happening now. We
knew that one way or another this was going to happen. So Amanda, would you please tell us how you lost your arm? Coming in closer, picking up Earth, What's that time worth? they are able to sense. The objects
we use, the clothes we wear, the houses we live in, all have a profound impact on our behavior, health and quality of life. The problems, actually, for this kind of case come manyfold from decades of scientific
research involving human memory. The future of green is local -- and entrepreneurial. At TEDxMidwest, Majora Carter brings us the stories of three people who are saving their own communities while saving
the planet. Call it "hometown security." After the surgery, they were perceived as being more intelligent, more friendly, more honest, less violent -- and yet we hadn't operated on their intellect or their
character. It's also -- Web and mobile allow us to be connected and create all kinds of platforms and systems, and the investment of those technologies and that infrastructure is really our inheritance. Well
the good news is that the developing world, but frankly, the whole world, is busy building, and starting to build, nuclear reactors. In contrast, the people that wrote the reviews that were actually there,
their bodies actually entered the physical space, they talked a lot more about spatial information. It's got to be relatively fast, so you can run it on a normal machine, but it's got to be accurate enough,
so it looks good enough, basically. And it certainly was. Then art becomes useful. And it could transform swaths of desert land into fields of emerald green. Now, looking back, the most harrowing part of that
experience was not just the hospital visits -- these were very painful for my wife, understandably so. So the logical evolution here is to just make a wheelchair with mountain bike components, which many
people have done. But in "intimate" relations it's much more difficult because, with your wife or your boyfriend or someone that you hope might turn into one of those things, we have this illusion of romance
and trust and intimacy, and nothing is quite so unromantic as the, "My condom or yours, darling?" question. I came mainly to be reunited with my family and to reconnect in a way that I found my place in
the society. This is a short video of how we did this project. War-torn Congo is down there -- two, three, four percent. And I wanted to bring these gamer traits to my real-life challenge, so I created a
role-playing recovery game called Jane the Concussion Slayer. That is, historically, a really unique situation. He was able to survive because he was able to generate that incredible willpower, he was able
to use all the power of his mind These are Tibetan prayer flags. Things that they started doing themselves -- like changing the floor going into the patient's room so that it signified, "This is my room.
This is my personal space" -- was a really interesting sort of design solution to the problem. Several teachers nearly killed me. MO: So I was here in Boston. I'm able to see the contradiction that you may
not be able to see. Well, what's going on is the villages of the world are emptying out. This is a space-conservative method that uses storm debris -- and we can guarantee that we will have storms every
year. And we also assign a value to the company given by the operating revenue. It's like the spiders are sharing an ancient secret with me, and that's why I'm going to spend the rest of my life studying
spider silk. And I started to feed them in the most traditional and environmentally friendly way. But the more interesting thing is -- and this is the unintuitive thing when you talk about technology in
the classroom -- by removing the one-size-fits-all lecture from the classroom and letting students have a self-paced lecture at home, and then when you go to the classroom, letting them do work, having
the teacher walk around, having the peers actually be able to interact with each other, these teachers have used technology to humanize the classroom. And she read so many novels, so many different novels
here. we will put [him] in jail, and we will call the eldest people. I was a body surfer and I thought, "Wow, that was an incredible wave!" We cut customs duties, we reduced import duties, Here, I can estimate
exactly how many cards are put between my royal flush. This new computer, built to become the nerve center of a defense network, is able to perform all the complex mathematical problems involved in countering
a mass enemy raid. Flowers will arrive by the truckload. Well, for many years in my laboratory and other laboratories around the world, we've been studying fly behaviors in little flight simulators. We couldn't
have a germ theory of disease before we invented the microscope to see them. How can you say something is low-fat when it's full of so much sugar? Your grandparents were peaceful people. So I have proposed
to apply the same trick to looking for life in the universe. So lesson number one: Sisyphus. A conservative estimate tells us there are more than 27 million people enslaved in the world today. And so the
idea of role-play is both as an empathy tool, as well as a tool for prototyping experiences. It's really extraordinary to find something like this. Man: I won't send any more commandos in until I know it's
safe. We plan to launch this product in India in 2010, and the target price point will be 25 dollars, less than 0.1 percent of the cost of a traditional incubator. This is a prediction. I might be wrong. And
here you have the two color tokens. Korea shows you what's possible in education. This is Benki. The mycelium infuses all landscapes, it holds soils together, it's extremely tenacious. And finally he said,
"Ruby, I see that you're talking. This year, I got, what I really have to say is a rather brilliant idea, to laser cut out of used Christmas cards. If I have a little extra time, I'll tell you about a case
of crow infidelity that illustrates that nicely. It's a two-way story. It's Israelis and Iranians sending the same message, one to each other. Nor am I going to talk about what I think are obvious statements
from my first book, "Silicon Snake Oil," or my second book, nor am I going to talk about why I believe computers don't belong in schools. When you go out of an airplane you are almost naked. And some of
these patients played a video game where they drive around a small town. You do that, you give me your quick 15-second or 30-second intro, grab my attention. because we don't think the country's ready for
full electronic trading. When they wrote the Constitution, they put dirt all over the cobblestones outside the hall so that they could concentrate. And this was one of those instances where I realized how
much blogging affects our relationship, and flattening this sort of world. This one is a "third lung," a pharmaceutical device for long-term asthma treatment I designed to help kids to follow the treatment. Now
I'm not saying for a minute that British Conservatives have all the answers. You see a scanner technology that first scans the wound on the patient and then it comes back with the printheads actually printing
the layers that you require on the patients themselves. And you can see, it's kind of pollinating, germinating, growing. There are four countries around the board. Well, what is it to make a therapeutic,
anyway? The first really big health issue is a word that Murray Schafer coined: It's a dislocation between what you see and what you hear. This was originally described," I said, "right back in the 18th
century, by a man called Charles Bonnet. And she walked through the Rift Valley, and she had vagina and vagina replacement parts where she would teach girls and parents and boys and girls what a healthy
vagina looks like, and what a mutilated vagina looks like. And in the course of her travel she walked literally for eight years through the Rift Valley, through dust, through sleeping on the ground --
because the Masais are nomads, and she would literally have to find them, and they would move, and she would find them again. She saved 1,500 girls from being cut. So do you want the high-power leader that's
dominant, high on testosterone, but really stress reactive? She said, "It's over." When I finished that night, she called him and left a message -- true story -- at the top of the World Trade Center where
he worked, saying, "Honey, I love you, I just want you to know I want to marry you. It was stupid of me." She was asleep, because it was 3 a.m. for us, when he called her back from the top and said, "Honey,
I can't tell you what this means." In the 1990s, we saw financial centers around the world competing for their business, and there was simply no effective mechanism to prevent money laundering. The vision
here is to have each local community play to its natural strength in creating the hydrogen. Just start with the number of planets there are in our galaxy. But as long as we pretend that CO2 is free, as long
as these uses are nearly invisible, how can we expect change? You can be sure Jefferson knew what he was talking about when he said, "If a nation expects to be ignorant and free in a state of civilization,
it expects what never was, and never will be." Due to a traffic jam, we were late in getting to a slum, a large slum, which had caught fire. A third of the people we passed it to, they shredded it, they
came to us and said, "Mr. Experimenter, I solved X problems. Give me X dollars." Multiple flips, a little more time. So we have achieved an awful lot relative to the 20th century, and yet far too little
relative to the gravity of the crime that is unfolding as we sit here, as we speak. They can stretch. They can tear. It senses the food; it knows exactly what to do. And by and large, this has failed. The
children are virtual prisoners; King David said that he knew the depths of his own soul. Because if compassion was a chore, nobody's going to do it, except maybe the Dalai Lama or something. but we discovered
that in the People's Republic public school curriculum, they have three fairy tales by An Tu Sheng, or Hans Christian Anderson, as we call him. Have a look at the gap. I think this is what so, in fact, infuriated
the scientists. But I like to cross boundaries. I like to, as I said, talk about things I know nothing about. He wrote about the scenario in which two tribes of early humans would have come in contact and
competition. You've heard of entropy. The light blue line is how much the government gets in. It's a decent life for children, we are talking about. It is the program. It is the code of life. The rest goes
to religion and higher education and hospitals and that 60 billion dollars is not nearly enough to tackle these problems. They go through two to three weeks of rigorous curriculum-based education, training. So
again, this is an immediate relief. He arrives on the small hill, dripping with water. And they weren't flashing in anger, they were flashing in love, intense love for her students. I like eating. I like
playing." And so the mentality has to shift from zero-sum to positive-sum before you can get a productive politics. You can go onto our website, Nationalgeographic.com/genographic. And it's a kind of water
body for all seasons. All of this is measurable and could be in the new goals. Kids play, we play -- of every nationality, of every race, of every color, of every religion. And so there's a very instinctive
way in which we briefly transmit emotions to each other. Another 50 patients got a dummy placebo sugar pill with no active ingredient, and only one of them died. No, it's not. Look here. "By what means are
the Europeans thus powerful; or why, since they can so easily visit Asia and Africa for trade or conquest, cannot the Asiaticks and Africans invade their coasts, plant colonies in their ports, and give
laws to their natural princes? Everyone they knew lived in similar circumstances, and it was still better than the dormitories and homes of rural China. What you see is that these bars are systematically
taller and systematically shifted to the left compared to these bars which are the members of the OECD that speak futured languages. The people would become the defenders of that forest. John Lloyd inventories
the invisible This is a Dionaea, a Venus fly trap hunting snails -- And it's not because galaxies are moving away from each other through space. They're not necessarily moving through space. SB: Thank you.
I scared myself. with the famous tiger-stripe fractures crossing the south pole. But I'm one. I can do something. You can be serious and play. So, yeah, the droids are taking our jobs, but focusing on that
fact misses the point entirely. We need to be not only proud of our universities. And if folding a single praying mantis from a single uncut square wasn't interesting enough, then you could do two praying
mantises from a single uncut square. And I think for many people, that wake-up call takes the form of an illness. I work in global poverty. In a political campaign, you start with no interest and no capacity
to turn that into action. And it's amateur, but amateur in the best sense, in other words, the root of the word being of love and passion. And so I think what we're going to see is two trends take place
with this. It stands to reason that we, existing in this world, should in the course of our lives absorb intuitively those relationships. It's a real experience, not only to learn how to play and listen
to rhythms, but to train your musical memory and playing music in a group. What we have here in the background is an example of our systems that we run in our labs, where we track virus infections worldwide. Geert
Chatrou: Thank you. Thank you. Where do refugee hearts go? He had a bad leg, a circulatory problem, that made it very painful for him to walk the course. I can see a business opportunity for Kerala, helping
fix the health system in the United States. There's been a lot of talk about dreams over the course of this few days. For example, molecular structure. What crystals are possible, we can understand through
the mathematics of symmetry. A group of men march through the streets cutting themselves with knives. This is all about self-interest that adds up to more. It's like its own little coupling. And we're now
zoomed in over the entrance to the house. How is that possible? And let me just do one simple conceptual thing: if I plot science as a proxy for control of the production process and scale. They are made
from handpicked organic Zimbabwean cotton that has been shuttle loomed and then hand-dipped in natural indigo 24 times. What I did -- because of the Paris skies being quite dull, I made a light grid that's
perpendicular to the train station, to the route of the train. This man has swum around the North Pole, what more evidence do you want? And what we see is a line of stars. And aside from coral, the answer
is no. I mean, with the health system, you got a sort of radical solution on the cost side, but in terms of the system itself? cities,communication,community,design,global issues,politics,web If you can stay
healthy for 20 years, you'll see 150, maybe 300. I'll show you how to clap to this song. Very, very few people actually have long stretches of uninterrupted time at an office. And lots and lots of that little
bit down there, sacrifice. There's much more in culture: there's manuscripts, there newspapers, there's things that are not text, like art and paintings. and then this. Something that you know can be done
already is to grow bone tissue, so that you can make a wedding ring out of the bone tissue of your loved one -- literally. Has the human mind changed? I had a very, very meaningful relationship with my team
that day, and it's stayed that way ever since. I can stand here right now and see, as I go tearing into the water after him, the moments slowing down and freezing into this arrangement. So we just started
making a list. because any activity which is open to international trade is basically going to be uncompetitive in a post-conflict situation. This fish actually has high beams. Again, a direct reflection
from using these processes to develop extremely complicated, very large-scale organisms. It was in the books; it was inside the teacher's head; and she needed to go there to get the information, because
that's how you learned. The siege went on for three and a half years, and it was a siege without water, without power, without electricity, without heat, without food, in the middle of Europe, in the middle
of the 20th century. Do you think they're there pursuing their self-interest? She came to realize that there were a lot of people who'd written patient advocate books that you just don't hear about at medical
conferences. Now take this together and you end up with 2.3 million words of TEDTalks, which is about three Bibles-worth of content. Would it give this block of limestone new properties? I'm not quite sure
why, but we've done it anyway. Now, it just so happened that I got to register the third domain name on the Internet. For example, you can't post the name of the president, Hu Jintao, and also you can't
post the city of Chongqing, the name, and until recently, you can't search the surname of top leaders. "Well, it's in the kitchen." "Oh, you must have kitchen water." And then you might get something. That
is not necessary. When Krishna dies, eventually he will be back as Ram. I too will join the cult. And he has a sweetheart, but she is American woman, not Chinese. But over the past year or so, researchers
in Cambodia have discovered that what's happening is the malarial parasite is developing a resistance. Climate change, ocean acidification, dissolved oxygen, carbon cycle, coastal upwelling, fishing dynamics
-- the full spectrum of earth science and ocean science simultaneously in the same volume. You need also state ownership, in order to build and roll out infrastructures The implication of that model is
a hindrance for economic growth, rather than a facilitator of economic growth. Then to clarify, she went on, "He was not an environmentalist." One of the things that I want to leave you with as you think
about this talk is that this talk is not just about us preaching to the world. I think that if we want to discover the full potential in our humanity, we need to celebrate those heartbreaking strengths
and those glorious disabilities that we all have. OK, everybody imagine books and imagine just tearing out the pages. and if that were only true, it would be great, but it's not. If you ask enough of these,
you can get a general overall score of disgust sensitivity. Certain themes keep coming up: justice, loyalty, violence, death, political and social issues, freedom. And now they are close as can be. But there's
gonna be bad news somewhere. Nikola Tesla: The result is 118,236. But look at the patterns that they can do with their skin. My father and my grandfather were always looking for the newest thing in alternative
or traditional therapies for PH, but after six months, I couldn't walk up a small hill. I couldn't climb a flight of stairs. If that guy's going down to zero, I'll know. If I've met you before, I don't remember."
"Really, Jim, you don't remember? I was just here with the Monet prints?" "Sorry, Doc, I just don't have a clue." "No problem, Jim. All I want you to do is rank these for me from the one you like the most
to the one you like the least." What do they do? Well, let's first check and make sure they're really amnesiac. We ask these amnesiac patients to tell us which one they own, which one they chose last time,
which one is theirs. And we would help them make the transition to a low carbon economy. And she did this over the course of a couple of days, until the point where she got so frustrated with him that she
started putting them directly on top of his head. You focus on the person, you obsessively think about them, you crave them, you distort reality, your willingness to take enormous risks to win this person. Compared
to the sugarcane charcoal, where we actually have to teach people how to form it into briquettes and you have the extra step of cooking the binder, And this is about the most exciting thing in my life
right now, which is perhaps a sad commentary on my life. We've got some of the most incredible video of Titanic that's ever been seen, I don't know; I'm not sure, but that's what I've done all the time. It
will remain in very fundamental respects very different. These are gateway species, vanguard species that open the door for other biological communities. And when I place the superconducting disk on top
of this rail, it moves freely. and you end up with the device that you want. So together they form a map for the rest of the brain, telling the brain continually, "Where am I now within my environment?" So,
in some sense, what this is suggesting is that it's not just that people are setting up their car seats wrong, which is putting children at risk. It's just that, fundamentally, the car seats aren't doing
much. I actually had a therapist who once said to me, "Eve, you've been coming here for two years, and, to be honest, it never occurred to me that you had a body." So you see that -- form, content, design,
it works that way. And my first year at Caltech, I continued the business. Basil Jones: But actually we're going to start this evolution with a hyena. YR: It was down on the bottom. "Hey, there's lots of coins
lying around from the first stage, lying around on the ground," hops down, picks it up, drops it in the slot. Tracey Gamley stepped up to give me the impossible kidney that I was never supposed to have. And
I basically live my life in sort of a trance, and I look around and everything I see is just the beginning of a long story. I was in the desert, under the starry skies with the Sufi singer Mukhtiar Ali. And
eventually, after five or 10 minutes, most people figure out the solution, which you can see here. That's something that's passed on from person to person. If you go through a metal detector, you'll probably
die. But it was so cool because I could write these stories, I could come up with these ideas, and they'd be published in the school paper, and people who I didn't know could read them. This was absolutely
key for us. This is a very intimate form of connection. Years after he's had these drugs, I learned that everything he did to manage his excess saliva, including some positive side effects that came from
other drugs, were making his constipation worse. And I think about the idea that creating an idea, spreading an idea has a lot behind it. TBP: Fracking? What is fracking? Finally, we want multifunctional
spaces and housewares -- a sink combined with a toilet, a dining table becomes a bed -- same space, a little side table stretches out to seat 10. FG: No. Not now either. Well, then let's go to a simpler
explanation. I don't see it the way you characterized it. This is the electrical supply for a hospital in rural Malawi. We know we are what we eat. But in her office, there's this old wooden, weather-worn
table, kitchen table -- peeling green paint, it's kind of rickety. I want to give you one example that shows how fast this evolution is happening. So Jude said, "Okay, I'll do some statements for you." While
I was filming these statements, he said to me, "Where are you going next?" I said, "I'm going to go to Afghanistan." He said, "Really?" And I could sort of see a little look in his eye of interest. Whereas
if you look in Google Earth, this is how the Pacific looks. Had he shown his father, "My boy has finally lost it," he would've thought. And the problem with this stuff is, now that the bill's come due, it
turns out Santa isn't quite as cute when it's summertime. They've been swept away over the last two decades by these types of world-flattening digitization technologies, right? You move that up and down
with a little bit of energy but now you're only shifting the air down to the hot end and up to the cold end, down to the hot end and up to the cold end. If you walked up to an octopus tank, especially early
in the morning before anyone arrived, the octopus would rise up and look at you and you're thinking, "Is that guy really looking at me? He is looking at me!" And you walk up to the front of the tank. Then
you realize that these animals all have different personalities: These legs that I was on, which I'll take out right now -- I was the first person in the world on these legs. I said, "Oh, my God. What is
that?" And I really think that we can't think about cancer -- let alone any disease -- in such black-and-white terms. They have been detached from their people, from the masses, and now we are seeing them
collapsing one after the other. So let me tell you that it's not going to be easy, and there's lots more work to do in all four of those areas to be able to really make the system work. People come from
all over the world to learn, and then they go away and plan exactly how they're going to collect these seeds. That's just one source. And so what I decided to do. Now, I'm going to give you a four paragraph
format to work with. A behavioral metric of what intelligence is, and this has stuck in our minds for a long period of time. Among the DVD's many assets is that it's very small; you can stick it in the mailer
and post it cheaply. EM: Thank you. CA: That was awesome. That was really, really cool. The first one was Barnett Shale in Texas and then the Marcellus up in the Northeast across New York, Pennsylvania,
West Virginia; and Haynesville in Louisiana. I mean, shopping bag equals "parking meter out of order." And it's very empty. The vacuum there is one million times less dense than the highest vacuum that our
best technology on Earth can currently Now, can we do that? No. And we'll make ourselves wrong I ask you, what happened to translation? So we built big models. By the way, the secret is not to go to sleep
until you've written your words for the day. Look here, you see the seven billion people up there: the air people, the wash people, the bulb people and the fire people. And so what Dave Sifry at Technorati
started working on, literally as Shirky started -- after he published his piece -- was something that basically just gave a new kind of priority to newcomers. See that again. Over time I've collected about
a half-dozen methods that do work -- of course there are many more -- that do work and that are effective. If a neutrino had a brain, which it evolved in neutrino-sized ancestors, it would say that rocks
really do consist of empty space. At first I didn't think migraine headaches were a big problem and people always give you the same permutation of the same three things: under-capitalized, the wrong people,
bad market conditions. It's not moving like that. and pretty quickly, almost everything that could have gone wrong did go wrong. The negatives are gone. He was drawn to the flames, he chased the flames, he
was like a moth to the flames. Something of an adrenalin junkie. People think they're sort of lowbrows. Meetings are places to go to talk about things you're supposed to be doing later. Third transformation,
alive to dead -- Another direct result was a young grad student named Ben Novak, who had been obsessed with passenger pigeons since he was 14 and had also learned how to work with ancient DNA, himself sequenced
the passenger pigeon, using money from his family and friends. So let's start looking at some of those. It should, because the top five traits of post-traumatic growth are essentially the direct opposite
of the top five regrets of the dying. Froogle lets you search shopping information, and Blogger lets you publish things. What they found was, the core functions -- you know you still sort of had banks, but
you couldn't get people to put money in the ATM machines. Cattle are the same way. And so what we get then from the pop-up satellite tag is we get away from having to have a human interaction to recapture
the tag. So, it's going to end. We like different things. Okay? There's sugar in everything. no roads to speak of, sporadic electricity and high levels of corruption. Currently, right now, thousands of workers
are abandoned. But the more I talked about it, the more objectified and fragmented my body became. We are not using fossil energies. because he realized that if you had two sources of carbohydrate, wheat
and potatoes, you get less price volatility in bread. And that is how and why did this remarkable trait evolve, and why did it evolve only in our species? Favorite sport: football. What did he enjoy most? The
wind blew very strong. If you saw these women on the street in their faded clothes, you might dismiss them as poor and simple. At TEDU 2009, Erik Hersman presents the remarkable story of Ushahidi, a GoogleMap
mashup that allowed Kenyans to report and track violence via cell phone texts following the 2008 elections, and has evolved to continue saving lives in other countries. But curiosity, exploration, are part
of the play scene. And if it's in you, then it's in me too. Oh, dear. 96 percent of them found it useful. Now, if we slip to another end of the world, I was up in the high Arctic to tell a story about global
warming, inspired in part by the former Vice President's wonderful book. By leading a movement and And she stayed at home to take care of me and my older brother. You change that system, and you could have
a marked effect on the cancer. Or it can be in today's retail, in the shopping environment -- lighting the merchandise and creating accents that help you to get around. But very quickly I recovered. It was
like that. I use poetry to help me work through what I don't understand, but I show up to each new poem with a backpack full of everywhere else that I've been. There are statuses. I mean, what is valedictorian,
but a status? SW: Yeah, he paid. He paid his life for this, and that is why he is great and we'll remember him. I will give points for those who know it. I think the man was maybe 25 years too early, so
let's do it. So she sampled some material out of it. aging,culture,education,health care,medicine,self,storytelling Ethiopia didn't just blow my mind; it opened my mind. We feel awe, we feel pity. Then what
we want to do is create six-meter versions so we can test the maximum performance of these machines, so we can go at very, very high speed. and that allows this eye-spot to have an electrical signal just
like a solar cell charging up a battery. in one of the most important, tenacious and toughest reservoirs of the polio virus in the world, we found that our vaccine was working half as well as it should
have. The foreign missionary opened the door, knew exactly what had happened, took her to a nearby fistula hospital in Addis Ababa, and she was repaired with a 350-dollar operation. Our attitude is, "Well,
look, if you can get the advertising donated, you know, at four o'clock in the morning, I'm okay with that. Now as I was there, I guess, like a lot of people, I assumed that it was just an aspirin for the
mind. And then, of course, as you get older, it's almost like age is a form of lithium. But this also explains why, when I was interviewing the Red Brigades, and then, later on, other arms organizations,
including members of al-Zarqawi group in the Middle East, everybody was extremely reluctant to talk about ideology, or politics. Never return to the haunts of your youth. It was a lot like the Stirling engine:
it was cool, but you didn't know what to do with it. Whether you're an artist, a technologist, a lawyer or a fan, the handling of copyright directly impacts your life. In fact, neuroleptic drugs that are
used to eliminate psychotic behavior, things like paranoia, delusions and hallucinations, these are patternicities. It means, I think, that we're living in a time of unexpected possibilities. That's an awful
lot of women when you multiply by the number of women who were diagnosed with this osteopenia. Wish one: world-changing. I want to use my images to persuade millions of people to join in the global conversation
on sustainability. And, "Do you notice any discharges?" And that really sent a shudder through the room. Banality of heroism is, it's ordinary people who do heroic deeds. Some of that's good: Oxfam, a great
non-governmental actor. Every three seconds one person dies. Here's our new law firm: We have the best lawyers with the biggest clients, we always perform for our clients who do business with us. The mentor
of Warren Buffett, Benjamin Graham, developed his system of value investing as a result of his own losses in the 1929 crash. It's really a hands-on experience. These are two that I strongly recommend, and
they list a whole bunch of reforms. And as we're seeking to make something three-dimensional, we start not with a single surface, but with a volume. Mojitos, anybody? I'll be at Telepan later. So this same
technique should probably look at all. He started a press. He started photoengraving. In this plot I'm showing you at what pay rate people stopped. That's a strangely simple, and yet unexplored idea, right? The
first shot I ever did was of a soda can, which was to promote a brand that we all know, so I'm not going to do them any favors by showing you it. and here is the hardest and biggest change: People died;
so be it. We'd actually met online before -- not the way you're thinking. I'm really getting into this now. All right, untie me now and we'll get some dinner." And the first mate hesitates. And Juanderson,
instead, went into what provided kind of opportunity and hope in the place that he lived, which was the drugs trade. So we have to be disciplined and focus on things that are critical. Or as Schelling put
it, imagine if you were a rich -- as you will be -- a rich Chinese, a rich Bolivian, a rich Congolese, in 2100, thinking back on 2005, and saying, "How odd that they cared so much about helping me a little
bit through climate change, and cared so fairly little about helping my grandfather and my great grandfather, whom they could have helped so much more, and who needed the help so much more?" So I think
that really does tell us why it is we need to get our priorities straight. Globalization is getting more complex. It gives you an image for every page of the book. It's about making the world a better place." I
know that many people here have been splendidly speaking about the digital world and the possibility for cooperation, but [have you] seen what the digital world has done to American politics these days? And
although -- it's good to laugh before we look at this. There's basically no pool of qualified teachers to pull from, and only eight percent of the people in the county have a bachelor's degree or higher. So
the more you look around you, the more you see Licklider's vision everywhere. The Arabic texts containing this mathematical wisdom finally made their way to Europe -- which is to say Spain -- in the 11th
and 12th centuries. It startled, then bored, then repelled me. Recording: ♫ Hey ♫ ♫ You're okay ♫ ♫ You'll be fine ♫ ZF: So that's one of the better ones, really. But there is one thing that is particularly
remarkable and novel about slavery today, and that is a complete collapse in the price of human beings -- expensive in the past, dirt cheap now. So the same strategy that we used to find the code for the
retina we can also use to find the code for other areas, for example, the auditory system and the motor system, so for treating deafness and for motor disorders. I was seven. Let's assume you go to the Caribbean,
or you might go to Mexico. You might go to Latin America, Asia, Africa, anywhere in Saudi Arabia. Well, then they gave me this Book of Mormon, and they told me to read this chapter and that chapter, and
they said they'd come back some day and check in on me, and I think I said something like, "Please don't hurry," or maybe it was just, "Please don't," and they were gone. Why are those numbers so finely
tuned to allow stars to shine and planets to form, when we recognize that if you fiddle with those numbers -- if I had 20 dials up here and I let you come up and fiddle with those numbers, almost any fiddling
makes the universe disappear. If you went and looked for images of the Internet, this was all that you found, this famous image by Opte of the Internet as the kind of Milky Way, this infinite expanse where
we don't seem to be anywhere on it. And not only had the support, I found two wonderful partners in crime in this adventure. But every time I would return from my trips I'd return back to New York City. And
what they've done is they put a warning sign on every single barb on this fence. But it's a human problem. It's a scientific problem, if you will. Ants are not known to occur in Redwood trees, curiously
enough, and we wondered whether this ant, this species of ant, was only endemic to that one tree, or possibly to that grove. And we don't know where it's going to pop up. It's not obvious exactly what's
going on. And then he said something that gives me goosebumps. But I'm going to show you two videos, two mothers -- one is lying, one is telling the truth. The materials that allowed the battery-operated
facial expressions is a material that we call Frubber, and it actually has three major innovations in the material that allow this to happen. But why does anyone have to feel anything? Today's best variety
is tomorrow's lunch for insects or pests or disease. Of course if you want to go inside, the two doors are locked. So with a little bit of molecular eye candy, we've got kinesins, which are the orange ones. And
I -- you know, normally, I would pick people out and humiliate, but maybe not in this instance. The other things that religions do is to arrange time. Now, I'll prime your auditory part of your brain to
tell you what you're supposed to hear, and then hear it again. So the government decided to have the elections once again. People just go because it's pleasurable to be there. And the guy just told me, "There's
no way. This grandmother won't even -- you know, there's no way she's ever going to let you meet this girl that's she's raising." We tend to look at the world, not as the integrated system that it is, but
as a series of individual issues. that's most important of all -- looking good, feeling good and having the goods. And if you place a cool gas in front of a hot source, you will see certain patterns which
we call absorption lines. We would be thrilled if we had one semitone pitch perception in cochlear implant users. Pressure can make everything whole again. What do we need to do?" There's very polarized answers
to that question too, and I don't have any answers to that. This has inspired the design of the first self-cleaning dry adhesive -- the patent issued, we're happy to say. This is from the FBI Uniform Crime
Statistics. You can see that there is a fairly low rate of violence in the '50s and the '60s, then it soared upward for several decades, and began a precipitous decline, starting in the 1990s, so that
it went back to the level that was last enjoyed in 1960. And that moment came on April 21, 1994. Become a catalyst of change. Teach others; learn about it; talk about it. I want to talk about how the things
we've been taught to think about giving and about charity and about the nonprofit sector are actually undermining the causes we love and our profound yearning to change the world. You've heard of phantom
limb pain? This was a rented Ford Taurus. It was dinnertime, and we started looking for a place to eat. And it's one of the most awful things -- heartwarming, but awful. For me, every day is a new thing. And
yet, when you look at the phenotypes, there's a chimp, there's a man; they're astoundingly different, no resemblance at all. So when we actually won the competition we had to do an exhibition in China explaining
the project. And the goal at first was just saving it from demolition, but then we also wanted to figure out what we could do with it. But you get about 80 percent of the way there, for about one percent
of the cost. We were very proud of this, particularly the title, which was "Eggbeater as Centrifuge." So they're crossing thousands of kilometers in a fraction of a second, I'm just going to talk about two
things. What was interesting was that, before I went up to New York as U.N. ambassador, I talked to Jeane Kirkpatrick, who'd been ambassador before me, and she said, "You've got to get rid of your professor
clothes. Nicholas Christakis: How social networks predict epidemics So someone came up with a very clever idea, to -- instead of heating the whole cylinder and cooling the whole cylinder, what about if you
put a displacer inside -- a little thing that shuttles the air back and forth. AG: Thank you. Thank you very much. And of course, also there's the placebo effect. So, you want to know why the sky is blue,
why atomic nuclei stick together -- in principle, you've got a big enough computer -- why DNA is the shape it is. Soon she began to write as well. Heat from within made geysers erupt -- that is how the oceans
were born. Water froze around the poles and shaped the edges of the Earth. One of the many ways that users shaped the evolution of Twitter was by inventing a way to reply to a specific person or a specific
message. And it's the same thing with coding. But in that action, that interaction, by re-scripting that, by changing it into an opportunity to offer food that is nutritionally appropriate, that could augment
the nutritional resources that we ourselves have depleted for augmenting the fish population and also adding chelating agent, which, like any chelating agent that we use medicinally, binds to the bioaccumulated
heavy metals and PCBs that are in the fish living in this particular habitat and allows them to pass it out as a harmless salt where it's complexed by a reactive, effectively removing it from bioavailability. And
then, following this advice, we start with this lowly, humble NAND gate, and we walk our students through an elaborate sequence of projects in which they gradually build a chip set, a hardware platform,
an assembler, a virtual machine, a basic operating system and a compiler for a simple, Java-like language that we call "JACK." I will do exactly as I'm told. Don't let me skip over that. Better biofuels
are a really big deal. In what I call the flushed-and-plumbed world that most of us in this room are lucky to live in, the most common symptoms associated with those diseases, diarrhea, is now a bit of
a joke. The woman paid him no heed. And if we think about this, I think it's very clear that there are ways in which we could change things, not just by eliminating negatives, but adding positives. Define
it in context. Tell people what it means. They were never given a chance to learn how to react." Buying it from us screams good taste." It's not a -- it's only a partial look, but it's a -- I think it's going
to be very, very useful. And then, I could tell you lots about the laptop, but I decided on just four things. And because we started this work around the time of the financial collapse, around the time when
foreclosures were hitting the news, we said, hhmm, maybe we should actually start in the financial domain. It's often about understanding culture and context before we even know where to start to have ideas. And
the mayor of Kuala Lumpur said that, if this developer would give something that gave something back to the city, they would give them more gross floor area, buildable. You have the markings of Vishnu on
the left, so we could think of Vishnu as the conservative god. Biochemist Gregory Petsko makes a convincing argument that, in the next 50 years, we'll see an epidemic of neurological diseases, such as Alzheimer's,
as the world population ages. His solution: more research into the brain and its functions. If you leave it on the pavement and if all the adults go away, then they will show off with each other about what
they can do. For example, here's a leg: the clear part is stiff, the white part is compliant, and you don't need any axles there or anything. All right. Stay strong. Peace. so we needed to figure out a way
to overcome that. Oh wait, it's on your side, Barry. I'd like to talk about those sacrifices, because there were many. This little thing says here: five times what NASA's doing by 2020. I want to tell you,
already there's about 1.5 billion to 1.7 billion investment in private space flight that is not government at all -- already, worldwide. If you read -- if you Google it, you'll find about half of that
money, but there's twice of that being committed out there -- not spent yet, but being committed and planned for the next few years. Hey, that's pretty big. We say what we do, we say how we're different
or how we're better With those three systems, you have what is always necessary -- a level of redundancy that says, if one system fails, you'll still have a way to make sure that you're being controlled. And
one more thing: Archie was suffering from this illness himself. We can't keep doing that. High definition, in our opinion, has become the new orthodoxy. Because the problem there is just as severe, but it
is more sinister, because vitamin D deficiency, from a lack of ultraviolet B radiation, is a major problem. We think of it as a compact urban cell. If you are going to Jupiter, you have a very high-radiation,
you know, environment. It's about the same radiation environment close by Jupiter as inside a nuclear reactor. So the system is evolving to create backups that make it easier to detect those mistakes that
humans inevitably make and also fosters in a loving, supportive way places where everybody who is observing in the health care system can actually point out things that could be potential mistakes and
is rewarded for doing so, and especially people like me, when we do make mistakes, we're rewarded for coming clean. They've made a selection. I met him at a shelter where Free the Slaves rehabilitates victims
of slavery. They fought the suppliers, they fought the manufacturers. If a waterfall is falling faster, it's a smaller waterfall which is closer by -- because the speed of falling water is pretty constant
everywhere. so I thought I'd make my life more complex, as a serious play. And it does that in the middle of having great foreplay and meeting their needs. So it's not mutually exclusive. We need to educate
the kids. And I can split the others. Here is the South Asian, Arab world. The Hillis algorithm. 10 factorial gives you that number. You also have three microprocessors. Now I've been to a lot of marathons,
and I've yet to see any ... The reason for that is that everybody's an expert on consciousness. And he plays with this idea. And when we are at a position where we can pass it on to the next generation, and
we can adopt the attributes we want, we will have converted old-style evolution into neo-evolution. I run Sweden the same 16 year period. Several years ago, we started thinking about it. Techno-archaeology
is digging back and finding past miracles that never happened -- for good reason, usually. What the others are here for, I've no idea." They would actually cover the windows every night, so that light couldn't
be seen, because the South Korean government has said for years that the North Koreans may invade at any time. Paul Bennett finds design in the details Hispanic kids, two out of three ate the marshmallow;
one out of three did not. And this particular place, the Medes Islands Marine Reserve, is only 94 hectares, and it brings 6 million euros to the local economy, 20 times more than fishing, There are many
science-based analyses of this, but they all draw the same conclusion -- that we're living beyond our means. But I'd like to supplement their work with a little psychological trick, and the trick is this. I
built things in a time-graphics dimension. We need to know what they say they want, not what they want in their heart of hearts, not what they think they can get, but what they say they want, because that
is a strategically chosen position, and we can work backwards from that to draw inferences about important features of their decision-making. What's the recipe for a certain cocktail? The Chinese restaurant
model spreads. And there are three main stages. The good news about this is that the global community -- again, my Brazilian friends tell me -- is pitching in to help out. I'm not bragging about how much
we fund; it's how little anyone else actually pays attention to aging and funds innovation on aging, chronic disease management and independent living in the home. I've got five inches of adjustment here
in order to get the headrest in the right place. Their business trajectory would change. Let's talk about a battle space. I don't know, Taiwan Straits 2025. It fuels our daily lives. What was the feedback
like? So, life -- long lifespans -- like, that is to say, much more than 30 -- weren't selected for, but we are learning to actually manipulate and change these software programs through the biotechnology
revolution. I want to be very clear here. I'm not projecting some past data into the future. And then this kind of twist, with this balcony and the skirt, kind of like a ballerina lifting her skirt to let
you into the foyer. We build steps. And we build these things that not everybody can use obviously. And then by analyzing the various quirks and complexities of language, I think we can get a window onto
what makes us tick. That means we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, who lived around six million years ago. But there's one big puzzle remaining, and this was most succinctly put
to me by my primary school math teacher in Tanzania, who's a wonderful Scottish lady who I still stay in touch with. It arises around cracks in the Earth. Today, what many of us would love to believe is
that the Internet is a private place; it's not. I saw myself in the mirror and I looked pretty good. Someone is a golfer by day and writer by night. Why is that the case? And it's this journey that is of such
interest to humanity, and it's this journey that has been the focus of the past three generations of my family, as we've been in East Africa looking for the fossil remains of our ancestors to try and piece
together our evolutionary past. I've got combs. They're the only combs that I own. Thank you very much for that." But when did a bee actually ever give you an invoice? This is very strange for me, because
I’m not used to doing this: I usually stand on the other side of the light, and now I'm feeling the pressure I put other people into. And it's hard ... If you have any questions, you can ask this guy, who's
our director of national programs. He'll be on the phone. The same type of mark-up, like mathML, for chemistry. But metaphor is a way of thought before it is a way with words. This is ice water on Mars. What
can managers do -- what can they do to make the office a better place for people to work, so it's not the last resort, but it's the first resort? OK, it's -- how about you, what year? Somewhere in the Amazon
forest is the marginal tree. There will be a spinning magnetic field. Lines, of course, would be cut, the force will be generated. I had an awareness of being in my body, but also being out of my body, somewhere
else, watching from above as if it was happening to someone else. BG: It's well said. It's well said. But I want to jump up to shallow water now and look at some creatures that are positively amazing. I know
that as a scientist, I have information and as a human being, I can communicate with anybody, inside or outside of academia. The best Indian players who played every test match -- every one of the internationals,
the top of the line players -- standard contracts are 220,000 dollars in a whole year. So I want to tell you a story -- an encouraging story -- about addressing desperation, depression and despair in Afghanistan,
and what we have learned from it, and how to help people to overcome traumatic experiences and how to help them to regain some confidence in the time ahead -- in the future -- and how to participate again
in everyday life. What do the people bring into the situation? In the same way, our lives are dominated by gravity but are almost oblivious to the force of surface tension. Not that you know how long number
11 actually is, but you would be able to compare number 11 against the Pantheon with number 11 against the Baths of Caracalla, and so on and so forth. If you were interested. Like if you do an experiment
on stage, and nobody can see it, they can just hear it, they would probably think you were freaky. I've decided that, for me at least, I don't have a big enough head. that's been dogging me for the last
12 years was credited certainly to this chap, the rakish-looking gentleman standing at the back, second from the left, George Lee Mallory. Many of you will know his name. And you can make puzzles like this
one that aren't solvable at all. These just become numbers that we refer to. But when you think of the world in that way, it does make going to Starbucks a whole new experience, don't you think? Before the
horse. This next one here, "Machine with Wishbone," it came about from playing with this wishbone after dinner. And you never know when you're going to come across one of these booby traps. It's only been
with us for less than a century, and in that time, that fourth dimension, when radioactive dating came about, less than a century ago, and we could actually tell how old some of these things were, is probably
the most profound transformation, because it changes the way we look at ourselves and the world dramatically. There is a second problem that is maybe even more familiar to us as parents and teachers and
spouses and novelists, You know way more than any of us. There is a revolution. But you go and look to the center of the galaxy, it's thousands of years ago. And here is the crucial thing. And "The End of Print"
is now in its fifth printing. they increased education How would you characterize the historical significance of what's happened? You see, the battery is the key enabling device here. Even a supercomputer
was beaten by a grandmaster with a relatively weak laptop. And researchers want to know why. The power of spectroscopy was actually realized by Pink Floyd already in 1973. SW: I think so. And I thought, "Great. My
mom was in the audience. This, dear friends, poses a human pressure on the planet of momentous scale. And what was so amazing right from the start was that the idea that we had put out in the zoning concept,
basically, was instantly and thoroughly ignored, and like, two months into the whole thing, -- which is really a small amount of time, even in Second Life time -- I remember the users, the people who were
then using Second Life, the residents came to me and said, we want to buy the disco -- because I had built it -- we want to buy that land and raze it and put houses on it. And I sold it to them -- I mean,
we transferred ownership and they had a big party and blew up the entire building. Now how would you -- now think about that for a moment. This is my wife Christi, who is just, you know, my muse and my partner
for eternity here. And it was 45 degrees C. I mean, this was not what you'd call a cool experience. And former countries -- I say former, because none of them really came through this summer -- So there's
only 27 people per square mile, which comes down to about 10 people per square kilometer. It was the threat of terror that shaped their lives. You would not believe it! So I'm going to start out by showing
just one very boring technology slide. We have found a new way to express our feelings and to express our dreams: who have restored self-confidence in our nations in that part of the world, who have given
us new meaning for freedom and empowered us to go down to the streets. What were we just talking about? And then you'll hear people say, "Well, it doesn't really matter where I am, as long as it's really
early in the morning or really late at night or on the weekends." You almost never hear someone say the office. This is a recent shot of my daughter and her friends being together while not being together. It's
a "feel the fear and do it anyway" kind of thing. For work in three dimensions, with your perceptions of space and time. And so, that's what I've begin doing, and so I'd like to unveil the International
Canopy Network here. She switches from reverse to forward and she holds onto the wheel, rather than turns it. So, as a result, as a gang leader, you had, you know, power -- That's one of the themes that Sylvia
reminds us about: understand this ocean of ours, this basic life support system, the dominant life support system on the planet. And indeed, it's not just by chance that they're like them. Second, you might
ask, "Well, Dr. Eglash, aren't you ignoring the diversity of African cultures?" And so I'm going to use, as the metaphor, this association: quantum mechanics, which I really don't understand, but I'm still
gonna use it as the process for explaining how it is the metaphor. So he and Ryan organized and hosted a meeting at the Wyss Institute in Harvard bringing together specialists on passenger pigeons, conservation
ornithologists, bioethicists, and fortunately passenger pigeon DNA had already been sequenced by a molecular biologist named Beth Shapiro. You really don’t want to leave it if you want to have a career
in perfumery. So, kind of a weird combination of high-tech and low-tech. It's never -- it's really never been a more exciting, or a vital time, to be a biologist. And not only that -- he would sometimes pick
a leafy twig and strip the leaves -- modifying an object to make it suitable for a specific purpose -- the beginning of tool-making. And that's what we're trying to preserve People are learning more things
about it. But why? Well, transparency is scary -- like that odd, still-screaming bear. In our school district, the way we afford this is our school district allocates .03 percent of the general fund towards
nutrition services. And I think if every school district allocated a half to one percent, we could start to really fix this program. And seeing with the brain is often called imagination. Of course, my work
turned ugly, but another thing happened. Ed Ulbrich: That was a clip from "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button." We are not even two bites into breakfast and there are already nearly 25 sites that are tracking
me. The study ended after six days, because it was out of control. Sometimes re-greening is really the better answer. The description perfectly captured Edwards' personal vanity. a person begins to take on
what I call, "special meaning." Then we'd have to break into his dorm room and then erase the tape?" JO: What do you think this is? Child: I don't know. I'm the one who doesn't want to be interrupted. art,design,engineering,innovation,invention,play,youth A
recent study in the U.S. showed that, of married senior managers, two-thirds of the married men had children and only one-third of the married women had children. You'll see, the conversation changes depending
upon who's sitting around the table. Can we put it into our education system? Can someone learn from you? Knowing where your heritage is: what you have done in the past. and they are developing three times
faster than the developed countries, and nine times bigger. If, on the other hand, you speak a futureless language, the present and the future, you speak about them identically. What would we find out about
them? About us? But those are dots on a screen for you; what exactly does that mean? They're like sun shoes, but, you know, with sand. I have the why over here, and the how over there. So how many other Madoffs
are there on Wall Street or in the city of London, fleecing ordinary folk and money laundering? Then sort of take a leap and think about the universe forming. A whole new approach, instead of giving high
doses of chemotherapy by different mechanisms, to try to bring technology to get a picture of what's actually happening in the body. And that should save over two thirds of the lives if it's effective. she's
assembling the structure, Compassion: The empire of Iran, the Medes and the Persians, united under Cyrus, became the first great world empire. All right, well thanks for coming up. Because they help people
share news. Changing altitude, in life, that means raising to another psychological, philosophical, spiritual level. And my mom came into the room and she said, "Where are you going to get the coat hangers
to sell to the dry cleaners?" We can introduce electrodes within those circuits. Fourteen years ago, I first encountered this ordinary material, fishnet, used the same way for centuries. It's a longer poem. Up
until recently, that was the Solar System -- four Earth-like planets with small radius, smaller than about two times the size of the Earth -- But if you're a virus and you see this, you cross those little
legs of yours and you think, "We rock." We put all the problems of the world there, and I thought, let's let them solve it. So if the United States removes a million dollars' worth of lobsters from a reef,
Kiribati gets 50,000 dollars. So one girl said, very cleverly, "It's very easy. And if you think that that is weird, you should know that there is a three-hour version of this that's been viewed four million
times. What he said, that all too often, is that we accept the distance between those two ideas. Well obviously this is a replica. and we have strategies for dealing with these decisions. thinks in sounds,
thinks in smells. Well, because then it tells me the truth, instead of me imposing the truth. The simplest example of this is in the polite request. and this is not a small problem by any means. It's not like
its relation to some abstract form. Also, one of the principles of creativity is to have a little childhood trauma. My day started at 5 in the morning, milking the cows, sweeping the house, cooking for my
siblings, collecting water, firewood. When people knock it off, everybody knows because they've put that look out on the runway, and it's a coherent aesthetic. Note that word "cooperate." I told her that
I wanted to up the ante and hold my breath longer than any human being ever had. I made a stacking board. and there's your pea soup. encompassing inside, CS: The barrel of the gun! It can be compiled into this
-- into zeros and ones -- and pronounced by a computer. So I'm going to take you through, perhaps push you a little bit mathematically -- so brace yourselves -- Real intelligence is built on something else. She's
very glamorous but, you know, she invented spread-spectrum technology. Growing up as a boy, we were taught that men had to be tough, had to be strong, had to be courageous, dominating -- no pain, no emotions,
with the exception of anger -- and definitely no fear; that men are in charge, which means women are not; that men lead, and you should just follow and do what we say; that men are superior; women are
inferior; that men are strong; women are weak; that women are of less value, property of men, and objects, particularly sexual objects. And the physician will then take a regular MR scan. But the under-underdog
hangs tough, and 22 miles into a 26-mile race, there is Derartu Tulu up there with the lead pack. Thanks to the Internet, we believe we can get anything we want whenever we want it, delivered to our own
doorstep. And it's based on the cochlear of your ear, able to pick up internet, wireless, television signals and radio signals, in the same chip. For example, why not train them to pick up garbage after
stadium events? And I know what you're asking -- did I test it? you couldn't hit square anywhere, because the bat hit the wall; So to sum up, what have we learned from studying genomes of present day humans
and extinct humans? How are we going to perform our social and political reform to keep pace with economic growth, to keep sustainability and stability? There's no hole in the middle that you're going to
fall through. Will you be my power plug? SW: Yeah, he paid. He paid his life for this, And you'd still come out ahead. We need initial upfront investment to train doctors, nurses, health administration and
community health workers throughout the country, to set up the information technology, the solar energy, the water and sanitation, the transportation infrastructure. Now, each year we perform about 300,000
surgeries. Not surprisingly, you can see this is a pretty challenging task. Because I thought that had been eradicated in the way that smallpox had been eradicated. She's concerned about what's happening
in this world right now. The children's television host Mr. Rogers always carried in his wallet a quote from a social worker that said, "Frankly, there isn't anyone you couldn't learn to love once you've
heard their story." Just take a magnifying glass. You see what I have here? Studies say that tens of thousands of American grandmothers, grandfathers, mothers and fathers might be around for another birthday
if we included more seafood. The Dalai Lama lives in Dharamsala, India. And we intercut it with, "We are the premier science university in the world," because of British-like hubris. Now the revolutions are
called under the medium which is most used. And I wanted to figure out how I could take the blessing of these resources and share it with the world. Child: So, that one is his. And I was thinking, how do
I introduce this? If you would use a little bit of your technology to put tracking devices in trucks, and use Google Earth in combination with that, you could directly tell what palm oil has been sustainably
produced, which company is stealing the timber, and you could save so much more carbon than with any measure of saving energy here. Maybe we don't recognize it every time, but we understand that it happens. Again,
we are very, very far away in just getting to where we want to get to. There's a group of scientists in Cornell that are making what they call a synthetic tree, because they are saying, "There is no pump
at the bottom of a tree." Now, the obvious thing is to think about what we could remove from our diet, what to strip out, take away. She wears it every day. They call her the "Tree Lady," but she's more than
the Tree Lady. That is how you all happen to use and enjoy water. We have a decent trend. Now, it works just like a regular phone. It's not. I show you here some slides, some frames from the video, and at
the last moment before he hits the glass, he puts his feet in front, and then he bangs against the glass. And I believe more and more every time I listen in that that person's potential to do great things
in the world and in my own potential to maybe help. Here's just a few samples. Chris Anderson: You're peeking. In us, all the senses are distinct. So some of the monks in the villages were doing the same thing
themselves. What's really interesting to me though is at the end of the game you get stats and feedback about how you did. I love the Wired headline: Pigs Fly, Hell Freezes Over and Verizon Opens Up Its
Network -- No. Really. A lion having a late night snack -- notice he's got a broken tooth. It's how they understand access to this culture. So, I felt very validated when the New England Journal of Medicine
actually used the research for science. And not uniquely but certainly, the octopus in Australia are masters at camouflage. And the part that isn't spatial can often be spatialized to allow our wetware to
make greater sense of it. And because the biggest producers of content on the Internet are not Google and Yahoo, they're us, we're the people getting policed. There's the idea of paying teachers for effectiveness,
measuring them, giving them feedback, taking videos in the classroom. We have a dentist -- she's a grandmother, illiterate, who's a dentist. In a way, the static, stone mountain becomes a moving mountain
of sand. I just want to highlight one key feature of this system, which is the role of investment. This image, to me, is almost like from a Shakespearean play, with a man, surrounded by various influences,
desperate to hold on to something true within himself, in a context of great suffering that he has created himself. But not everything was human, and I will give you a very exciting example. She had no control
over them. The TERA system was developed from Haiti with support of engineers in the region. we published our first success. And there is a variant of this gene that is in the normal population. And if you
can bring another device close enough to the source, that will only work at exactly that frequency, you can actually get them to do what's called strongly couple, and transfer magnetic energy between them. And
it isn't until twice as long that they're all dead. Think of one of the letters in the title. But it's maybe the conviction as monkey and homunculus we are. We're finding that people can share the same spaces,
do stuff with vacant space. I don't say that because I think that's virtuous; I say that because there is power in identity. And this is all about darkness as much as it is about lightness, of course, because
otherwise you don't see these dynamics. Another possibility, very obvious, is homophily, or, birds of a feather flock together; So let me tell you a little bit how this was done. We still need to complete
the screening study using the low dose, and then our findings will need to be replicated at other institutions, and this could take five or more years. We did this software which displays it like this:
every bubble here is a country. Because A, we can make it easy, and B, we can maybe give people a reason to act today, rather than wait till tomorrow. So I'm afraid we've been engaging a little bit in the
wrong debate. The brewers pay to restore water to the stream. It extends opportunity to the rural centers, and we can use expertise in a very smart way. Here's what it looks like under actual use. And this
is a completely different song. But in the third great arena of life, love, Len is an abysmal failure. The U.S. is actually becoming a bit of a leader in kind of enlightened urban planning and renewal, and
I want to single out a place like Chicago, where I look at some guy like Mayor Daley as a bit of a design hero for being able to work through the political processes and all that to improve an area. Women
and children, especially the poor, are at the bottom. Now, when I talked about this with Kevin Kelly, he assured me that everybody in this audience pretty much knows the details of the prisoner's dilemma, And,
of course, in real life, it's all dynamic, meaning that it's changing all the time, so the patterns of pulses are changing all the time because the world you're looking at is changing all the time too. Man:
Louis Kahn, yes! KA: By being totally surprising and humorous, Casey Niestat got his funny idea and point seen five million times. Of course, human groups are nowhere near as cohesive Human groups may look
like hives for brief moments, but they tend to then break apart. In the late spring, early summer of 2010, shortly after McQueen's suicide, our curator of costume, Andrew Bolton, came to see me, and said,
"I've been thinking of doing a show on McQueen, and now is the moment. We have to, we have to do it fast." The first peak, obviously, is the limb hitting the load cell. 25 percent of her grade is based on
English. And this graph from Ken Caldeira. It's important to say came, because Ken -- at a meeting that I believe Marty Hoffart was also at in the mid-'90s -- Ken and I stood up at the back of the meeting
and said, "Geo-engineering won't work." And then there's the community outreach, engaging women in their communities. A couple months ago, Payne started a food blog called NeverSeconds, and she would take
her camera with her every day to school to document her school lunches. But there is actually a very positive side to this, And what a blind child can do is to just draw this. In a sense, it actually makes
you feel that when you're in the safe zone of studying behavior or cognition, something you can observe, that in a way feels more simplistic and reductionistic than trying to engage this very complex,
mysterious organ that we're beginning to try to understand. And I've worked really hard on improving how cattle are treated at the slaughter plant. Redwood time moves at a more stately pace than human time. And
then a thought came across my mind: if things go pear-shaped on this swim, how long will it take for my frozen body to sink the four and a half kilometers And then I said to myself, I've just got to get
this thought out of my mind as quickly as possible. And we sat. And at 2:30 p.m. we put a sandwich board out on the front sidewalk and it just said, "Free Tutoring for Your English-Related and Writing-Related
Needs -- Just Come In, It's All Free." And I just, I got so much confidence from him saying that, because he knew me so well. What we see here are satellites around the Earth and the Earth in proper registration
against the universe, as we see. All the fences at Green School are green. "Everything we do, we believe in challenging the status quo. Aimee Corrigan, a very talented and young photographer, and Robert Caputo,
a friend and a mentor, who is a veteran of National Geographic, and told me, "You know, Franco, in 25 years of covering Africa, I don't know if I have come across a story that is so full of hope and so
fun." So we went to Lagos in October 2005. All right everyone, who's got some interesting memes for me? And what happened to me was I bought, what was for me, a very expensive pair of shoes. Or to build a
dozen of these, or a hundred of these, around the world? When I made the sequel to "Elizabeth," here was a story that the writer was telling: A woman who was threatened by Philip II and was going to war,
and was going to war, fell in love with Walter Raleigh. We also found that the more people change, the better they got. Man: God forbid! So we went, "Oh my god, we have to go to the field, and see if it actually
does this." I'm 43 years old right now. Because I had them through 2002 in my book, "The Singularity is Near." So we updated them, so I could present it here, to 2007. And we found that not only were the
distributions these straight lines, but the slope of these lines, they clustered around this value of alpha equals 2.5. Not only that you can, but that you will when they are properly suggested to you. And
it hung for about eight months at the Cooper-Hewitt, and people walked up to it, and they would point to a part of the map and they'd say, "Oh, I've been here." and I gave, in general, when the negative
emotions built up enough that I gave to relieve my own suffering, not someone else's. and in this case, the trickle-down effect, which does not work in economics, works perfectly. So, her caretakers took
her to the village medicine man, and instead of suggesting to the caretakers that the girl be taken to a hospital, the person decided to burn her abdomen with red-hot iron bars to drive out the demons. This
fund was supposed to be used for the rehabilitation of water reserves all over the country, before the outbreak of war. When the war broke out, the rebel leader demanded that the fund be given to him,
my father insisted it was not in his possession, and he was killed because of his refusal to release the fund. Now, there is other origami in space. Handing out aid, shooting back, handing out aid, shooting
back. Companies often think of a one-hour meeting as a one-hour meeting, but that's not true, unless there's only one person in that meeting. And there are a series of behaviors that we’ve learnt as kids,
and that turn out to be quite useful to us as designers. He looked quietly at me and said, "You build this, you build this, you put this, and it'll work." The information technologies Joël de Rosnay was
talking about, which were historically born from military research, are today on the verge of developing an offensive capability of destruction, which could tomorrow, if we're not careful, completely destroy
world peace. More than 400,000 people die in the United States every year from smoking cigarettes. They said things like this. Female Narrator: There is hope, hope that one day we shall win this fight against
HIV and AIDS. He's like, "Is this still the rehearsal, or should I untie him?" Rives is here, and I met him years ago at a book fair; he does pop-up books. That's what spreads HIV." Even though this one is
kind of unusual, I want you to think about your own journey. And it would change as the colony gets larger. I allowed my anger, my bitterness, my grief to simmer a while, and then I made up my mind that
I was going to make a different world, and we can do that together." I was driving down 7th Avenue one night at 3 a.m., and this steam pouring out of the street, and I thought, "What causes that?" And that
-- who’s to say? It's obvious that most of the things we think about that have lost their body hair, mammals without body hair, are aquatic ones, like the dugong, the walrus, the dolphin, the hippopotamus,
the manatee. And a couple of wallowers-in-mud like the babirusa. But really, where are those birds going to get released to? Anyway, the question I think people should talk about -- and it's absolutely taboo
-- is, how many people should there be? And surely, at three and four years old, I was listening to the soothing sound of her voice, but I think I was also getting my first lesson in activist work. And we
encourage anybody to join this effort. So this actually has given rise to a really big Internet meme that tens of thousands of people have participated in, which is called CAPTCHA art. And that stuff, you
see, is going to it the other way. so we covered that fairly extensively in Skeptic magazine. too complicated. One of the challenges is that the richer we are, the longer we live. Okay, that was kind of cool. They're
going to be entering this car one by one. We were peer-learning, we were engineering, we were making things, prototyping, but most importantly we were trying our prototypes in the water as often as possible,
to fail as quickly as possible, to learn from. He was flying off the coast of Goa, 21 years ago, 1988. October, 1988. The reason I'm doing that is because those are going to be the areas that are the most
significant to us. So for the subway in New York, I saw a correspondence between riding the subway It is travel in time, travel on time. What also happened that year is in the areas where there were good
rains, and where farmers had previously produced surplus grain, farmers had decided to withdraw from the fertilizer market, not use fertilizer and actually had dropped their use of fertilizer by 27 percent. Girl
1: Yeah, my character is usually a tomboy. Hers is more into boys. But what happened when the congestion charges were there is not what you would expect, that people hated it more and more. I'm from Edinburgh.
Worse news, that's even Edinburgh. Here's the data for 1,100 Canadians. It cost 10 dollars per base pair in 1990, then a penny in 2000. It's shown here in visible light. Well it requires software, it requires
hardware and it requires chemical inks. Most moms cooked like mine: a piece of broiled meat, a quickly made salad with bottled dressing, canned soup, canned fruit salad. I actually have no idea why. I didn't
talk to them. And you collect a big number of exes. At that time, at the tender age of seven, I created a story. So I'm going to demonstrate that through discussion of some of the climate change things that
are going on in the ocean. Find the truth for yourself, and when you find the truth for yourself, there will be a truth in it, but it may contradict the plot, but don't worry about it." A wonderful guy named
Timothy Prestero, who has a company called ... an organization called Design That Matters. No, no, if I want to, I can say, "I'm a novelist." If you haven't understood the world you're living in, it's almost
impossible to be absolutely certain that what you're going to deliver fits. And it's like your eyes start straining to see themselves. For politicians to be honest, the public needs to allow them to be honest,
and the media, which mediates between the politicians and the public, needs to allow those politicians to be honest. There is a great race on for energy resources under the Arctic seabed. But it happens
without awareness such that you don't, aren't even cognizant of it occurring. If you look at some of the surveys on how the young people actually benefit from the Internet, you'll see that the number of
teenagers in China, for example, for whom the Internet actually broadens their sex life, is three times more than in the United States. But he was a sort of a nomad at heart. So when I think of that, I wonder
what our grandchildren and our great-grandchildren, when they ask themselves that question, I wonder how they will answer. this gluten -- coagulates. And so here was this lesson again -- leadership matters. It
comes initially from the Latin patior, to endure, or to suffer. James Balog: Time-lapse proof of extreme ice loss And those properties of softness and hardness and darkness and clearness do not reside in
the carbon atoms; they reside in the interconnections between the carbon atoms, or at least arise because of the interconnections between the carbon atoms. You write the check, and instantly it depreciates
30 percent. This is a place where my friend, Abhishek Sen was interning. This is what Ann wants. She wants to be out kayaking, she wants to be out climbing mountains. The globalization of power -- we talk
about the globalization of markets, but actually it's the globalization of real power. And then some people in Chicago came along and they said, "In late 2007, the theme of the Chicago Humanities Festival
is global warming. And we've got this 3,000 square-foot gallery and we want you to fill it with your reef." And I, naively by this stage, said, "Oh, yes, sure." Now I say "naively" because actually my
profession is as a science writer. "How can I tell you everything that is in my heart? And I'm asking myself, "What is wrong with me? I thought, "Finally, oh yeah great, big company, I'm gonna work with somebody
with money for tooling and molding." We're going downhill in some rocky terrain, and the front tire of Alex gets caught in one of these crevasses here. A second thing happened in Kosovo, which kind of delivered
the answer, which I couldn't really answer, which is, "What do I do with my life?" This is the leg of a suicide bomber. The other half have one parent because the other parent has died through AIDS. So it
not only predicted self-reported political orientation, but actual voting behavior. And also we were able, with this sample, to look across the world, in 121 different countries we asked the same questions,
and as you can see, this is 121 countries collapsed into 10 different geographical regions. Child mortality is down by two-thirds. Of course, it's my job to say that, but it's actually true. A print subscription
for 125. In his home of Namibia, John Kasaona is working on an innovative way to protect endangered animal species: giving nearby villagers responsibility for caring for the animals. And it's working. One
of those was the idea of a crossover coupes -- you see it downstairs, the X Coupe -- they had a lot of fun with that. The current will turn on and off at random, even when it's supposed to be on. I have
a Helios. We have the first video. Narrator: With a wingspan of 247 feet, this makes her larger than a Boeing 747. You might argue that the story, the history of civilizations, has been civilizations gathered
around seas -- with the first ones around the Mediterranean, the more recent ones in the ascendents of Western power around the Atlantic. And a funnel plot is a very clever way of spotting if small negative
trials have disappeared, have gone missing in action. Now, at countless meetings at, you know, the Portland City Council, or who knows where, they said, we need an architect -- can we get Frank Gehry? But
when it comes to fulfillment -- that's an art. Pick one: Stand up and take three steps, or make your hands into fists, raise them over your head as high as you can for five seconds. Go! Obviously that doesn't
work very well for — CA: What just happened there? We just saw something land? In case anyone out there is looking for a job in a recession, that's the page to go to. These gorillas were murdered, some would
even say crucified, and unsurprisingly, they sparked international outrage. There's another survey which is very similar to this, called the Two-degree Field of View Galaxy Redshift Survey. Males are much
more likely to die an accidental death in the prime of their life. Of course, what would we be without computers? Even if you left our galaxy out, you would not get a hundred billion other galaxies. The week
we introduced a morning checklist into our house, it cut parental screaming in half. I think we want the lot of humanity to keep on increasing. Personification and the imputing of intentional purpose is
such a brilliantly successful way to model humans, it's hardly surprising the same modeling software often seizes control when we're trying to think about entities for which it's not appropriate, like
Basil Fawlty with his car or like millions of deluded people with the universe as a whole. Green carbon, which is the deforestation and agricultural emissions, and blue carbon together comprise 25 percent
of our emissions. So this is one of our experiments. Do something different. What do you want to be? It's not enough to create one. And of course, in a way, when I say romance, I mean in part the aesthetics
of that whole situation. Right now, the way we test for drugs is pretty problematic. And I titled this more from less for more and more people as Gandhian engineering. There are a lot of people who would
love to have this diversity exist just for the existence value of it. And I was fortunate to find a photograph of a teacher sitting on some books. And does the wife know? Maybe not. But if you ask people
what the three most important things that they carry are -- across cultures and across gender and across contexts -- most people will say keys, money and, if they own one, a mobile phone. TR: Have you ever
done something, after you did it, you go, "That was me!" Right? It wasn't your ability; it was your state. brain,business,psychology,self,success When you are a specialist, you can't see the end result very
well. The second ingredient is autonomy. Industrial design is the art form of the 21st century. So now, at the opposite, we know a lot of people who, in very difficult circumstances, manage to keep serenity,
inner strength, inner freedom, confidence. We can see them. We had to actually look at recent crocodiles to understand how crocodiles scale. Rezero could be used in exhibitions or parks. We push that material
to extruders where we melt it, push it through small die holes, make spaghetti-like plastic strands. And what it is -- it's actually steak. RB: Well, I like to think it stands for quality, that you know,
if somebody comes across a Virgin company, they -- CA: They are quality, Richard. Come on now, everyone says quality. Spirit? And now Libya as you see it. Every time he had a good idea, he'd think, "That's
brilliant, I'm going to start building that one. but he did this for decades in the very heart of Wall Street, There are laws beyond safety regulations that attempt to limit how we can interact with the
things that we own -- in this case, digital media. Everything is about your town, where you live. We would significantly increase their ability to deal with many of the other problems that they have to deal
with -- of course, in the long run, also to deal with global warming. I knew even before I stood up to speak that my cheeks were inflamed. Now, you say, "If paper is a good idea, other people have surely
thought of it." He rides his tractor. Your heart starts beating faster. It used mirrors to create the illusion of tiny people performing on a miniature stage. Now, I won't use mirrors, but this is my digital
tribute to the tanagra theater. Roll that tape. And they are trying to figure out, "Safety is good. but by now, we've reached the mall. Because they get tested in nice, safe environments. Let me compare Senegal,
a Muslim dominated country, with a Christian dominated country, Ghana. When the soul lies down in that grass, the world is too full to talk about. A few. Probably about as many as there are creative people
here. That's how much of a latterly thing writing is. He's the greatest young conductor in the world. But today, Kunene has the largest concentration of black rhino -- free-roaming black rhinos -- in the
world. That's where I realized the power of paper and glue. because you need salt, otherwise your electric body will not work. So he asked me -- "So this storage unit that you paid the rent on, what did you
have in it?" Think of the country clergyman or squire collecting his beetles or fossils, like Charles Darwin, for example, or, the hired help of a nobleman, like Joseph Priestley, who was the literary companion
to the Marquis of Lansdowne when he discovered oxygen. And this is Hedy Lamarr. And finally, I'd like to leave you with a glimpse that takes us back to the world of imagery. And Dr. Robicsek reeled back in
his chair, but quickly gathered his wits, leaned forward and said, "Well, that is true, but I'll bet you went to the movie with a grandchild." "Well, yes, I did," conceded Mr. Milliken. They talked about
science and the need for a new scientific revolution. So I looked in the book for the most difficult move, and it was this. They don't want to pay the international fees, so they're like, "Timmy! Is that
you?" He asked all his friends that he thought were good physicists, "Was it your mom or your pop that influenced you?" And to a man -- they were all men -- to a man, every single one of them said, "My
mother." There went that theory down the trashcan of history. It goes like this: 163 people across four separate tests -- everyone wrote down their personal goal. So, there are lots of reasons for eating
this way that go beyond just your health. The pleasure system, as you see, which is the internal opiates, there is a hormone oxytocin, is widely spread throughout the brain. She does that through important
visual forms of photography and film. I hope that you will be able to see not just my Taliban-like beard, but also the richness and color of my perceptions, aspirations and dreams, as rich and colorful
as the satchels that I sell. It's an honor to be here. Thanks very much. All you have to do is prove any paranormal, occult or supernatural event or power of any kind under proper observing conditions. Thereafter,
she has one baby only every five or six years, a long period of childhood dependency when the child is nursing, sleeping with the mother at night, and riding on her back. Because this didn't want to be
a surprise. The aluminum is because it's very light. In the same way that when I see tree moves, then I imagine that tree making a rustling sound. And nowhere else is there a better example of this than with
the Wright brothers. like, say, a tungsten light bulb -- is a better idea. OK? We know these corals grow about a centimeter and a half a year. For people to experience who you are. You can look down in the
brain of an animal that's engaged in a specific skill, and you can witness or document this change on a variety of levels. So when the Guardian did this investigation about the Afghan War, you know, they
can't walk into the Department of Defense and ask for all the information. I wanted to blend in like a chameleon. They are having a lot of women volunteers around them. They've taken to just firing into the
prison camp at random for fun. We think the things we make can solve our problems, but our problems are much more complex than that. So you get in the aircraft, you're flying along, and at 20 minutes out,
these jumpmasters start giving you commands. So, the where: We've identified 35 places globally that we need to work. So what's happening over time in life is that the ways in which you generate these new
ideas, these new hacks, are increasing. And the real tricks are ways in which you kind of explore the way of exploring. Within five years, each of these kids is going to have access to a cellphone capable
of full-on web video and capable of uploading video to the web. From there I went on to wingsuit flying. We will be able to look at income distributions in completely new ways. So it's not just in the cardiovascular
system it arises. Now, this is 1990, and then 2002. And here's a projection for 2015. In Somalia, the central government collapsed and clan warfare broke out. There were still 18 other climbers that we weren't
aware of their condition. I'm a big part of a couple organizations globally called the Entrepreneurs' Organization and the Young Presidents' Organization. You've got maybe 10 seconds -- between 10 and 30
seconds, depending on how long the pitch is -- to get their attention. tremendous frustration. The way to break down the silos is to get inter-operability between social networking sites. and if you want
to do something about illegal tax evasion and transnational organized crime, money laundering, you have to get rid of them. And the building is no longer seen as an autonomous thing, but something that's
only inextricably connected to this city and this place at this time. And a project that was realized in Austria, the Hooper Bank, which again used this idea of connecting typology, the traditional buildings,
and morphology, or the relationship of the development of land as an idea, into a complex, which is a piece of a city where we can see part of it is literally just this augmenting, Historian George Dyson
tells stories from the birth of the modern computer -- from its 17th-century origins to the hilarious notebooks of some early computer engineers. It really wasn't until I was invited to the homes of people
that I started to understand the human toll of the epidemic. Why we might be victims of these career crises, as we're weeping softly into our pillows. Certainly we live in a competitive society. And then
there's the third plate, because if you walk through an edible landscape, and if you're learning new skills, and if you start to get interested in what's growing seasonally, you might just want to spend
more of your own money in support of local producers, not just veg, but meat and cheese and beer and whatever else it might be. Now if we could just play this. I don't think this will as a surprise to anyone
in this room, but by any standard they have never been flourishing to a greater extent. Which one is Kiki and which one is Buba? You woke up, felt fresh air on your face as you walked out the door, encountered
new colleagues and had great discussions, and felt in awe when you found something new. But I want to tell you something useful -- and here it is, so concentrate now. But we've found that there's lots of
other types of movies that haven't really seen the light of day -- archival films. We need it to introduce us to new ideas and new people and different perspectives. I know no women, whether they're at home
or whether they're in the workforce, who don't feel that sometimes. If you want to belong, you need social play. and it becomes ever more difficult to see how, just how a possible, sustainable solution can
be achieved. Why did he do that? Because most people are not at Stage Five. He purposely did not want these countries to make sense. So returning to the droplet, again, thinking about the universe in a new
way. We are learning from them. So I began looking around for -- to see if anyone sold a kit, some kind of model that I could get, and I found lots of reference material, lots of lovely pictures. No dice:
no dodo skeleton for me. But the damage had been done. I'm going to give you one of these two teas, and keep in mind, I'm going to pick one of these two teas at random for you. A traditional bone setter
is a professional. It relies on the willingness of pharmaceutical companies to license their patents and make them available for others to use. This is an aerial picture that I made that shows the Gulf of
St. Lawrence during harp seal season. But it got more manageable once they had a theory. Who are we? I mean, for as much good that kind of comes out of this environment, there is plenty of bad. It was said
to echo in Churchill's brain in the 1930s. These are people who, being forced to operate in a system that demands rule-following and creates incentives, find away around the rules, find a way to subvert
the rules. If it's a website, show me a screenshot of your website. The research that my laboratory has been doing, that economists and psychologists around the country have been doing, have revealed something
really quite startling to us, something we call the "impact bias," which is the tendency for the simulator to work badly. That was being broadcast, by the way, on a 4G network All right, and now there's
one last TED talk that Microsoft has given in the past several years. And you know, the first computer most people had in the house may have been a computer to play Pong, a little microprocessor embedded,
and then other games that came after that. What are the first principles of this stuff and where are we heading? This is one of the gentle giants on the planet. He's one of the nicest human beings you've
ever met. His name is Hamilton Smith. He won the Nobel for figuring out how to cut genes -- something called restriction enzymes. It was in her brain, in her lungs, in her liver. To show you now what we
are working on by starting out talking about the American soldier, that on average does carry about 100 lbs. on their backs, and they are being asked to carry more equipment. Well there's a little bit more
to it than that. and he says, "Yum yum yum yum yum! So by now, there must be a hundred pictures of me smiling with my sketches in the files of the Vietnamese police. Well it turns out there is a way to measure
happiness in the brain. And then he said to me, "What did you want to be when you were little?" I was free, I was happy. It's not any more pricey than regular electronics. All right, let's go. All around her
head was just swollen; her head was about two sizes of its own size. This is a year when Einstein is basking in the glow of having discovered the special theory of relativity and decides to take on a new
project, to try to understand fully the grand, pervasive force of gravity. The ones on the right were made by Neanderthals, our distant cousins, not our direct ancestors, living in Europe, There are clouds,
right. Here's my brain. The North Atlantic right whale is listed as the most endangered species on the planet today because they are urban whales; they live along the east coast of North America, United
States and Canada, So I'm optimistic Silence is sweet. And one ancient form of the book is scrolls. There's a chef in Spain named Ferran Adria. Now, I look at it somewhat as a way -- when you learn juggling
what you learn is how to feel with your eyes, and see with your hands because you're not looking at your hands, you're looking at where the balls are or you're looking at the audience. Which he did -- --
and has since become a great advocate of the whole idea. She's doing a lot better this year. She's on the comeback trail. CA: Okay. Okay. And I thought, "This is fabulous! I wonder why?" I was an anomaly, Hurdy-gurdy,
or wheel fiddle. Every one of these cells is an incredible electrical device. And so thinking about the models that we've just discussed, you can see, going forward, that tissue engineering is actually poised
to help revolutionize drug screening at every single step of the path: disease models making for better drug formulations, massively parallel human tissue models helping to revolutionize lab testing, reduce
animal testing and human testing in clinical trials, and individualized therapies that disrupt what we even consider to be a market at all. and these discussions can be extremely inspiring. If you raise
questions about that formulation, you really are considered a bit of an antique. So after the Sinclair ZX80 came along the very cleverly named Sinclair ZX81. And when the comet hits, the pressure produces
the buckyballs, and it captures bits of the comet. So being open for that experience that might change you is the first thing we need to embrace. And they can use that task-specific odor in cuticular hydrocarbons
-- they can use that in their brief antennal contacts to somehow keep track of the rate at which they're meeting ants of certain tasks. And we call that a "gal stripping" technique. The future research is
"How can we find the genetic and molecular markers for the viability of seeds, without having to plant them every 10 years?" Before we used to just budget on whatever oil we bring in, because oil is the
biggest, most revenue-earning sector in the economy: 70 percent of our revenues come from oil. They are curious. And that basically means, if you're trying to view this image file on your Windows computer,
it actually takes over your computer and runs code. And this one's called "Lovemaking Nest." This is one of the biggest shoe factories, the Yuyuan shoe factory near Shenzhen. It has 90,000 employees making
shoes. And we can violate your expectations in a whole variety of ways about representation, about shape, about color and so forth and it's very primal. And 15 percent said they thought there'd be a pandemic
within three years. And, interestingly, complexity is very highly evolved. And honestly, where we've gone through over the last 11 years, through an attempt to find ways of turning circuits and cells and
parts and pathways of the brain on and off, both to understand the science and also to confront some of the issues that face us all as humans. My balloon will expand to 500 times and look like a big pumpkin
when it's at the top. So he's going "100, 97, 94." And in terms of experience of capitalism, there are two aspects that the rest of the globe experiences. We have seven million people on probation and parole. Growing
up is about aiming to succeed wildly and being fulfilled by failing really well. Scissors are your clothes, glasses enable you to see things and keep you from being eaten by cheetahs or run down by automobiles,
and books are, after all, your education. And we do something different than what we did in the past; And he said, "I need your arms, but I need two of them." Let's figure out what people want. At the bottom
of the ocean, bacteria that are thermophilic and can survive at the steam vent heat that would otherwise produce, if fish were there, sous-vide cooked fish, nevertheless, have managed to make that a hospitable
environment for them. Dean Kamen on inventing and giving And in this slide you see the neurons and the synapses of the brain don't form. Excuse me, Pleo. finished that. And then after that I went to Harvard
Graduate School; In the next bit, we're going to see a couple squid. And as we did it, we realized this was the basic problem -- that taking the sip of coffee -- that there were humans doing this complicated
process and that what really needed to be done was to automate this process like an assembly line and build robots that would measure proteomics. And let me show you something else. And it was a technology
that was inevitable. And al-jebr roughly translates to "the system for reconciling disparate parts." So what I did is I opened up a hotline -- a hotline where people could leave voicemails of their pain,
not necessarily related to that event. That process is called a synapse. Now let me go back to the question of power transition between states and what's happening there. And so that's what we'll do today. For
example, from the third organism we sequenced, Methanococcus jannaschii -- it lives in boiling water temperatures; its energy source is hydrogen and all its carbon comes from CO2 it captures back from
the environment. Similarly compressed oxygen and other medical supplies are really a luxury and can often be out of stock for months or even a year. If you saw the genome for a mouse or for a human it would
look no different than this, but what scientists are doing now is they're understanding what these do and what they mean. You won't do anything else with the rest of your day. And this is the idea that Science
Magazine used on their front cover. Almost, again, like the Montessori toy idea. Now the first round of the voting didn't bring forth a clear winner -- so nobody had achieved the absolute majority -- so we've
lost those two, and we've only kept this one in meat and dairy products. And everyone then started writing about this. If we can do that throughout all the images, we could find a connectome. They opened
their scores, the conductor gave the downbeat, and boom, they launched into the Kyrie from the "Requiem" by Mozart. Here's a graph that plots the entropies of a whole bunch of sequences. And then, you know
when a pet has an operation and they shave a bit of the skin and get rid of the fur -- in order to get you to go into the seed cathedral, in effect, we've shaved it. Those were the two places. And it would
take a full university course to illustrate it. And during that learning curve the complications went quite a bit higher. Early on, in order to ship our specimens, we had to have dry ice. To get dry ice
we had to go to the breweries -- beg, borrow, steal to get these folks to give it to us. It's funded by foundations. And by the way, when I graduated from MIT, I thought the worst and silliest thing to do
would be to go to Paris for six years. Now, it sounds easier than it is because the structure actually looks more like this blue antibody diagram attached to its yellow binding site, And I became increasingly
more and more agitated, because I was there not only to be with them, but also to ride and create a team and I didn't know what to do. Even the hardcore in the green movement use washing machines. And this
is very normal now, of modern day conflict, After mapping humans' intricate social networks, Nicholas Christakis and colleague James Fowler began investigating how this information could better our lives.
Now, he reveals his hot-off-the-press findings: These networks can be used to detect epidemics earlier than ever, from the spread of innovative ideas to risky behaviors to viruses . If their eyes are shining,
you know you're doing it. And that's 70 percent of the United States stock market, 70 percent of the operating system formerly known as your pension, And what could go wrong? Israel and Iran: A love story? This
is the realm of the Coast Redwood tree. He's planning to eat that fence for dinner. which was the basis of the movie "Bladerunner." And he would point this out as evidence that we fear the judgment of our
peers, and that we’re embarrassed about showing our ideas to people we think of as our peers, to those around us. And this fear is what causes us to be conservative in our thinking. There's still time,
but not a lot, to turn things around. So this is a brief overview. So, while they became successful, I know how to make them, so I'm not a neophyte, and they're no longer serious -- they have become solemn. In
fact, nothing even actually comes close to our ability to restore hearing. Well let me describe one way that might one day happen. In this movie, you can see that the tumor is green. This is one of the very
few viruses in the world where there are big enough cracks in its armor that we can try to do something truly extraordinary. Because the simple way to do that is you go for a walk. After all, if you are
completely healthy and you have heterosexual sex, the risk of infection in one intercourse is one in 1,000. So I want to talk to you about two things tonight. That's really the central one, I believe. I photographed
him at the scene of the crime at the Snake River in Idaho. So, social production is a real fact, not a fad. So Gary Bauer is not too far behind -- has slightly different theories about evolution and natural
selection. How do you reconcile the two things? Here it was, the middle of the night, she was standing outside in the pouring rain, under an umbrella, in her pajamas, barefoot, while her house was in flames. So
let's sort of think about this. I think we have to compare -- — we have to compare the size of the brain with what the brain can do. Consider briefly an important source of aesthetic pleasure, the magnetic
pull of beautiful landscapes. and everybody is talking to everyone else -- it's not isolated points on a map anymore, it's a network we've created. We in the West, we preach the values, the golden light
of democracy, that we are the shining example of how it's done. She's a veterinarian, so she's seen lots of ultrasounds. And three times, the answer is no. In 4 minutes, atmospheric chemist Rachel Pike provides
a glimpse of the massive scientific effort behind the bold headlines on climate change, with her team -- one of thousands who contributed -- taking a risky flight over the rainforest in pursuit of data
on a key molecule. I don't believe we should. Now, I probably would have upgraded the old house to be more energy-efficient, Climate change deniers like to use this fact to confuse and trick the public by
saying, "Look, the temperature causes CO2 to change, not vice versa." Well, modern-day life. Can you come back next year and remind us again?" Some people say 9/11 heals the rift -- jerks the long-term transformation
gurus out of their 30,000 foot view of history, drags them down in to the muck and says, "You want a networked opponent? And two, will it do it at a price that will enable the country to sustain a health
care system without foreign donors after five to 10 years? Cosmic miracles are something which can be related to SETI. That's, imagine those pixels could actually start flying. My country is dominated by
drug economy and a mafia. Takes the bread and goes home. We can stop at nine billion if we do the right things. In my very last example -- I do a lot of my work using speech recognition software, and you
have to be kind of quiet because the software is nervous. When I run it through my lab, this heat-mapping shows everything is intelligible. It's pacific, coordinated civil action, which doesn't mean passive
action. And another key thing that I learned a lot throughout this whole process, But when sentinel lymph node came into our treatment protocol, the surgeon basically looks for the single node that is the
first draining lymph node of the cancer. In the last century -- that's the one that was seven years ago -- half a billion people died from smallpox: more than all the wars in history, more than any other
infectious disease in the history of the world. And they're not going down the right path. It's used to treat osteoporosis, and they got that twice a year. The Yemen Times already has a strong reputation
in Yemen as an independent English language newspaper. And it's in there that those mini-Big Bangs will be created, sometime in the summer this year. As I said, if he's in the park and there's a rear end
to sniff, why come to the owner? It was so mystifying: we couldn't make out what we were seeing on Titan. You know, culture was born of the imagination, and the imagination -- the imagination as we know
it -- came into being when our species descended from our progenitor, Homo erectus, and, infused with consciousness, began a journey that would carry it to every corner of the habitable world. Now, you
may have noticed more and more headlines like these. After about two to three weeks, we're looking at something which is about an inch in thickness. My pen moves along the page like the snout of a strange
animal shaped like a human arm and dressed in the sleeve of a loose green sweater. So when individuals come together and find something that unites them that's greater than their individual competence,
then something very important happens. Now in the 20th century, there was some hope that was generated through the development of pharmaceuticals for treating brain disorders, He said, "Be happy. He's out
over the channel. A fundamental issue that's not being addressed. You can see the camera on the front. We collect multiple viewpoints, vantage points, angles, textures. We bring all that data back in. The
earliest members of our lineage, the genus Homo, were darkly pigmented. And I've been very supportive until this picture shows up on my Facebook page. And that change is forcing us to question quite fundamental
aspects of our society -- how we keep ourselves healthy, how we govern ourselves, how we educate ourselves, how we keep ourselves secure. There seems to be a rule in nature that if you get too close to
where you came from, it gets ugly. How should we think of an electron in relation to E8? Chris Anderson: Welcome to TED. Ron Gutman: The hidden power of smiling But I had the presence of mind to give the teachers'
classes that I cut the pottery that I made, and they gave me passing grades. But, what it all comes down to is this. But it doesn't have to be formal learning; it's not knowledge based. And I think this isn't
just chance. Michael Merzenich on re-wiring the brain Play enough video games and eventually you will really believe you can snowboard, fly a plane, drive a nine-second quarter mile, or kill a man. Now the
funny thing is that Sarah Brosnan, who's been doing this with chimpanzees, had a couple of combinations of chimpanzees where, indeed, the one who would get the grape would refuse the grape until the other
guy also got a grape. and I happened to be looking in the door of the art room -- Then recently "Rock Band" has been a big hit. And then the one half that doesn't have a queen, they can buy a queen. It mixed
with my earlier passion for drawing, but it was a bit different, because using the camera, the process was in the planning instead. When Ford was about three years old, we shared a very small room together,
in a very small space. They made another machine to produce those people: the school. Because the aid and oil or mineral money acts the same way. Week after week, the melt probe will sink of its own weight
through the ancient ice, until finally -- And there's shoes and bicycles and things on this chart because I don't want to just throw numbers in a vacuum. If I'm not born as a genius in math, I'd better study
something else. And this difference between the self and the other focus I was doing my taxes the other day, and I got to the point where I was listing all of the donations I gave, and I had an epiphany,
it was -- I came to my check to the Seva Foundation and I noticed that I thought, boy, my friend Larry Brilliant would really be happy that I gave money to Seva. In recent studies that we've published,
we've shown that some of these animals when they're exposed to atrazine, some of the males grow up and completely become females. I have a new sense of meaning and purpose in my life. It was always part
of how they looked at the world. And that's what's really powerful. It's exactly the same in this context. It was a dimly lit shack. So I do believe that even things like that are very much the children of
'68 -- nevertheless that most of us had been even not born then. And that last point has made visual effects a constant quest for perfection. And the snippets of halting English were exchanged between people
who had one thing in common, they were starting again. You know a number of years ago, there was a Major League Baseball umpire by the name of George Moriarty. We first approached the city about Pier 94. And
that distance and knowing that amount of light is important because it's a little like you or I sitting around a campfire: You want to be close enough to the campfire so that you're warm, but not so close
that you're too toasty and you get burned. In there, we'll find a lot of the truths that we might previously have found in the Gospel of Saint John. Chimpanzees don't have a spoken language. We've talked
about that. And I ultimately want to recycle that, put it back into the loos, maybe wash hands with it, I don't know. We're going to go through four value-shifts that we see driving new consumer behaviors,
that offer new management principles. All of us are makers. I tell that story, because it has served and continues to serve as a metaphor to me about the level of connectedness that we all have on this Earth. By
that I mean not being lost in thought, not being distracted, not being overwhelmed by difficult emotions, but instead learning how to be in the here and now, how to be mindful, how to be present. "Learn
as if you'll live forever." And as I said before, I'll end with something that's carved above the door of the Carnegie Library. Here were have on the left, the Internet and on the right, the root apparatus. The
second stage was completed at the Penn State University main campus lab, which is where I extracted the chemicals, changed the PH so I could run it through the equipment and separated the compounds I needed
from the rest of the chicken. And so in some ways the tsunami can be seen as a sort of seminal moment, a moment in which the blogosphere came, to a certain degree, of age. That's very obvious, we all know
that. Now, it could have killed us off. It could have killed us off, and maybe it nearly did, but you see, we don't know. They're very large. This is very strange for me, because I’m not used to doing this: The
DRC is a dangerous place. I totally want to go to that wedding. Extreme runner Ray Zahab shares an enthusiastic account of his record-breaking trek on foot to the South Pole -- a 33-day sprint through the
snow. There are regions on Mars, where, for some reason -- we don't understand why at this point -- the surface is very, very highly magnetized. He's kind of just out there making a living. And I was dragging
all the food I needed, the supplies, the equipment, sleeping bag, one change of underwear -- everything I needed for nearly three months. In other words, for this community, they have this garden in the
sky. When I showed it, and I asked, immediately after the screening was over, what they thought of it, what was your memorable shots, they changed them. And they're all praying to the mountain gods as they
go into trance. And you can see that that change in massing also gives all 48 of the apartments a unique shape and size, but always within a, kind of, controlled limit, an envelope of change. And so I didn't
point out that in his own testimony the morning after the crash, Abed did not even mention the bus driver. It's a bit of a cross of my arm. Those who are interested in poetry, the poem is "A Shropshire Lad"
written by A.E. Housman. Anything in their toy account they can spend on whatever they want. If you take the difference between these two images here, you can get an image lit from the entire sphere of light
of just the shine off of Emily's skin. We'd like to use the pattern recognition capability of the human eye to find faint, complex signals that our current algorithms miss. And that in a sense removes us
again, like all of our scientific discoveries, or many of them -- it's this continuous dethroning of man -- of how we think we're special because we're alive. So, we put it back to VD and promptly got arrested. She
wasn't really sure whether she was seeing herself or not. And we had not -- I mean, we weren't frightened by it. CA: And so what's your -- what are you going to do with this? Rather, it teaches us when and
how to act. They had this old brass and copper. You are my hero. You're my Jim Shea, Jr. And if this is the end of my five minutes, I want to tell you that I actually did survive, which was a surprise. But
if we use a little computation -- we use origami, plus some tiles that count -- then we can get away with using 100, 200 or 300 DNA strands. These things make me different from you. Different quantum states
of an atom? Christopher McDougall: Are we born to run? So often, particularly at a young age, we look far afield for our models of the meaningful life, and sometimes they're in our own kitchens, talking
on the phone, making us dinner, doing all that keeps the world going around and around. Just imagine, in a classroom a teacher writes on the blackboard and a blind student can see what's written and read
using these non-visual interfaces. So this was the state of London in 1854, and in the middle of all this carnage and offensive conditions, and in the midst of all this scientific confusion about what was
actually killing people, After that, you'll hear Dylan's "Masters of War." It's really been eight years since that fated night in Kentucky. And in all of those countries, you can see, not more than four percent
of injectors ever became infected with HIV. This is the main pedestrian mall; we did it in 72 hours. Yes, you have to be fast. So epilepsy patients sometimes need the electrical activity in their brain monitoring. There
you are. We've sent mosquito eggs. I would never have thought of putting the Charter online. The problem is that -- let's say she got pregnant that day, that day -- nine months of pregnancy, three months
of maternity leave, six months to catch your breath -- fast-forward two years, more often -- and as I've seen it -- women start thinking about this way earlier -- when they get engaged, when they get married,
when they start thinking about trying to have a child, which can take a long time. What we have found working with the World Bank is that the poor man's safety net, the best investment, is school feeding. Those
three women have trained 27 more women and solar-electrified 100 villages in Afghanistan. But I'm thinking, you know, they probably had the "share" button a little bit brighter and to the right, and so
it was easier and more convenient for the two sides that are always participating on these networks. And then they blame the banks for being the bad guys who gave them the mortgages. I think people are beginning
to recognize how important this is, and it really can make a difference for millions of lives, if we get it right. So lets say I'm in Monterey, and I want what? It must be like that for Kyu doing things
with musicians -- it's similar to that I would imagine -- where you ... huh? And we looked at it together. And so this is one of the great challenges that is going to happen. And none of the people or the
animals, well, they all seemed oblivious of her. The bonus is that you can find wildlife around it. Let me take you to the real China. Well, I hope to change that in less than three minutes. We have to go
in with protective suits and breathing gear, and 30 parts per million of H2S will kill you. But then finally, it occurred to some researchers to step back and say, well okay, but overall, what do we regret
most in life? but that growth hasn't always delivered what we needed. That was like, we considered that super cool. We don't have time to waste for that. These slides just show two images from a larger project
that looked at trying to do that for Atlanta. And at that period it was -- in a way, a number of things were happening. And if the bus is going to stop and it's three yards away from the bus stop, you're
just a prisoner. He had a potentially life-threatening condition called epiglottitis. Because after all, we're doing above-ground mining. Just by walking. Interviewer: Well, it's certainly going now. This
is my studio in Brooklyn. This is the Arctic Ocean, and the butchering of the second whale, seven days later. and he's really interested in the transition from inert to living matter. It's what you dream
about. They were taking this experiment too seriously. The body yes, but not all the motor skills that we have. My fellow environmentalists, on this subject, have been irrational, anti-scientific, and very
harmful. And when I started the church, you know, I had no plans to do what it's doing now. And you have the cerebral cortex providing the great spectacle of our minds with the profusion of images that are,
in fact, the contents of our minds and that we normally pay most attention to, as we should, because that's really the film that is rolling in our minds. And I chose chairs specifically because I knew something
about them. And if you see the benefits of the mangrove in terms of the storm protection and cyclone protection that you get and in terms of the fisheries, the fish nurseries, that provide fish for the
poor, that answer is more like $11,000. Generating tissues of predictable density and behavior is the second piece, and will be really key towards getting these models to be adopted for drug discovery. and
if you've ever seen clay done, it's magic -- and I'd never seen anything like that before in my life. This is something I did of a tactile communication system. There is a great deal of poverty. We're going
to have -- -- we're going to have to live closer to where we work. Imagine if we didn't have to rely on artificial lighting to get around at night. And just as with the wall, how I wanted to be more wall-like,
with this project, I'd actually like to take more a of glacial pace. WK: I made four blades, just because I want to increase power. No, the DNA tells a story that's very clear. And so if you hear an expert
talking about the Internet and saying it can do this, or it does do this, or it will do that, you should treat it with the same skepticism that you might treat the comments of an economist about the economy
or a weatherman about the weather, or something like that. But the one that's probably the most important to you is virulence. And we sent it off, and by return mail it came back. And you see this all the
time in the modern world. Now there are problems associated with aging -- diseases, poverty, loss of social status. "In the Great Commission, Jesus said, 'Go to all people of all nations and make them my
disciples. Baptize them in the name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit, and teach them to do everything I've told you.'" And of course, it's your stuff if it's broken. But this is not just about
students sitting alone in their living room working through problems. Here we are. Now if we look at nuclear -- With nuclear, what do we have? Because she has been suffering from a superbug called C. diff,
and it's resistant to antibiotics in many cases. and essentially increasing life expectancy all around the globe. And God says, "Moses, what's in your hand?" And the artist himself could also benefit from
this sort of listing procedure by using it to estimate how many pots of paint he's likely to need in the future. Someone who is, as the Italians say, "cagoots." And then I decided I could move them around
a little bit -- So, we're at the stage now where we have to do this -- the people who think it's a great idea. I know folks said to me they believe it was one of the greatest errors in the history of the
United States. And a lot of what goes on inside ... So I would walk around in a daze during the day. We need to rediscover the lost art of democratic argument. The graphics were just horrible. But what I think
it was telling me is that we are this transient thing that's happening, and that the nature that you see out there -- the untouched shorelines, the untouched forest that I was able to see -- really bring
in a sense of that geological time, that this has gone on for a long time, and we're experiencing it in a different way. But you can't even expand more, no, because Chinese Sina Weibo, when it was founded
was exactly one month after the official blocking of Twitter.com. She just says, "No thank you." Are you going to be able to resist that if it doesn't have any overt side effects? AK: Well actually I prefer
to say that it's an object constructed out of wood and cloth with movement built into it to persuade you to believe that it has life. Every single thing I planned to say, they have said it here, and it
looks and sounds like I have nothing else to say. People fear them -- they help the rebellion a lot. Now, these are big questions in computer science. But anyway, the evolution of our species took hundreds
of thousands of years, and then working through interaction, evolution used, essentially, the technology-creating species to bring on the next stage, which were the first steps in technological evolution. We
need it. We respect and celebrate each other as a man and a woman, as a community and as part of this planet, and we need to continue that. Right. Yeah. All right. There's an insufficient supply of beds
at the orphanage and not enough warm clothing. What it demonstrated is that babies take statistics on a new language. I don't think there's been a mission like that in a long time. Food is becoming extremely
moralized nowadays, and a lot of it is ideas about purity, about what you're willing to touch, or put into your body. And over the next 10 years, they made 600 million dollars off their line of extra-chunky
sauces. Now the software is also getting smarter, right? They've tried to connect worlds they didn't know existed before. Now when we first hear this data, we recoil. I failed to do this. I'll inflate them
kind of large. Many of you may know it by the term tartar. There's a long history in astronomy of unlikely things turning out to be there. And I mean, the finest example of that was radio astronomy as a
whole. and it brought in a lot of attention, neither of which I wanted. But again it's the same story that if we take the background away, the illusion comes back. Right. So, as we're told that we should
all be leaders, that would be really ineffective. Anyhow, nobody would have followed them, except for a handful [of] men and women of conviction and courage. Or if you got one percent of the patients in
the NHS to, in some sense, be co-producers of health. And we left Karachi one morning before dawn. And we watched them and I'm so thankful, because she's just like, "Wow! This is so amazing." She goes, "What
about dogs?" So we put in dogs mating, and, you know, we're watching it, and she's totally absorbed. PM: Okay, and let's have the next. That plane is widely used by the military, now, in all their operations. It
has 300 options, I'm paying for 300; I'm using only three but I'm willing to live with it, therefore it is scaling up. Well how did that happen? Now for me, I'm surprised by this, because this wasn't how
the internet was supposed to be. Nelson Mandela went to jail believing in violence, and 27 years later he and his colleagues had slowly and carefully honed the skills, the incredible skills, that they needed
to turn one of the most vicious governments the world has known into a democracy. And we have a lot of skill and experience, but it's a trick, so how are you supposed to prepare to get through that glass
ceiling? See any common themes? Principles? Her blood pressure was an alarming 230 over 170. And I may say, I may not see the church, or hear the word or eat the food their hands may grow. but it is a deception
we enjoy. These are not just crop plants, as you might have seen stored in Svalbard in Norway -- fantastic work there. So we're saying let's build a standardized chassis, much like our car. Let's bring advanced
technology into the apartment, technology-enabled infill, give people the tools within this open-loft chassis to go through a process of defining what their needs and values and activities are, and then
a matching algorithm will match a unique assembly of integrated infill components, furniture, and cabinetry, that are personalized to that individual, and they give them the tools to go through the process
and to refine it, and it's something like working with an architect, where the dialogue starts when you give an alternative to a person to react to. He says, "We need more boots on the ground in Afghanistan." In
order to solve the climate crisis, we have to solve the democracy crisis. In the midst of the daunting challenges we face as a global community, there's something about this third way raga that is making
my heart sing. This is, obviously, that famous view now of the Arctic, which is likely to be gone at this point in the next three or four or five years. Very, very, very scary. But I know she will anyway,
so instead I'll always keep an extra supply of chocolate and rain boots nearby, because there is no heartbreak that chocolate can't fix. Is this a beautiful picture And in the movie, they've got a great
scene in there where the word "shoe" is said, and a whole bunch of '50s and '60s shoes OK, there is my childhood church, that's specific. There's some more, Fort Collins. You're being constrained by the
public's opinion. I want to start with this slide, because this slide sort of tells the story the way Science Magazine thinks of it. What does this all mean for us? But you can see the music on his face. It
is very tough. Yesterday, Negroponte was talking about viral telecommunications but -- what's a virus? We can share ideas with other people, and when they discover them, they share with us. And indeed, it's
this part of the brain, the core of the nucleus accumbens, actually, that is becoming active as you're measuring your gains and losses. I'm a believer in global warming, Well, all of us here, I'll bet, had
some great teachers. In fact, it's very likely that this muscular person will end up like this one here, racked with tuberculosis and mercury poisoning in just a few years. ♫ Everyone is crying at the dread
hypnotic flying ♫ ♫ of the bee of the bird of the moth. ♫ ♫ You can't walk, you can't ramble ♫ ♫ 'cause you're gonna have to scramble ♫ ♫ from the bee of the bird of the moth. ♫ ♫ Catbird is a cat ♫ ♫
but he's got bugness in his veins. ♫ ♫ Manhouse lives within himself ♫ ♫ with thoughtful human brains. ♫ ♫ Neither one is equal ♫ ♫ to the challenge of the freak we'll call ♫ ♫ the bee of the bird of the
moth. ♫ ♫ Now the moth ♫ ♫ defeats the mouse and man. ♫ ♫ It's messing with the plan. ♫ ♫ It can't be believed ♫ ♫ 'cause it's just a hummingbird moth ♫ ♫ who's acting like the bird ♫ ♫ that thinks it's
a bee. ♫ ♫ Got a brand new shipment ♫ ♫ of electrical equipment ♫ ♫ it's addressed to the bottom of the sea. ♫ ♫ Send a tangerine-colored ♫ ♫ nuclear submarine ♫ ♫ with a sticker that says STP. ♫ ♫ Windshield
wiper washer fluid ♫ ♫ spraying in the air ... ♫ ♫ headlights under head lice ♫ ♫ under hats lie everywhere. ♫ ♫ Subatomic waves ♫ ♫ to the underwater caves ♫ ♫ of the bee of the bird of the moth. ♫ ♫
Now the moth defeats the mouse and man. ♫ ♫ It's messing with the plan. ♫ ♫ It can't be believed ♫ ♫ 'cause it's just a hummingbird moth ♫ ♫ who's acting like a bird ♫ ♫ that thinks it's a bee. ♫ ♫ Is
it us or is this messed up? ♫ ♫ Everyone's deforming ♫ ♫ in the presence of the swarming ♫ ♫ of the bee of the bird of the moth. ♫ ♫ Protozoa, snakes and horses ♫ ♫ have enlisted in the forces ♫ ♫ of the
bee of bird of the moth. ♫ ♫ Catbug is a cat ♫ ♫ but he's got bugness in his veins. ♫ ♫ Manhouse lives within himself ♫ ♫ with thoughtful human brains. ♫ ♫ Neither one is equal ♫ ♫ to the challenge of
the freak we'll call ♫ ♫ the bee of the bird of the moth. ♫ Thanks a lot. When she got up to make tea, she placed him in my own lap and I had never felt a child that was that emaciated. Is it a product of
natural selection, like our hands? This whole thesis really came home to me when I went to visit a college in Kansas City -- working-class college. It's a bit like this: imagine that we'd only ever encountered
Euclidean space. There was a great TED moment, I think it was Sir Ken Robinson, was it? I don't get necessarily inspired by research. A bottle of champagne for anyone that tells me. It's created in 1945 by
a psychologist named Karl Duncker. For others it's not the past, it's not the present, it's only about the future. And he'll improvise entire concerts off the top of his head, and he'll never play it exactly
the same way again, and so, as a form of intense creativity, I think this is a great example. It can't be because of play. And this fish, which is one of my favorites, has three headlights on each side of
its head. And this is an extraordinary thing, right? This is the dead duck. It flew against the window. And I'm not that far. Because their teachers say that after the session is over, the children continue
to Google further. That is matter that doesn't interact with light the typical way that ordinary matter does, the way the light's shining on me or on the stage. We went down into the Rift Valley. Now in string
theory, all the numbers are reflections of the way strings can vibrate. The coveted right-hand page was not given up to the whole issue. None of your media got it right. Whenever they have a moment they chat
to each other. Their culture is being destroyed, along with the animals upon whom they depend. This is Chuck showing simultaneous control of all the joints. It brings carrying capacity down, So I said, "Well,
perhaps we should construct based on life as a universal process. So, what do you do? but the reason I'm showing you this is that something very interesting happened in Formula 1 racing over the past couple
of decades. And she responded with, "I'm here." This is when those big forms arose -- the symphonies, the sonatas, the concertos. And boy are we willing to fill in those gaps in our lives with lies. And they
did start to evolve. On the other hand, with indirect language, if you issue a veiled bribe, then the dishonest officer could interpret it as a bribe, in which case you get the payoff of going free. And
what I'd like to tell you is we don't see shadow, and we don't see light too; I think we're all in this room, probably, because we know that, in fact, Africa is the only region in the world where hunger
and malnutrition are projected to go up over the next 10 years, And even studies of cooperation show that cooperation between individuals lights up reward centers of the brain. So with disease models like
these, we can fight back faster than ever before and understand the disease better than ever before, and maybe discover drugs even faster. And then, within zoology, I took the course or the discipline of
entomology, the science of insects. The computer learned what the monkey brain did to move its arm in various ways. Some ideas I've had is like, look, the reality is -- kids in the South Bronx need apples
and carrots and so do kids in Botswana. In Vivian's case, her unit of production isn't the tangible hours she works, Africa,activism,communication,disaster relief,global issues,technology So as we are facing
all the multiple crises in our world at the moment, what is good for us on a personal level, what's going to bring more joy, gratitude, effectiveness in our lives and be the best for our own careers is
also what is best for the world. What I see is a cow about to eat something delicious. What is that cow eating? These lionesses, seen from a distance, looked like they were fighting. I would caddy, I would
go to the golf course and caddy for people. Of course, earthquakes and all the natural phenomena -- floods, tornadoes, etc. -- take their toll. I'm going to show you an example of each of these, and I'm
going to start with materials. You've all got a copy. chemistry,climate change,environment,global issues,science The gap is between doing anything and doing nothing. It became so outrageous, the whole situation,
that in fact a commission of inquiry was appointed, and it reported in 1982, 30 years ago it reported -- the Ballah Report -- 30 years ago, and immediately the government-to-government arrangements were
stopped. You're using us as instruments, not as partners. And then the newly mated queens fly off somewhere, drop their wings, dig a hole and go into that hole and start laying eggs. And I think some of these
technologies will enable us to be more connected with our patients, and take more time and actually do the important human touch elements of medicine, as augmented by these sorts of technologies. Today,
the Boeings and the Lockheeds don't spend a dollar of their own money in R&amp;D. And you can ferret away at those little sub-questions. Yes, you can, and I'll show you in a second how to do that. Those of
you who remember Al Gore, during the first term and then during his successful but unelected run for the presidency, may remember him as being kind of wooden and not entirely his own person, at least in
public. And this piece of 50-year-old technology became the most magical thing to me. And that's the Tonga underworld. We're seeing the emergence of long-term and highly-funded programs which aim at understanding
our networked world from a complexity point of view. It was a table as long as this carpet and the harbor commissioner was here, and I was here, and my guys. And that's exactly what cricket has done. You
can put shoes on your feet; you can play golf with golf clubs; and chewed up bubble gum doesn't do anything at all for you. The idea that art can actually evaluate the relationship between what it means
to be in a picture, and what it means to be in a space. What is the difference? This is Lake Lanier. My friend Heidi Cullen said that if we gave droughts names the way we give hurricanes names, we'd call
the one in the southeast now Katrina, and we would say it's headed toward Atlanta. We are way, way outside the normal, natural variability. But I was still concerned, so I said, "You know what, I'm not going
to do it." and suddenly Sully has become a key name on Babycenter. Essentially, it does it by providing a smooth ramp of gradual step-by-step increment. I'm thinking, "Oh my gosh, I sound like a Golden Retriever." "That
crazy woman. She's off again. She'll say anything won't she?" But by now, everybody agrees that the elephant had an aquatic ancestor. This has come 'round to be that all those naked pachyderms have aquatic
ancestors. And one of the the cutting-edge areas that we're just incredibly excited about is stem cell therapy. You can change the cells in your body, but what if you could change the cells in your offspring? And
it was a shocker, because it was everything we wanted those other pictures taken from orbit to be. "You didn't shave." "But sir —" "No, don't tell me how often you scraped your face this morning. He tried
the marketing solution, which is he declared the potato as a royal vegetable, and none but the royal family could consume it. Now, Mayor Bloomberg, thank you very much, we no longer need work permits, which
comes with slices and bonded contractors -- we're available for you -- We decided to go to Boston. And that was the genesis of the Genographic Project. We're working on our college essays. Send them in." If
you're trying to influence corporations to change their behavior, with regard to producing pollutants, one approach, the common approach, is to exhort them to be better, to explain to them what damage
they're doing to the planet. That means you, your neighbor, your cellphone, the auditorium can become a black hole if you can figure out how to compress it down to the size of the Schwarzschild radius. We
fold it, and we transport it in a spacecraft. and I want to show you this to demonstrate the type of resources available to these groups. And you can see, this LED is going to glow. Well, babies all over
the world are what I like to describe as "citizens of the world." They can discriminate all the sounds of all languages, no matter what country we're testing and what language we're using, And technology
democratized music by making everything available. Of course you're going to think this. And I started thinking about some of these decisions I have to make between, like, serif versus san-serif. You're basically
face-to-face with someone that essentially decides life or death. they have children that they don't want or they cannot feed. Perhaps there are other states that we can't access because of how our minds
are structured but other minds possibly could access them. Like, what if one could be anyone at any time? But yesterday the city called them and said, "Look, we're going to have to tear it down. Because
this can be taken for advertising, and because of the law, it has to be taken down." Twenty-eight comments. That's not a huge amount of people reading, but 28 people matter. And at a certain point, you look
around, you're like, "Whoa, this is a really nerdy crowd." And that's the country where I come from; that's Turkey. Carbon dioxide level has gone up and up and up. And by appreciating complexity, they become
more tolerant, and tolerance leads to hope. You're not RoboCop, and you're not Terminator, but you're cyborgs every time you look at a computer screen or use one of your cell phone devices. Well actually,
he raped her, but he would say he had sex with her. We might have come to this conference from very, very different stations in life, but believe me, we all share one incredibly powerful thing: we have
nothing to lose and everything to gain. There are several reasons why this is interesting and one of them, of course, is time travel. You all know the test for artificial intelligence -- the Turing test. However
this is still a minority for the very lack of knowledge. The public realm comes mostly in the form of the street in America because we don't have the 1,000-year-old cathedral plazas and market squares of
older cultures. Child: Oh, that is so cool. I gave when solutions were on sale. So you see the nest maintenance workers come out with a bit of sand, put it down, turn around, and go back in. Let me just talk
about brands for a moment, because some of you run brands. Every brand is out there making sound right now. Their fantastic philanthropic investment made this possible, And the answer is about half a second. He's
about five-foot three and a half on a good day, standing fully upright in cowboy boots. It came in at speeds that were tremendous, slammed into the ground, blew up, and exploded with the energy of roughly
a 20-megaton nuclear bomb -- a very hefty bomb. And I guess we have a bit of news clip to precede. And it actually means sad. I realized that I had been so immersed in the media coverage of Mexicans that
they had become one thing in my mind, the abject immigrant. You just didn't want to respond to that person that time. And toward the end, he said, "If you would know the pine tree, go to the pine tree." There
is so much darkness and secrecy surrounding them. There are several instances in Uttar Pradesh before their case is given a proper review. BLACK: My journey to yo-yo mastery That isn't one of them, for me,
but there's many others. And this particular beach is Kailua Beach, the beach where our president and his family vacationed before moving to Washington. That's a technical term. And so just to summarize the
result, well it turns out that yes, the different tasks are interdependent. And because I've designed the process and not the form, I can run the process again and again and again to produce a whole family
of forms. And right here, right now, we are brothers and sisters on this planet, here to make the world a better place. I can't believe it." in most products. Now when we go on to Stage Three: this is the
one that hits closest to home for many of us. And so what I want to tell you about for a few minutes is, what people have learned using DNA sequencing techniques in particular, to study the microbial cloud
that lives in and on us. Going forward, imagine a massively parallel version of this with thousands of pieces of human tissue. We look at the internet. Man: Enormous. PS: You've got a ... 14-foot croc. The
man was without legs and only with one arm. Do you believe the people who tell you that all we need to do is to spend money? That we know how to eradicate poverty, we just need to do more? So I'll take you
through that and we'll see what it's like when someone really summons the will to survive. but my attention and research continued to make journeys across the great variety of life on Earth in general -- So
our model is learn math the way you'd learn anything, like the way you would learn a bicycle. He shouldn't win because it's not foie gras. At TEDxWarwick, journalist Mustafa Akyol talks about the way that
some local cultural practices have become linked, in the popular mind, to the articles of faith of Islam. Has the world's general idea of the Islamic faith focused too much on tradition, and not enough
on core beliefs? We've started a pilot program in Ghana. Human nature would have to change. Here is the green one. Robert Wright: The evolution of compassion And it's nice to have the science, but it still
depends mostly upon the people, on your education. And again, technology meant that I could do the fastest abseil over 100 meters, and stop within a couple of feet of the ground without melting the rope
with the friction, because of the alloys I used in the descender device. On average, it was just a completely pointless exchange of money that I would regret. Which brings me to my third paradox. Aren't these
scaling patterns just universal to all indigenous architecture? If you shine a light on them, they produce electricity. So really, just an amazing image, slowed down extremely, to extremely slow speeds. Rather,
they produce the different particles making up the world around us. Just stop it. We have to really begin to change the way we think about everything. In other words, that risk on the quarter acre needed
to be repaid in a single harvest, or else they wouldn't take the risk. But then the big questions, two big questions that people ask me are: if we make these robots more and more human-like, will we accept
them, will we -- will they need rights eventually? Right now, he's in a forest in Georgia. Now, those who kept their mouths shut worked the entire 45 minutes, on average, and when asked afterwards, said
that they felt that they had a long way to go still to achieve their goal. And then this kid over here is saying, "Leave me alone with my toys." So I would like to invite you from whatever industry you're
from to join us in reinventing and reimagining the world, how things come together from the nanoscale to the human scale, so that we can go from a world like this to a world that's more like this. And finally,
the sugar palm forest takes over and provides the people with permanent income. But really, if we're all going to be honest with ourselves, I have to admit that achieving the end of the exercise was never
the point of the exercise to begin with, was it. Do you need, for instance, to be as smart as you are? Do you realize that we can take advantage and commandeer the machinery of a common bacterium to produce
the protein of human insulin used to treat diabetics? This is but one: this is Frank Gehry the architect's precursor to the Guggenheim in Abu Dhabi. We need to radically open up development so knowledge
flows in multiple directions, inspiring practitioners, so aid becomes transparent, accountable and effective, so governments open up and citizens are engaged and empowered We need to accelerate these shifts. These
images are not of issues. They are of people, real people, like you and me, all deserving of the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives. Now it's very unlikely the first things you're going to
see are like robots. And these same feelings are there for all of us as we face the world. There are thousands of professionally delimited subjects sprinkled through physics and chemistry to biology and
medicine. And on then into the social sciences, where it is possible in short time to acquire the status of an authority. Also, people like myself, we're fighting two battles on different grounds. I didn't
want to take my shirt off to show you, but I can tell you it's on. I was talking to Warren Buffett's banker, and he was chiding me for not letting my children make mistakes with their allowance. Well, there
I rotated it by a sixth of a turn, and still it looks like it did before I started. This is obviously a color photograph. So, initially nothing happens, they're just flipping around there. I always run it
perfectly fine. A few months ago she was picked up on the street by three older men. As Earth warms, now because of extra CO2 we put in the atmosphere, ice will melt, and CO2 and methane will be released
by warming ocean and melting permafrost. Galaxies, 100 billion of them estimated in the universe. We have to teach kids that Coke and Pop Tarts aren't breakfast. We have facilities around there. You also
have a buffer zone that's 17 square kilometers. And guess what -- they solved the problem. But you find ways to get learning that's relevant to people through technology, people and places that are different. Not
a challenging task. But he had a gift. And so this really shifts the human/plant dynamic, because a single house plant can actually express its needs to thousands of people at the same time. But many of them
are just here, because they don't have money. DH: I touched it, Barry. That should be enough. One was large numbers of bored teenagers who just didn't like school, couldn't see any relationship between what
they learned in school and future jobs. And everything, everything you say clicks with me, and it all makes sense. But you know what, half of those consumers are earning a salary below 2,000 U.S. dollars. And
let's give all four of these people a nice round of applause. Because all of my best school friends were getting dolled up to get married with a lot of dowry, and here I was with a tennis racket and going
to school and doing all kinds of extracurricular activities. We're so marinated in the culture of speed that we almost fail to notice the toll it takes on every aspect of our lives -- We like to hang together
in groups, just like wildebeests, just like lions. So it's right up in the heavens. Sexually attractive people are hot. A three-and-a-half foot thing, beautiful skull, predator, So, all the other dinosaurs
that you know, or your kids know, at least, on four legs. It's a fantastic device. We distract ourselves from our misery by running around somewhere, but basically we all have this common misery that we
are sort of stuck inside our skins and everyone else is out there. Salman Khan: Let's use video to reinvent education So what's Worldchanging? PM: But now we're trying to get the video. There we go. But I
know it's going to happen." D: Interesting. Micheal, bottom line, what do you recommend? So Puck meant not only are we fools in the pejorative sense, but that we're easily fooled. In fact, what Shakespeare
was pointing out is we go to the theater in order to be fooled, so we're actually looking forward to it. So preparedness means that we can do stuff even when the things we take for granted aren't there. I
want you to take a look at this baby. And as I approached the front door, Abed saw me, my jeans and flannel and cane, and I saw Abed, an average-looking man of average size. Dumped without political participation,
any kind of real opportunity in terms of economic lives, and then sentenced to generations of violence and prejudice and discrimination. The question remains: What happens when the music stops? But, of course,
affords greater throughput, and an interesting model of social movement. And there are a couple of answers to that question. It's been pounded for a billion years with a lot of energy to make it have all
that energy contained in it. Now, why does stuff like that work? That's the question. But what is enveloping Machu Picchu from below? She might have a bike, a video games console she only uses occasionally. She
was very pissed off that I had pulled her from her advanced practice. A bad sort of branding thing, or whatever. So, the child is given treatment. You'll see shots of the eye. So it's feeding back on itself. So
in order to do that, I founded a charter called Gua Africa, where we put kids in school. Sort of a timeline, very non-linear scale, nature rates and trilobites and dinosaurs, and eventually we saw some
humans with caves ... Birds were flying overhead, after pterosaurs. how lovely it was that the sun had come out. If you're here today -- and I'm very happy that you are -- you've all heard about how sustainable
development will save us from ourselves. However, when we're not at TED, we are often told that a real sustainability policy agenda is just not feasible, That's clearly enjoyable for myself. I'll give you
two examples, also from the garden: And some kids, when they get a bit older, start to lie. So it's clear that things are changing. and it's all getting very fragmented. And this has not stopped. So, that's
what I'd like to talk about and really, how do we get from where we are now to where we need to go? And fortunately, we have seen the government responding more timely and also more frequently to the public
concerns. So imagine that you make a solution full of this sticky material and inject it into the veins of someone who has cancer, everything's going to get lit up. We have ceramics and photography and computer
imaging. And these are all kids with no artistic ability, no talent, no imagination. And we bring in the world's greatest artists -- Gordon Parks has been there, Chester Higgins has been there -- and what
we've learned is that the children will become like the people who teach them. sailboats, speedboats. Don't be too aggressive, it doesn't work. This is the Stroop test. First, there's this amazing thing about
actually getting out of the box that leads to out-of-the-box thinking. So this will reorganize the way we design things. They did some research; we came back; and we think we have the perfect prototype of
what the students in the field are actually asking for. They tried to make a toddler's gas mask in such a way that the toddler can be held by the parent because proximity of the body is so important. And
then they make a little tent for the baby. Why would you do that? Now, besides saving lives, perhaps the greatest benefit of intelligent power is in its energy savings. It's what gives purpose and meaning
to our lives. And not everyone has a Ph.D. in science. Now we have our own liquid nitrogen. And the element helium was discovered just by staring at the light from the Sun because some of those black lines
were found that corresponded to no known element. It's not just the adage "write what you know." It's about gathering up all of the knowledge and experience you've collected up to now to help you dive into
the things you don't know. Going into the first surgery for a recurrence of salivary cancer in 2006, I expected to be out of the hospital in time to return to my movie review show, 'Ebert and Roeper at
the Movies.' Other singers after him went even further. It's just a robot. It doesn't have feelings ... yet. And I was born in Zambia. They wanted it messy, and we were happy to oblige. How much would you pay
for them now? The Tunisian experiment, as Amir was saying, inspired all of us, showed us that there is a way. And they tapped into the fact that, if you have millions of people around the world talking about
what they're doing and what's around them, you have an incredible resource to find out about any topic or event while it's going on. I asked them, "How many of you now add not-so-kosher things to your expense
reports?" And so, what's interesting about this is we used something called image analysis, which is taking timings from different components of Benjamin's face. Now we had stuff inside Biosphere to keep
ourselves clean, but nothing with perfume. My parents were radicals -- who became, well, grown-ups. Now here's eight centuries of economic growth. I'm surrounded by genius. I cannot help but remember the
organisms and the ecosystems that know how to live here gracefully on this planet. The Texas Tower murderer opened my eyes, in retrospect, when we studied his tragic mass murder, to the importance of play,
in that that individual, by deep study, was found to have severe play deprivation. is that just bullshit, metaphorical bullshit, or is there serious substance to it? And the surprise and just the amazement
of that was only overshadowed by my return to Toronto, when, in my inbox, 10 literary agents were waiting for me to talk about putting this into a book. These are all the tools that we need. She had seen
"The Vagina Monologues" and she was really moved. And as a result, she wore an "I heart my vagina" button to her high school in Minnesota. Energy is the key factor here. It changed everything. It's using
the API of a really great company that I work with in New York, actually, called Daylife. became a question. And also, the sound: I discovered I can make my ThinkPad pretend it's a telephone. So the right
wants smaller government. So we kept on going, and this camel kept on trying to take a chunk out of my leg. So we cannot eradicate poverty just yet, but we can get started. We're going to jump onto the next
one, maybe. Yes. Tripedal Dynamic Experimental Robot. It's a robot that has three legs, which is inspired by nature. I said somebody here must surely know, because despite the fact that there aren't that
many Hungarians to begin with, and the further fact that, so far as I know, there's not a drop of Hungarian blood in my veins, at every critical juncture of my life there has been a Hungarian friend or
mentor there beside me. And they caught smallpox in the one remaining place that had smallpox, and they went home to die. And when they did, they took smallpox to 10 other countries and reignited the epidemic. This
is "The Starry Night," I think, never seen like this before. Despite the fact that this is the most complex and diverse system in the universe, there's an extraordinary simplicity being expressed by this. You
know this, if you're doing something you love, an hour feels like five minutes. So, that's the kind of the thing I call smart censorship. and we're going to build it all right. So after this experience, my
art teacher, Mr. Shilale, he brought in these picture books, and I thought, "Picture books for kids!" We spend 200 billion dollars a year on diet-related illness today, with nine percent of our kids having
type 2 diabetes. And what's fascinating is that you can see this phenomenon at work in many more complicated situations. We take that tagged material and we put it on to something called a microarray. So
as part of organizing this and whatever, this commemoration, the police will round us up as they call us leaders. This can't be my mother. And then he had these two women who were traveling with him who
were pretty senior in his department, It's a 28-page software patent, but I will summarize what it covers. Spoiler alert: Unlocking your phone by sliding an icon with your finger. And so in Isaiah, we have
the wonderful texts giving all the credit of this, not to Marduk but to the Lord God of Israel -- the Lord God of Israel who also called Cyrus by name, also takes Cyrus by the hand and talks of him shepherding
his people. PM: But by putting yourself personally out there -- both projecting a different image of Yemeni women, but also what you have made possible for the women who work at the paper -- has this put
you in personal danger? Now he's going to pick up a pen with his opposed thumb and index finger. Terrifying guy -- agreed by many to be the killer of the Black Dahlia. Real dependence on this person. Those
were poor guys fighting for their rights. Your great-great grandparents got by on muscle power, and yet we all think there's this huge power that's essential for our lifestyle. And with all the wonderful
technology we have we can do things that are much more efficient: conserve, recycle, etc. Ashraf Ghani's passionate and powerful 10-minute talk, emphasizing the necessity of both economic investment and
design ingenuity to rebuild broken states, is followed by a conversation with TED curator Chris Anderson on the future of Afghanistan. And by the way, if I come across as a sort of rabid, hippie conservationist,
it's purely a figment of your imagination. Where sustainability is the capacity to endure and maintain, restorative is the ability to replenish and progress. Skill number one is the ability to recognize
success and the ability to recognize failure. So a German magazine compared German Wikipedia, which is really much, much smaller than English, to Microsoft Encarta and to Brockhaus Multimedia, and we won
across the board. And he read this, and he thought a person had decided that he was boring, And then three years later -- which in fairness, kind of is forever by Hollywood standards -- they broke up, and
Johnny went and got a little bit of repair work done. Kepler was asking the wrong question. But where we are today, things have changed. So, I always teach my kids to respect American ideas, but I told my
daughter that this is one exception -- -- that she is not gay, she is just confused by this American problem. So, as you get older, you may, like, have kids, whatever. As an evolutionary biologist, I'd say
this: our brains have evolved to help us survive within the orders of magnitude of size and speed which our bodies operate at. We never evolved to navigate in the world of atoms. Knowing that a missed patient
by microscopy infects up to 15 people, healthy people, per year, you can be sure that we have saved lots of lives. We are but two threads cut from the same cloth. The lowest percentage of entrepreneurs starting
businesses. Uttar Pradesh, the biggest of the states here, is poorer and has a lower health than the rest of India. The Sioux refused the money with the rallying cry, "The Black Hills are not for sale." So
what we need to do is to take these molecules and somehow install them in neurons. That format of forum, at that time, was not well-known outside of Japan. This is the USDA portion size, that little, tiny
thing. But we have to draw those people in, because this is about education. I'd like to show you thing called Snout, which is -- Transition groups in Chile, transition groups in the U.S., transition groups
here, what they're doing looks very different in every place that you go to. Paul Moller: I believe that personal transportation in something like the Skycar, probably in another volantor form as well,
will be a significant part of our lives, as Dr. Goldin says, within the next 10 years. Very interesting side effect here, here's a slide from Phillip Longman. So my grandfather told me when I was a little
girl, "If you say a word often enough, it becomes you." And having grown up in a segregated city, Baltimore, Maryland, I sort of use that idea to go around America with a tape recorder -- thank God for
technology -- to interview people, thinking that if I walked in their words -- which is also why I don't wear shoes when I perform -- if I walked in their words, that I could sort of absorb America. I look
at the grid and I see a warping at the edge of my central-left field. So, that's about three light switches lined up. David Perry: The thing again I want you to think about is, don't look at these graphics
and think of that's the way it is. But this is quite good. Over 100 million prescriptions of antidepressants are written every year in the United States. So 100 companies control 25 percent of the trade of
all 15 of the most significant commodities on the planet. It is the sadness center of the brain. It is a literacy for this generation. This is how our kids speak. DR: She offers water, and off go the two
worms over to the kitchen to get water. I've become the crazy wrongness lady. I just imagined it everywhere," which has happened. First, lying online can be very dangerous, right? Now, we're going to do other
poems for you, Now it's about something else, but it's equally profound. Were all of us the results of things done to us, done for us, the infidelity of a parent or spouse, money inherited? But, we've even
had that here on stage, so don't act like you don't know what I'm talking about. And America's not prepared. And we give her a piece of cucumber and she eats it. The film is given for free to the distributor
for TV and theater to show it the fifth of June. And if you simply show people these pictures, they'll say these are fairly attractive people. We will provide you with a pair of legs." Add to that the cost
of food, electricity, transportation, communication have dropped 10 to 1,000-fold. So, these are reviews of hundreds of studies by all the big muckety-mucks of the scientific pantheon in the United States,
and these are the studies that show needle programs are effective -- quite a lot of them. where you can make records of what went on in those islands of image-making. It was actually a terrible disaster
for Princeton. I've been banging on about this like I can't believe. But I'd like to describe to you a more subtle kind of diversity and tell you about the ants. It's getting harder to hide if you're doing
bad stuff. I did the 23andMe thing and was very surprised to discover that I am fat and bald. It has just that sensor in it. Well, what does that mean? Well, look out even further than we've just been --
I mean from here, with a telescope -- and you'll see things that look like stars. One is that the chimp on the right has a full understanding he needs the partner -- so a full understanding of the need
for cooperation. In advance, I asked that once my body finally shut down from the punishments of my cancer, then my family and friends publish this prepared message I wrote -- the first part of the process
of turning this from an active website to an archive." This is a serious consequence for nations like Kiribati, you know, where the average elevation is about a little over a meter above sea level. They
live a long time, and tend to die in their sleep, very quickly, and often, I can tell you, after sex. A combination of the cloud and the dirt is where the action is at. There is going to be no turning back.
Although varying among disciplines -- say, astrophysics, molecular genetics, the immunology, the microbiology, the public health, to the new area of the human body as a symbiont, to public health, environmental
science. Because this Friday, 50 years ago, Watson and Crick found the structure of DNA, and that is almost as important a date as the 12th of February when we first mapped ourselves, but anyway, we'll
get to that. You must be tolerant. The second question that I'd like to ask, rather simple: But I did know the game was up. All the dollars were allocated and extra tuition in English and mathematics was budgeted
for regardless of what missed out, which was usually new clothes; they were always secondhand. So on the top-level you have your overall results, the things that might jump out at you from the fine print. What
do we know about the death threats by the Taliban nailed on the doors of the people who dare to send their daughters to school as in Balkh? OK, I make little robots in lab to make these chips, and I'm really
big on disseminating technology. Harvest palms, smoke. Neil Harbisson: I listen to color And I'm only showing you a little bit of this. Confused, aspiring pacifists. After all, where else would we put all of
those children who don't have any parents? CA: That scale delivers efficiency. So we can save the bluefin tuna. I’m working a lot with motion and animation, and also I'm an old DJ and a musician. That machine
is, today, about as fast as my iPhone. We're threatened by the greatest weapon ever, and knowing a good thing when it sees it, the Air Force decides it needs the biggest computer ever to protect us. See,
when you get close they're really just blobs of paint. It's known as the Eurasian Roller. In India it occurs in the northwest, so it's known as the Kashmir Roller. What are kids learning? Where is the family
time? We heard a brilliant simple solution to not killing people in surgery, which is have a checklist. And here's the peeling action of the Mecho-Gecko. It uses a pressure-sensitive adhesive to do it. He's
got a small residual limb on one side. It has a plain high collar, detachable sleeves and intricate buttons of twisted silk thread, set close together so that the fit is snug. But anyway, that's the "lovely
love. " And then finally, the fifth step is compassion, "universal compassion." And beyond this, they have the moral skill to figure out what "doing right" means. brain,health care,neuroscience If I have
a GPS and a camera in my car, I have a pretty precise idea of where I am and how fast I'm going. I have a sort of a collection of videos that I took of different installations, which I could narrate. We
need to shift that balance back from threat to pleasure. So that means as their mate is sitting on the nest incubating the eggs, the other one is out there foraging, I often talk to refugees: "Why was it
that the West didn't realize that famines are caused by policies and politics, not by weather?" And this farmer said to me, one day, something that was very profound. Instead, what I do and what the designers
at Thinking Machines do is we think at some level of abstraction and then we hand it to the machine and the machine takes it beyond what we could ever do, much farther and faster than we could ever do. And
it was a gorgeous day in the African sun, and the dust was flying and the girls were dancing, and there was this house, and it said, "V-Day Safe House for the Girls." We live entirely by the imposition
of a narrative line upon disparate images, by the idea with which we have learned to freeze the shifting phantasmagoria, which is our actual experience." My own research has not been in IT or anything like
this. So, I called back Major Heilshorn, who's the public affairs officer of the New Hampshire National Guard. I don't know your name. Audience Member: Howard. Howard. There is a big difference. So it knows
how to combine little bits and pieces of trajectories to do these fairly difficult tasks. Huntington's Kitchen. I work with a community. That means, you know, net fertility farming. But now it actually might
be more technically accurate because it might bang. We're looking at the very top of Gaya, which is thought to be the oldest Redwood. Where was I? What was happening? That is to say, it's a big change, but
it isn't avoidable. But I can offer some natural light and year-round climate control. The entry point, of course, of most of this money were the off-shore facilities. Would it be crazy to know, 103 Gs. So
let's call it the death spiral of negativity. and so it's very awkward, and it's very difficult for them to do those things. YR: First, to instruct a younger guy. I wrote a post about wanting to buy a banjo
-- a $300 banjo, which is a lot of money, Among them there was my right-hand man, And the gatekeeper told me, "They come everyday to see if the center will open." So you could enjoy your most favorite TED
video on your long flight back home. It has been encrypted with XOR function 97. Although I should say that my traffic did skyrocket and go up by 100 percent when she forwarded it to my dad. So a little over
a decade ago, two groups of physicists and astronomers set out to measure the rate at which the expansion of space was slowing down, OK. Okay, now follow me on this, because I'm taking a big risk here. So
one fundamental problem that the robots have to solve if they're to be autonomous is essentially figuring out how to get from point A to point B. They're basically attempts at figuring out what people should
do instead of rush hour car driving. I hosted a television show by that name I was, for all the world, the "walking guy." In this case it's very intuitive; In fact, there's about five states that are worse
and only really four states that don't face this big challenge. That is my wish. Thank you. And you're only getting power from the air that's heating at the same time, but you're wasting all the energy heating
the metal and cooling the metal. And the amount of time each of us is spending doing all of this is also continuing to go grow. And yet we see very little talk about how the next form may be emerging. And
Denmark set this beautiful policy; it's called the IQ test. The first thing is water. So the way I perceive a mistake when I'm on the bandstand -- first of all, we don't really see it as a mistake. Now, of
course, this is an underestimation. And then when 9/11 happened, I had a shock and I canceled the exhibition At the heart of spreading ideas is TV and stuff like TV. I got invited to speak to the people who
dress up in big stuffed animal costumes to perform at sporting events. So why don't we have a good theory of brains? First of all, I'm a geek. Animals do displays. They do two things: They warn you or they
try to attract you and say, "We need to mate." biology,biomechanics,math,science,society,technology Because this is about 10 dollars of additional hardware All the processing to do that was actually done
on the device itself. It's such a feeling that my love, I can't hide, I can't hide, I can't hide." But you've got to -- yeah, well up until then every building leaked, so this ... RSW: Frank had a sort of
... FG: Ask Miriam! We can also use cymatics for healing and education. Physics is really figuring out how to discover new things that are counterintuitive, like quantum mechanics. All right. So I'm going
to take a piece of Chopin. And here is the gray one. I happen to believe that Libya was necessary and that military intervention in Afghanistan was also necessary. But perhaps more than anything, what this
thinking provides is a really positive way of talking about sustainable design. and I have learned a few things along the way. But I feel like a bird sometimes. So I got in -- in the Ph.D. program in biophysics,
and I was, all right, And eventually, it just makes them stop playing with it, So you ask about a defining moment -- ain't no defining moment in American history for me. He left, and I remember being actually
very angry at myself because I thought there must be an institution in the world that is providing loans to media companies. And as you can see, they're very non-uniformly distributed. And just as one example
of the kind of thing you can do, you can take a complex network, use one of these viruses to deliver the gene just to one kind of cell in this dense network. So I'll leave you with one of the most compelling
facts about this technology and these kinds of vehicles. Clearly the obesity trend is exponentially going in the wrong direction, including with huge costs. science,storytelling,technology So when I did the
calculations for the lunar data and the solar data at that location on Earth at the time of the incident of the shooting, all right, it was well past the end of civil twilight and there was no moon up
that night. And along the way, I'm kind of making papercuttings and adding other techniques. So here's Bangladesh. The challenge here is, if I try to systematically do this, I would probably end up with a
lot of summaries, but not with many friends in the end. 1851: The first treaty of Fort Laramie was made, clearly marking the boundaries of the Lakota Nation. In the next month, the end of December, you'll
see ovarian cancer, And that's interesting because they are almost retrospective. MS: I have friends who make great big, giant Hollywood films, and I have friends who make little independent films like I
make. I think the first point to make is that we need to recognize natural capital. And so one of the questions that I asked you is, when you look around, what do you see? And then for the damaged arthritis
on the surface, we did a stem cell paste graft, which we designed in 1991, to regrow that articular cartilage surface and give it back a smooth surface there. Well, now is that time. So we had a lot of discussion
on how to introduce Elizabeth, and I said, "OK, maybe I am too Bollywood. This lovely creature is an Asian cockroach. We're looking at crystal lattices to see the bonding process in this. Is it the Virgin
Mary? For most of that time, I've been struggling and grappling with questions about the nature of God. Who is God? Snakes are occasionally born with legs. I hope I've convinced you that, for diseases like
cancer, obesity and other conditions, that there may be a great power in attacking their common denominator: angiogenesis. Throwing overboard, as ballast, to change our direction. Well, these basically
are things I believed in such a long time. And then, king, after exactly five seconds. We've got to work on developing all these different kinds of minds. Only then did she talk about saving your children's
lives. One of my closest friends, Okoloma, died in a plane crash because our fire trucks did not have water. and there was just too much friction created between your finger and the glass -- if glass was
the substrate, which it usually is. Therefore, we must invest in developing leaders, leaders that have the skills, vision and determination to make peace. Now let me give you an example from my act. And yet,
what we found were that these were tools to help make experts better. They get there and they realize it's fashionable now to have dogs a third as tall as your ceiling heights. Now, something like this can
be used because this is after all talk about design, too. This was done by Saatchi and Saatchi, and they actually got away with this ad in Australia. So, if you look at this ad for beer, all those people
are in sort of provocative positions. But they got it passed, and actually won the Clio awards, so it's funny how you can do Remember that sort of, um. This is the joke I did when the Florida ballot was
going around. You know, count the dots for Gore; count the dots for Bush; count 'em again ... So, a convenient thing about being a human is you move in linear time, and unless Lisa Randall changes that,
we'll continue to move in linear time. We like what Barack Obama says, but we don't do anything about it. The next three biscuits are the foods that we decide to feed to livestock, the maize, the wheat and
the soya. All of these questions that philosophers have been studying for millennia, we scientists can begin to explore by doing brain imaging, and by studying patients and asking the right questions. Here's
a way of transporting water. ♫ Everything is catching on fire ♫ ♫ Yes, everything is catching on fire ♫ ♫ Yes, everything is catching on fire. ♫ ♫ Fingertips ♫ ♫ Fingertips ♫ ♫ Fingertips ♫ ♫ I hear the
wind blow ♫ ♫ I hear the wind blow ♫ ♫ It seems to say ♫ ♫ Hello ♫ ♫ Hello ♫ ♫ I'm the one who loves you so. ♫ ♫ Hey, now everybody, now. ♫ ♫ Hey, now everybody ♫ ♫ Hey, now everybody, now ♫ ♫ Who's that
standing ♫ ♫ at the window?♫ ♫ I found a new friend ♫ ♫ underneath my pillow. ♫ ♫ Come on and wreck my car ♫ ♫ Come on and wreck my car ♫ ♫ Come on and wreck my car ♫ ♫ Come on and wreck my car ♫ ♫ Aren't
you the guy who hit me in the eye? ♫ ♫ Aren't you the guy who hit me in the eye? ♫ ♫ Please pass the milk, please. ♫ ♫ Please pass the milk, please. ♫ ♫ Please pass the milk, please. ♫ ♫ Leave me alone,
leave me alone. ♫ ♫ Who's knocking on the wall? ♫ ♫ All alone, all alone. ♫ ♫ All by myself. ♫ ♫ What's that blue thing doing here? ♫ ♫ Something grabbed ahold of my hand ♫ ♫ I didn't know what had my
hand ♫ ♫ but that's when all my troubles began. ♫ ♫ I don't understand you ♫ ♫ I don't understand you ♫ ♫ I cannot understand you ♫ ♫ I cannot understand you ♫ ♫ I don't understand the things you say ♫
♫ I can't understand a single word ♫ ♫ I don't understand you ♫ ♫ I don't understand you ♫ ♫ I just don't understand you ♫ ♫ I don't understand you ♫ ♫ I do not understand you ♫ ♫ Don't understand you
♫ ♫ Don't understand you ♫ ♫ I turn around ♫ ♫ See the sound ♫ ♫ Turn around and see the thing ♫ ♫ that made the sound. ♫ ♫ Mysterious whisper ♫ ♫ Mysterious whisper ♫ ♫ Mysterious whisper ♫ ♫ Mysterious
whisper ♫ ♫ The day that love came to play. ♫ ♫ I'm having a heart attack ♫ ♫ I'm having a heart attack ♫ ♫ I'm having a heart attack ♫ ♫ I'm having a ... ♫ ♫ Fingertips ♫ ♫ Fingertips ♫ ♫ I walk along
darkened corridors ♫ ♫ And I walk along darkened corridors ♫ Thank you very much -- "Fingertips." We're designing for this machine dialect. It's not that people think that, when they feel the compassion. And
imagine what it would feel like to lose 37 years of emotional baggage! And so I had nothing to do but to sit and watch the television monitors with all of the news broadcasts over and over and over again
of the horrendous events. Once I was in New York and got in a cab. I took the backseat, and in front of me I saw something related to a play. In fact, they invite the honey bees through their colors, And
our colleagues in Washington, D.C. So the things that make a photograph look realistic, I think it's the things that we don't even think about, the things all around us in our daily lives. Is God a cold,
unfeeling spectator? That was John Kerry's home state. You can tell by the glasses there. They take their kids out of the workplace, they build a school, they say, "We're going to have stuff we've never had
before like three squares, medicine when we're sick, clothing when we're cold." We're going to win because we are willing to stand up for our dreams." And that's actually what happened. We won. CA: And if
someone could convince you that we actually can make the -- what was it? -- the 130-fold improvement in efficiency, of reduction of carbon footprint, would you then actually like that picture of economic
growth into more knowledge-based goods? and people who voted for John McCain as a result of that factor, maybe in combination with other factors, and maybe alone. So when her colleague said, "What does he
do?" Now, I come from a cutthroat world of science and high technology. There is a trend here. So, 500 years after Columbus, these ancient rhythms of landscape are played out in ritual. Is it beautiful now? And
so one time I was in a beauty salon, and I was trying to decide between two very light shades of pink. And her baby will receive PMTCT, which will mean that that baby can be born free of the virus. I mean,
in a way it was the most serious thing you could possible do at the expo. created, some new type of illusions. I've done something with taking the Pixar-type illusions. So you see these kids the same size
here, running down the hall. The two table tops of the same size. The rest of it's from the cloud. You have to have low cost, but you also have to have a function. This question: "How do I deal with a bully
without becoming a thug in return?" has been with me ever since I was a child. The tube there's hollow, about paper-thin. It turns out that what this stuff is -- and Richard Dawkins has written about this
-- is, this is really a river out of Eden. As he often did, Velázquez put himself in this painting too. Boy: It was about -- Interviewer: I mean, that much, or this much? Because the more we learned, the
more concerned we grew. Out comes the liposuction fluid, and in this case, the stem cells are isolated and turned into neurons. And there you see unification, because matter particles, electrons and quarks,
radiation particles, photons, gravitons, are all built up from one entity. He helped me tackle the twin challenges of precise shape and gentle movement. But let's not forget the hair. So Amanda came jet-lagged,
she's using the arm, and everything goes wrong. We all move the same way pretty much. So I wanted to create a kind of able to preserve ourselves from noise pollution. Freeflying is more the three-dimensional
skydiving. OK, there's two things I like about this. Islamic revolution, no more Cyrus; we're not interested in that history, we're interested in Islamic Iran -- until Iraq, the new superpower that we've
all decided should be in the region, attacks. This guy went up, went supersonic, ripped the fin can off -- yard sale in the sky -- and a burning metal hunk coming back. Meanwhile, there are still people
trying to use the beach. But I discovered, in researching further, really wanting precise reference, that one of the original lead birds had been sold at Christie's in 1994, and so I contacted an antiquarian
bookseller who had the original Christie's catalogue, and in it I found this magnificent picture, which included a size reference. So the North Star corresponds to the center of the device. Based on what
I've learned from taking care of my father, and researching what it's like to live with dementia, I'm focusing on three things in my preparation: I'm changing what I do for fun, I'm working to build my
physical strength, and -- this is the hard one -- I'm trying to become a better person. You will see how that goes. And the claim was fish oil pills improve school performance and behavior And they said,
"We've done a trial. And we're layering multiple technologies -- PET scans, CT scans and molecular diagnostics -- to find and to seek things at different levels. It took us only seven hours to do the first
470 kilometers of the 500, but took four, solid hours to do the last only 30 kilometers. It's lighter than an iPad, So this was in the winter of 2009 -- 8:30 in the morning. OK, so a computer picks a specific
item of data from memory, it sends it into the processor or the ALU, and then it puts the result back into memory. And we know what's happened in the past, so if we start now, and we look at technologies
and improvements to the food system long term, we might be able to recreate the food system You've seen Finland doing so well on PISA, but what makes Finland so impressive is that only five percent of the
performance variation amongst students lies between schools. Well, the healthcare system has been transformed: a culture pervaded with defensiveness, universal distrust of the system of justice, universal
practice of defensive medicine. JE: And Tony's done hundreds of these? He's going to have to correct for that with steering. And instead of asking the question, "How long until I see a head-tail-head?" --
you can ask, "How big will the chunks be when I use a restriction enzyme which cuts whenever it sees G-A-A-G, for example? How long will those chunks be?" And I'm going to talk about experiments that involve
actually using this brain science, The average American household spends 1,000 dollars a year on lotteries. And you can break it out by counties, because it's specific counties. And we have countries all
this way. Milo: I could just squish it. Then there'll be secondary outbreaks, and the disease will spread from country to country so fast that you won't know what hit you. which I think artists are obliged
to do, is to really explore the expressive potential of the new tools that we have. When you are surfing on the top, you are all elated. But that's a wrong problem to ask. "You mean you're pasting an Israeli
face -- doing a face -- right here?" It is more complex than this, but this will do. So we do everything that leads up to success, One lovely experiment was done by Kurt Gray and Dan Wegner. That's how all
this started, but after making a sanitary pad, where can I check it? So on one occasion, when his granddaughters were visiting them, he said, "And who are these handsome young men with you?" But it is not
so. They work by harnessing shoulder power. And then I'll kind of be like -- -- and then they're like, "Whoa!" And what I'm talking about are nerves. So, as we speak, people are mapping the world in these
170 countries. One that's exciting to me is self-assembly. We were served a nine-course meal of Mola after we tagged. There are lots of people shaping decisions and so if we want to predict correctly we have
to pay attention to everybody who is trying to shape the outcome, not just the people at the pinnacle of the decision-making pyramid. Most of you may not know that fungi were the first organisms to come
to land. It was quite simple. If you'll look at the steps: we bought the land, we dealt with the fire, and then only, we started doing the reforestation by combining agriculture with forestry. So to start,
I want to introduce some characters from a book I made for teenagers. Or another example would be, if you're a phone company, you figure out who's central in the network and you ask those people, "Look,
will you just text us your fever every day? Make it go in the other direction. And I think by giving kids toys like this and letting them replay dynamics, very long-term dynamics over the short term, and
getting some sense of what we're doing now, what it's going to be like in 100 years, I think probably is the most effective thing I can be doing to help the world. And I began climbing trees with my kids
as just something to do with them, using the so-called arborist climbing technique, with ropes. You use ropes to get yourself up into the crown of a tree. After surgery, everything normalizes. I was told
that this was no laughing matter. What made me do this work? I shall go into my story. These are the two large pivoting doors that allow people to move directly from the outside, in or from the inside, out,
performers or audience alike. Once you think about it, you see this is not statistical points; It's actually a kind of cruel trick of evolution that we simply don't have a brain that seems to be wired well
enough to understand itself. We had about 80 people show up to participate, entering one-by-one. Because it turns out that adipose tissue, fat, is highly angiogenesis dependent. And they would inevitably
end up in what I thought was a very bizarre place, which is ways the world could end very suddenly. Well, it's a matter of arithmetic. By the time we enter this work world and we're breadwinners, we enter
a world that is just cluttered with spam, fake digital friends, ingenious identity thieves, world-class Ponzi schemers, a deception epidemic -- in short, what one author calls a post-truth society. So we're
just seeing as large a scale structure as we can see, and then only things that have started forming already are going to form, and then from then on it's going to go on. What I did do, though is, I actually
looked at them from a design standpoint and just eliminated all the ones that had nothing to do with design. Well, here's my suggestion. and I didn't really know how I was going to work my way back into
my surrounding community. Is art about that? By mid-century, we're going to have about eight billion -- perhaps more -- people living in cities or within a day's travel of one. It comes from the World Values
Survey. So in the same way that I need time with this instrument, I need time with people in order to interpret them. As Leah, one of the founders of the group, says, "I like traditional music very much. For
wind, there's a larger area, but much smaller footprint. How many of you here, if somebody -- some smart aleck -- starts telling you how a particular magic trick is done, you sort of want to block your
ears and say, "No, no, I don't want to know! Some of you may remember Star Wars Kid, the poor teenager who filmed himself with a golf ball retriever, acting as if it were a light saber. I can also do some
Jackie Chan-motion, martial art movements." And it walks away. So, this is DARwIn IV. And again, you'll be able to see it in the lobby. I gave myself the problem. Now there's good news and bad news here. His
friend replied, "Well, obviously because it just looks as though the Sun is going round the Earth." Now in the laboratory, if you take a clam and you put it in the pH that is -- not 8.1, which is the normal
pH of seawater -- it dissolves in about three days. And then the embrace of the things that they're replacing it with -- again, one of my wishes, and I never ended up going there, was to somehow tell them
that there were better ways to build a house. And so what they found, in fact, is that exploitation really began heavily with the Romans. I want you to live." You see, the magician doesn't really saw the
lady in half." On that self, it should be centered -- a bigness, a wholeness. Otherwise, compassion is just a word and a dream. We put them in bottles, refrigerate them, and then we reuse that bottle again
and again and again. So the first disease he looked at is autism. And I kind of ruminated on that for a couple of days. He doesn't have dysmorphophobia, but I'm using his photograph to illustrate the fact
that he looks exactly like a dysmorphophobic. I study ants, and that's because I like to think about how organizations work. When you build cooperation into the infrastructure, which is the Flickr answer,
you can leave the people where they are and you take the problem to the individuals, rather than moving the individuals to the problem. So the yield for urban hives, in terms of honey production, is higher
as well as the overwintering survival, compared to rural areas. Everything else on there is a labor of love. So, working with Bentley and MicroStation, we've written a custom piece of software that networks
all of the components together into these chunks of information, so that if we change any element along the length of the building, not only does that change distribute through each one of the trusses,
but each one of the trusses then distributes that information down the length of the entire facade of the building. So it's a single calculation for every single component of the building that we're adding
onto. biology,design,food,global issues,pollution,science,technology And that makes a huge difference. So Torosaurus is extinct. So, we're going to put up some slides of some of your companies here. So I went
looking for contacts in St. Petersburg, and through a long road, we eventually found this one particular website. I mean, we use TiVo as verb. Water has been declared a human right by the United Nations. The
Glass-Steagall Act -- which was really to protect us from the kind of thing that caused the recession to happen, and the bank meltdown and all that stuff that required the bailouts -- that was put in effect
in 1933, was systematically destroyed. This is the view looking at the southeast ridge. DH: You can't get any better than that. All right. What I will do: I will use my panther-like reflexes. My husband is
offended when I say this -- although I have explained to him that what we do in private usually takes less than four minutes -- -- so he shouldn't take it personally. I just hope she likes video games. And
for that I am very grateful. In fact, the Chinese had their own version of broccoli, which is called Chinese broccoli, but right now, what -- they've now discovered American broccoli, and are importing
it as a, sort of, exotic delicacy. Now in the deluge of information, this is where the real-time web gets really interesting for a journalist like myself, because we have more tools than ever to do that
kind of investigation. This is done entirely using, kind of, the tools that are built into Second Life, so the innate concept of becoming pregnant and having a baby, of course -- Second Life is, at the
platform level, at the level of the company -- at Linden Lab -- Second Life has no game properties to it whatsoever. We've just awarded the first Legacy Grants totaling around 500,000 dollars. But it turned
out it wasn't going to be as simple in the end, and it set us back three months because we had one error out of over a million base pairs in that sequence. And the nest maintenance workers do that inside
the nest, and then they come out of the nest carrying bits of dry soil in their mandibles. If you do, would you mind if I timed how long it took you to walk down that hallway? We now understand that those
microbes have more impact on our climate and regulating CO2 and oxygen than plants do, which we always thought oxygenate the atmosphere. I didn't grow up in the slums or anything that dire, but I know what
it is to grow up without having money, or being able to support family. He said, "We southerners do like a smooth surface, so that there were times when he just didn't want the confrontation." So keep both
of those ideas of remoteness. Well, we don't make any steel anymore, and the people who used to make the steel are having a very tough time of it. "If we accept the theory of evolution, then the first dawn
of synthesis of life must consist in the production of forms intermediate between the inorganic and the organic world, or between the non-living and living world, forms which possess only some of the rudimentary
attributes of life" -- so, the ones I just discussed -- "to which other attributes will be slowly added in the course of development by the evolutionary actions of the environment." So we start simple,
we make some structures that may have some of these characteristics of life, and then we try to develop that to become more lifelike. Someone is always watching. I should tell you some stories about remarkable
people, so I thought I'd start with my mother. And we might think of these as abandoned. So of course, in reality, we were then panicked, being the biologists, and we should know this already. I want to quickly
say that although it does do it for 50 dollars, I just wanted to be in the center. In fact, no one wanted me to feel bad for them at all. Of those 85 takes, only three actually successfully completed their
run. But I really believe that a fully operating, rich society needs these seeds coming from all directions and all disciplines in order to keep the gears of inspiration flowing and cycling and growing. And
we have similar projects in Tanzania, Mozambique, Kenya and Ethiopia with other partners trying to achieve the same thing: to save as many lives as quickly as we can, but to do it in a systematic way that
can be implemented nationwide and then with a model that can be implemented in any country in the world. So, for such a kid, when an adult that he learns to respect stays close to him and doesn't walk away
from him in any situation, irrespective of how he behaves, it's a tremendous healing experience. Now, I was raised in the Pacific Northwest, around a lot of Church of Latter-day Saints people and, you know,
I've worked with them and even dated them, By elevating to a higher socio-economic level, they also change their diet. We didn't have high hopes for that outcome. And one question that you may then want to
ask is, what happened when we met? Then I paid my entire way through first year university at Carlton by selling wine skins door to door. The numbers just aren't there. Now here's one other thing you can
do with the computer model. The actors were right there in front of us, right there among the commuters, and we could hear them, but we might not have otherwise seen them. Leeches. Mammoth chunks. They even
have their own Slurpee machine: "Out of Order. Come Back Yesterday." Mike Rowe, the host of "Dirty Jobs," tells some compelling real-life job stories. Listen for his insights and observations about the
nature of hard work, and how it’s been unjustifiably degraded in society today. Secondly is about the anti-corruption movement in India. I hasten to say that these surfaces are completely artificial. It is
approved under an FDAIDE at the University of Virginia in Charlottesville to ablate a point in his thalamus. This is going back the mid-'50s, '60s. And my grandfather would call me every week, and he would
say, "Jarrett, how's it going? Do you have a job yet?" We decided early on that we had to take a synthetic route, even though nobody had been there before, to see if we could synthesize a bacterial chromosome
so we could actually vary the gene content to understand the essential genes for life. At the same time, I run a website on cool tools, where I issue a daily obsession of the latest things in technology. What
I think these pictures demonstrate is that we do believe in something bigger than ourselves. It's just been industrial, which means those who were producing had to have a way of raising money to pay those
two and a half million dollars, and later, more for the telegraph, and the radio transmitter, and the television, and eventually the mainframe. But you're beginning to see what can be done. You can also
start to change what you build. and winds averaging about 40 knots for most of the voyage and up to 70 or 80 knots. That same sound traveled to the west, and could be heard in Bermuda, and traveled to the
east, and could be heard in Monterey -- the same sound. It doesn't rely on us as individuals. The researchers had to lever up their human minds with technology to dive deeper, to explore non-obvious hypotheses,
and in fact, insights emerged. Green School is a model we built for the world. We're going to be shooting from minus 2,600 meters -- that's a little over 8,600 feet down -- at 30 kilometers from the entrance. So
if you go to the BicycleBuiltforTwoThousand.com you can actually hear what all this sounds like together. More pipelines means more silk roads, instead of the Great Game. And where do they come from? They
were going to be surrounded, lose a lot of their lands and not have freedom of access, either to the West Bank or Jerusalem. In London, the day they turned the congestion pricing on, there was a 25 percent
decrease in congestion overnight, I look forward to the day that I can sit beside you, easel-side, watching the world that we can create with our new toolboxes and the discoveries that we can make about
ourselves. Today, it's here. I'd argue today that we have incredibly powerful computers, but we don't have very good software for them. and they were the great celebrities of communism, For instance, let me
tell you the history of the year 1950. When so many women and girls are beaten, raped, maimed on a daily basis in the name of all kinds of causes -- honor, religion, nationality -- what allows women to
replant trees, to rebuild societies, to lead radical, non-violent movements for social change? I summoned my courage and poise and said, "Yes, but could you let me know, what actually do you sell?" Be aware
of these people who [are] coming to you in order to ruin your great civilization." If you run a business, it's hard to do much of anything without calling your general counsel. I joke, but I only half joke,
that if you come to one of our hospitals missing a limb, no one will believe you till they get a CAT scan, MRI or orthopedic consult. This is the realm of the Coast Redwood tree. Its species name is Sequoia
sempervirens. If the man in the photograph that appeared in the newspapers, holding the hand of his dead child was standing in front of us now, there are no words that we could say to him. The brain is very
good at forgetting. So the question we are trying to address -- and I'm way over time -- is how to put more and more of everyday life in that flow channel. This is not just graphics. We had to do these for
adults. So, we did succeed and we still do. I've been sending out valentines on a fairly large scale since 2005. So "thank you" feel likes a really trite word, but thank you from the bottom of my heart for
saving my life. That's the real Piero della Francesca -- one of the greatest portraits in human history. And he explained that they have done this procedure on two patients already, and they need the third
patient for a paper they were writing. In poor communities, in communities of color there is this despair, there is this hopelessness, that is being shaped by these outcomes. Our lives are so short, and
our time on this planet is so precious, and all we have is each other. this time, a war in Iraq. My linguistics and economics colleagues at Yale and I are just starting to do this work and really explore
and understand the ways that these subtle nudges cause us to think more or less about the future every single time we speak. FG: Yeah, when he was in Rome. Now this gentleman, Isambard Kingdom Brunel, designed
many great things in his career in the 19th century, including the Clifton suspension bridge in Bristol and the Thames tunnel at Rotherhithe. And so I had to develop this new intuition, that it seems like
all the objects in the elevator are really just quantum objects just crammed into a tiny space. We have, at the Institute, ongoing funding now from NIH in a program with Novartis to try and use these new
synthetic DNA tools to perhaps make the flu vaccine that you might get next year. So, let me now talk about the last mile problem. And if it's even more silent, they stretch their necks out. Let's look at
some results. McDonald's has, sort of, garnered a lot of attention, a lot of respect, for basically standardizing the menu, décor and dining experience in post-World War II America. Patents are very difficult
to overturn. Go get some of that. And I learned that at a young age. He said, "No, sir. You're the gift. Why? To give you a first impression of what you are about to get into. This is a picture that shows
the tail of a right whale. This is part of a much larger program called the Census of Marine Life, where they're going to be tagging all over the world and the Mola's going to enter into that. How many of
you here see dolphins? Raise your hand if you see dolphins. OK, those people who raised their hands, afterwards, the rest of the audience, go talk to them, all right? Actually, this is the best example
of priming by experience that I know. or through the World Forum on Social Entrepreneurship that my foundation does at Oxford every year. It's awful. and so, as a form of intense creativity, I think this
is a great example. Similarly this Golden V kelp collected in Alaska just below the low water mark is probably a new species. Because we have to grow the capacity of this planet to create more and more opportunities
for life. But the whole community, all the different sects, including Shi'a and Sunni, would sit together and pray." He had kids from all over Korea living there, and he would find families for these kids. Number
five of the seven is the payoff. This is it. The climax. I was born in Switzerland and raised in Ghana, West Africa. The story begins in the Iran-Iraq war and that series of events in the invasion of Iraq
by foreign forces, the removal of a despotic ruler and instant regime change. Now, places that didn't do this -- New York City for example, Moscow, Jakarta -- we're talking, at its peak, infected with this
fatal disease. This is Father Keene with Natasha at the bus stop. I am used to no choice." and there are maggots in the flesh. And it's terrible. If it is using something called path integration, it will not
find its home. It will arrive at the wrong spot, and what it's doing here if it's using path integration is it's counting its steps or measuring the distance out in this direction. Now remember -- -- she's
supposed to be going to the blue flowers. The sculptor Richard Serra talks about how, as a young artist, he thought he was a painter, So, a big question that we're facing now and have been for quite a number
of years now: are we at risk of a nuclear attack? If we lead lives where we consciously leave the lightest possible ecological footprints, So the second question really was, you know, so we know that our
minds change our bodies, but is it also true that our bodies change our minds? We can do everything. Whenever a fly reaches the midpoint of the chamber where the two odor streams meet, it has to make a decision. And
they have to risk their lives almost every day to do this. We're already preventing millions of deaths with existing vaccines, and if we get these to more people, we can certainly save more lives. When I
was in Zimbabwe, we were touring a place with the village chief -- he wanted to raise money for a secondary school -- and there was some construction a few yards away, and I said, "What's that?" Bernadine
Healy, Dr. Healy, was a cardiologist. It is one lakh, 100,000 rupees, and you are to make it within that." And I am hoping that many of you will respond to this. Okay, so this is my favorite number of reCAPTCHA. And
someday, we may actually figure out the fundamental unified theory of the particles and forces, what I call the "fundamental law." We may not even be terribly far from it. The audience is too small. This
unification model predicts the existence of these two new force particles, which should act a lot like the weak force, Now we can rotate this set of charges in seven dimensions and consider an odd fact
about the matter particles: the second and third generations of matter have exactly the same charges in six-dimensional charge space as the first generation. My biggest challenge is your blocks to accept
these victims as our own. Doris Kearns Goodwin on learning from past presidents Becky Blanton: The year I was homeless "And then we got the baby and my other child, and we drove out to, like, I-95. I'm human.
I make mistakes. over and over again. Today, we look at capital punishment as evidence of how low our behavior can sink, rather than how high our standards have risen. Well, what I want us to think about
for a moment is what happens after that, after you drop your vote into the ballot box. I'd never seen the reef here before. And these are the kinds of things we're going to discover as we start to engineer
at the nano scale. And if we want to cure ourselves of NDD, or Nature Deficit Disorder, I think this is a great way of doing it. And this is where my story starts. Even this chair that you have to open up
and then sit on so that it takes your imprint, all the way to this beautiful series of objects that are considered design by Ana Mir in Barcelona. And before I tell you about that, I just have to tell you
this one little picture of graffiti there I picked off the web the other day. See that up-close picture? But now those drops of oil weren't really alive, as we say it now, Pollution, energy shortage, environmental
diversity, poverty. How do we make stable societies? Longevity. Peace Piberesima: We're doing films for the masses. He said, "In your exegesis, you must make it clear that every single verse of the Torah
is a commentary, a gloss upon the Golden Rule." I want to look back 20 years from now and see that there's another Liberian girl, Ghanaian girl, Nigerian girl, Ethiopian girl standing on this TED stage. Now
when the price of any technology declines that dramatically, the barriers to entry go down. others have problems with sound sensitivity. Because there are so many of them, and because there's no agreement
among them in their preferred direction of movement, the marble, as we see it in Middle World, stays rock steady. These are the dark pools where global supply chains begin -- But is he happy? "For sale: White
trash compactor." SB: No, malaria, there is a candidate that actually showed efficacy in an earlier trial and is currently in phase three trials now. And then we have intentions. Dan, where are you? Dan Ariely? Ten
years ago was a seminal trip, where we explored that big iceberg, B-15, the largest iceberg in history, that broke off the Ross Ice Shelf. It dates back at least 200 years, to Galvani's famous experiments
in the late 18th century and beyond. So here are the new rules of swimming, And just how brave he was in 1960, bear in mind. Project Excelsior, it was called. You excavated from somewhere, came up from inside
and deepened it. So it was like a green inkblot spreading out from the building turning barren land back into biologically productive land -- and in that sense, going beyond sustainable design to achieve
restorative design. I am interested in how women are saving us. And that's in fact probably what I'm going to try and tell you about. He had been faced with desperate circumstances. But 10 miles down the ridge... This
is a clay maker. They do some of the smart things we do, some of the kind of not so nice things we do, like steal it and so on. And when you speak out loud, Don't whine. Don't complain. Don't make excuses. And
Joe was very worried about the device that he was working on. You can be future-oriented, setting goals. Well, wouldn't it be nice if it was that easy? Most people say women. Man: Take the shoes. Take the
shoes. I mean, come on, I'm not going to turn down my thermostat. But the history books and the daily news tell us it doesn't always work out that way. And of course, we were stunned for a while, but when
we managed to get our wits about us, we looked at it and said, "My gosh, what's going to happen with that little cub? This was Scott Fischer, Rob Hall, Andy Harris, Doug Hansen and Yasuko Namba. His people
live in Brazil and in Peru. So let's start on that. Then I ran 50 miles -- ultramarathons. A boy who lost a leg to a leftover mine. Because the reversible condition is not conducive to the synthesis of happiness. So
to understand this, let's look at one of those classes, the Machine Learning class offered by my colleague and cofounder Andrew Ng. Narrator: Fundamentals of Laparoscopic Surgery. Okay, so, I'm going to
talk about no ordinary black hole; I'm going to talk about supermassive black holes. Yeah, let's take that one. Christmas is coming, What happens if I put in lots of lights and then add a motor? You know,
there's a tremendous amount of wisdom in finding a great thing, passion in life, and focusing all your energy on it, and I've never been able to do that. And what I'm doing is attempting to synthesize the
way one sees the world and the territories which are useful as generative material. These are the eyes of a living anglerfish. Everything you see there was built in four years, after they spent four years
getting the permits. It weighs less than a gram. I mean, there is plenty of knowledge and scientific breakthroughs. Now, I personally have no doubt whatsoever that the experience of beauty, with its emotional
intensity and pleasure, belongs to our evolved human psychology. Poor people, people whose human rights have been violated -- The dominant ones are -- if you take the UK and Europe, together they make up
about 55 percent of the usage base in Second Life. Now you may have noticed there's a new sector emerging called swap-trading. Now the easiest analogy for swap-trading is like an online dating service for
all your unwanted media. They were tough in the sense that, as I grew up, both my mother and father would always say to me, it's really important that you always remember two things. It's got this sort of
soap opera-like lifestyle; they have sex, they burrow into your liver, they tunnel into your blood cells ... 100 million children who go to school but cannot read; 125 million who cannot do basic maths. And
then a BBC crew came cruising through the biology department, looking for a story to do about new technologies in biology. And so this guy gets the snail all set up and gives it a good whack. I used to draw.
I thought I would be an artist. And we've got the mathematics to describe this process. One of the ways that we've come to think about this is that what we're trying to do with the Institute for Figuring
and projects like this, we're trying to have kindergarten for grown-ups. And the defenders began to take cases over and over again and you will see, they have step by step began to change the course of
history in Cambodia. We gather together these physicists in Los Alamos to see what they'll build. So when you shake the chain, it then folds up into any configuration that you've programmed in -- so in this
case, a spiral, or in this case, two cubes next to each other. But, when it encounters a very extreme terrain, in this case, this obstacle is more than three times the height of the robot, Then it switches
to a deliberate mode, where it uses a laser range finder, and camera systems, to identify the obstacle and the size, and it plans, carefully plans the motion of the spokes and coordinates it so that it
can show this kind of very very impressive mobility. And maybe it's something that people in Oxford don't do very often, but if you ever make it to the sea, and you swallow a mouthful of seawater, keep
in mind that each milliliter has about a million bacteria and on the order of 10 million viruses. And he was born looking like a boy -- nobody suspected anything. And the best news of all is that surgeons
know that we need to do research. So when you organize information using the symbols of our memory, using the most common symbols that we've been immersed in all our lives, you maximally both excite, stimulate,
are able to remember, transfer and manipulate data. And really one of the points of Improv Everywhere is to cause a scene in a public place that is a positive experience for other people. We don't want one
hero. We cherish corpses. Now we have humans imitating robots. They don't change the end result. I love connections. We have an unparalleled capacity to wage war. Ice cover waxed and waned. When they lay together
in bed it was, as it had to be, as the nature of the act demanded, an act of violence. Health to the ocean means health for us. But here, unlike Andrea, here are supposed to be eaten. RS: Was Ivan being mean
and naughty for taking Joshua's sandwich? And in photos, Instagram, 58 photos are uploaded to Instagram a second. You see that really salty Play-Doh? Well, it conducts electricity. Just a word on music. Music
is the most powerful sound there is, often inappropriately deployed. So this red line is the employment-to-population ratio, in other words, the percentage of working age people in America who have work. I
mean, George Bush -- he's going to be gone, alright? Life isn't. And we're building upon innovations of generations who went before us. business,cancer,medical research,open-source,science LEDs are smaller,
they're cheaper, they're longer lasting, they're more efficient. Most importantly for this, they're faster. In fact, there are artesian wells where water springs right into the air. And I'm standing there
with two testicles on my chin. climate change,culture,exploration,global issues,personal growth,potential,sports,technology Not only does it do that; if you took the genome -- that synthetic genome -- and
you plugged it into a different critter, like yeast, you now turn that yeast into Mycoplasma. It's a very relaxing vocation. I recommend it. And I started having ischemia to the heart. Life needs a membrane
to contain itself so it can replicate and mutate. They're not brought to us with light, at least not directly. And let me show you why that is. You might have a little predictor, a neural simulator, of the
physics of your body and your senses. That was the year when Queen Victoria was able, for the first time, to communicate with President Buchanan, through the Transatlantic Telegraphic Cable. And this whole
ecosystem wasn't even known about until 33 years ago. "It fluctus up, Mama." There's something terrible happening." use this analysis idea, that things are the child can get a great deal by talking to you. And
their response, of course, was no more than we wanted to stop the genocide and put our troops in harm's way to do that, nor do we now want to get in the way and pluck genocidaires from camps. We often tackle
problems from unconventional angles, and, in the process, end up discovering alternatives or even better ways to do things. and the chimneys are still there creating a really nice ghost town, an eerie,
spooky ghost town, but essentially devoid of animals, of course. This is a map of the entire world. That was the message. That was the experiment. And then you get Rocinha and you can see that it's getting
even better. So we decided to use our puff-o-mat and our automated tracking software to screen through hundreds of lines of mutant fruit flies to see if we could find any that showed abnormal responses
to the air puffs. And they can use that sense to navigate hundreds of miles of open ocean. Once, when she was driving, or rather, her husband was driving, the road divided into four It's all conveyor belt,
and it makes a book. A genome is really a description for all of the DNA that is in a living organism. I always landed like a watermelon out of a third floor window. As telecoms sector grew, housing and construction,
and I could go on and on. And this is to illustrate to you that once you get the macro-economy straightened out, the opportunities in various other sectors are enormous. We made a music video for one of
my favorite bands, Radiohead. You've got a coil. That coil is connected to an R.F. amplifier that creates a high-frequency oscillating magnetic field. My work is so personal and so strange that I have to
invent my own lexicon for it. Glamour is a form of falsification, but falsification to achieve a particular purpose. That's it. Thank you. And this is the bridge they're actually painting up and preparing
as we speak. That is our grand challenge. After many people said I couldn't do that. 3,000 articles on the key word "slavery." Well, there wasn't much else to do in the spinal ward, so we did. Some of it even
came from lianas, those things that dangle in the middle of the jungle. So you start out with teeny fluctuations when the universe was at this point, now four times smaller, and so forth. And that gap continues
to widen. Finally, I came to know it is a special cellulose derived from a pinewood, but even after that, you need a multimillion-dollar plant like this to process that material. Again, a stop-up. It's just
the way it is. But rather than go license this off, which is what we normally do, it seemed to me that if we put all our effort not into the technology, but into an understanding of a world that's solved
all its other problems, but has somehow come to accept that cities -- which, right back from ancient Greece on, were meant to walk around, cities that were architected and built for people -- now have
a footprint that, while we've solved every other transportation problem -- and it's like Moore's law. And the second question was, "Have you ever dumped somebody who really loved you?" This led to me writing
"The Vagina Monologues," which led to me obsessively and incessantly talking about vaginas everywhere I could. is to be able to be passionate about solving these problems. His name is James Kofi Annan. He
was a slave child in Ghana enslaved in the fishing industry, and he now, after escape and building a new life, has formed an organization that we work closely with to go back and get people out of slavery. Ladies
and gentlemen, that's just about it from me. And some stars die spectacularly in a supernova explosion, leaving remnants like that. The inside of the nanotubes is so small -- the smallest ones are 0.7 nanometers
-- that it's basically a quantum world. It's a scientific drilling vessel. Back then you couldn't even look at the eardrum. And the job in question was sheep rancher. And Hasbro made about, you know, a billion
and a half dollars. This a 1923 wooden tugboat, made completely out of Douglas fir. So what you would expect is that if you measured the orbital speed of the stars, that they should be slower on the edges
than on the inside. The development of lorcainide was abandoned for commercial reasons, and this study was never published; it's now a good example of publication bias. We'll teach her mathematics. That'll
calm her down." After it had been sent off, his secretary said to him, "Did you get that letter from the woman at the fete? And I thank you for your kindness and your patience in listening to me this afternoon. I
truly believe, if we can see one another as fellow human beings, then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery. It is a struggle to try and live a life that is set by the moral codes
written in the Koran. MM: Well done. We've been Aurasma. Thank you. And our PC version became quite mature. Nearly everywhere I go, I meet incredibly interesting entrepreneurs who are seeking access to finance,
access to markets and established business networks. This is who I am. Just to give you a little perspective on this, I've given you a star at the intellectual center of the United States, which is right
there in Louisville, Kentucky. and what is emergence? Has anybody stayed there? because there is so much feedback you can get from people. So -- and we haven't even worked out the cooling needs. Greetings to
all of you from Pakistan. And he said, "But right before the harvest, it bends over with great gratitude and humility to touch the earth from where it came." We need leaders. So as a journeyman, I put an
ad into the paper that I had studied, that I was a down-to-earth potter's journeyman and I was looking for a job as a journeyman. But, critical poverty: this slide is from a presentation I gave not that
long ago. Gapminder.org tells the story of the gap between Africa and the rest of the world in terms of health care. However, still, as you can see, it has a cord, umbilical cord. So, we're still using
an external power source and external computation. I mean, this technique of being able to manipulate a mesh here, with multiple control points, is actually something that's state of the art. very short
range and very weak, so they just fly through you. I want a picture." And the lawyers do not provide a picture, so I made one. business,design,exploration,science,space,technology And the guy took it apart,
and one of the things he pulled out was one of the balance wheels. Why? Because it makes a lot of sense. And then I go to China and I stand on a stage at a university and I bust out into a song in Chinese
and everybody sings along and they roar with delight at this girl with the hair and the instrument, and she's singing their music. And we believe that this long period of childhood is important for chimpanzees,
just as it is for us, in relation to learning. And let me repeat what you saw last year. "Learn the lingua franca." Life without emotion would really not be life. Why do you think that was?" They see a cash
economy that they were not able to participate in back in the subsistence farm. I mean, what are the numbers on this? And when they do, I'm in the queue. It's not taught in universities. And if you pull the
cords under the knot, you will see that the bow orients itself along the transverse axis of the shoe. Stanley was instrumental in my getting this job. And so we can encapsulate these regions of ultra-conservation
through evolution -- how these viruses evolved -- by just choosing DNA elements or RNA elements in these regions to represent on our chip as detection reagents. I was constantly telling stories at home,
which was good, except I told this to imaginary friends around me, which was not so good. You heard about riots all across the land. She has literally become deputy mayor. I realized I'd internalized these
responses and it had changed who I was on a core level. And then they'll be able to see shape. I kind of give my turtle hands just to make them an easier cartoon character to work with. when you're a sighted
person because you take that for granted. This is one of them. because it was street level. It was open to the public. First night in the nursing home unit where she had been in the same assisted living facility,
moved her from one bed to another, kind of threw her, rebroke her pelvis, Samuel Taylor Coleridge: I try to convey a semblance of truth in my writing to produce for these shadows of the imagination a willing
suspension of disbelief that, for a moment, constitutes poetic faith. And so now we're in for some serious play. 1995, we found three. The count now is up to 80 -- we're finding about two or three a month. And
about 20 years went by. We've got all of that. You've got one donor trying to develop market information, another trying to work on or sponsor grades and standards, another ICT, and yet another on warehousing,
or warehouse receipts. And it becomes critical for the Iranians to remember their great past, their great past when they fought Iraq and won. Never shown this picture before, and probably going to be sued
for it. It's taken at three o'clock in the morning, without the permission of the company. I hope you enjoy designing your own ultimate and worst possible TEDTalks. The pilot had already turned the plane
around, and we weren't that far. I get sick when I go to steakhouses. but by virtue of the choice of putting it on the Mall and by the Lincoln Memorial, this becomes the structure that is the symbol of peace
on the Mall. Suddenly it wasn't here at all. It stands up, it walks -- very impressive. So here you have it, grid-level storage: silent, emissions-free, no moving parts, remotely controlled, designed to the
market price point without subsidy. It's the concept of the city, the design of the city, I want to see why do you -- you just say so? That's not good enough. Of course we can, right? I spent about seven years
during the Vietnam War flight-testing airplanes for the Air Force. And then I went in and I had a lot of fun building airplanes that people could build in their garages. This is the community that I originally
showed you the slide of. Luke Fildes was commissioned to paint this by Tate, who then established the Tate Gallery. And so, 25 years ago, there was a peak oil; just like, in the 1920s, there was a peak coal;
and a hundred years before that, there was a peak wood. What was going on was the fundamental shift in Middle Eastern history. In this short talk, psychologist Dan Ariely tells two personal stories that
explore scientific conflict of interest: How the pursuit of knowledge and insight can be affected, consciously or not, by shortsighted personal goals. When we're thinking about the big questions, he reminds
us, let's be aware of our all-too-human brains. To start with, I'd like to break math down into two categories. So I proposed a story on the global fish crisis, in part because I had personally witnessed
a lot of degradation in the ocean over the last 30 years, but also because I read a scientific paper that stated that 90 percent of the big fish in the ocean have disappeared in the last 50 or 60 years. In
the individual tutoring instruction, 98 percent of the students are going to be above that threshold. And this bone is peppered, as you can see, with the light shining through the skull with cavities, the
sinuses, which warm and moisten the air we breathe. So then I published the 3D designs, schematics, instructional videos and budgets on a wiki. So I looked for furniture. Most of you are good, softhearted
people. It certainly helps it to hold on. My world was seen as less. Now whatever you give up gets tripled in the other person's account. We've had 18 percent growth in constant dollars in every form of information
technology for the last half-century, But you'd be surprised, they don't do the photographs. It's just the text. You are constructed, your self is constructed from these billions of events. Tell me that those
accidents aren't going to put material into the environment that is poisonous for hundreds of thousands of years. And then, third, you step from there to what is called "a feeling of gratitude." Yet, of
course, like all music, it's essentially not about anything. And that's the sort of thing I've been doing. As weeks of deprivation stretched into months, some resorted to eating tulip bulbs. And I've got
to say that we spent a lot of time in putting this together, watching the crowds that gathered at Saint Paul -- which is just to the right -- and moving around the site. We've been talking at this conference
about African success stories. This is jobs and opportunity all the way up and down the value chain. But something is definitely lost: tradition, a sensual experience, the comfort of thingy-ness -- a little
bit of humanity. Professor Tobias came over from South Africa and spoke to University College London. It's sprinkled around, but if you average the chimps out, they're really, really close, within .01. That
is what bioenergy is. It is not ethanol. It is not subsidies to a few companies. It is not importing corn into Iowa because you've built so many of these ethanol plants. It is beginning to understand the
transition that occurred in agriculture, from brute force into biological force. And in the measure that you can do that, you can clean some stuff, and you can clean it pretty quickly. And I give you my
word, here and now, that we will not cut your sisters either." They're dynamic. Monday: Color is powerful. And we're now, with satellite dishes, pulling and analyzing a good part of all the TV being watched
in the United States. But before I do that, I need to talk to you about synthetic materials like plastics, which require huge amounts of energy to create and, because of their disposal issues, are slowly
poisoning our planet. They were the least macho people I've ever met, but they made my day. This was kind of the defining slogan. Right? Second, it is negative. So that's where we stand at the moment, and
I've just got a few final thoughts, which is that this is another way in which biology is now coming in to supplement chemistry in some of our societal advances in this area, and these biological approaches
are coming in in very different forms, and when you think about genetic engineering, we've now got enzymes for industrial processing, enzymes, genetically engineered enzymes in food. He didn't actually
buy anything, just some data. Probably starting with sports games, which are going to become much more interactive. Then there should always be in sight the draw -- a kind of a beacon that draws you on through
the labyrinth to finish the process of getting there. Think about that's where we are right now, and the curve that we're on means that this is going to continue to get better. If you take a closer look
at a root system, you will find there are many, many, many diverse microbial colonies. It provoked the missile gap. It's the result of very sustained and prolonged that you get the right regulations, and
that you get the right corporate behavior. They are not beautiful and don't kill anybody. Pregnancies are meant to be happy and fulfilling moments in any woman's life. We have the best lawyers with the biggest
clients, But the simple act of kindness from a complete stranger will unstitch you." These are quite different, and they are outside the grasp of modern diplomacy. Yeah? It's absolutely there. This molecule
will soon leave our benches and go into a small startup company called Tensha Therapeutics. And there is thousands of these. I was adopted by the Bishop of the Episcopal Diocese during the riots, and he
donated a row house. And in that row house I started Manchester Craftsmen's Guild, and I learned very quickly that wherever there are Episcopalians, there's money in very close proximity. And then there
was this: Mister Splashy Pants. Your connectome is far more complex than this because your brain contains 100 billion neurons and 10,000 times as many connections. And what I can say is, in 2016, doctors
aren't going to be walking around with stethoscopes. What will happen if the billion people today who live on less than one dollar a day rise to three billion in the next 30 years? Scott McCloud on comics So
we get this. Now for those species the we managed to leave alone, that we protect -- for example, marine mammals in recent years and sea birds -- there is some recovery. And that's when I got a story idea:
I want to go to Antarctica, get in the water with as many leopard seals as I possibly can and give them a fair shake -- find out if they really are these vicious animals, or if they're misunderstood. The
headset connects wirelessly to an iPad or a smartphone. And it specifically refers to this guy, Galvao Bueno, who's the lead soccer commentator for Rede Globo. And I received an email from an editor at Random
House with a subject line, "Nice work!" Exclamation point. And the great gold vessels of the temple in Jerusalem had been taken to Babylon. The challenge there with a breathing and awake patient -- and in
all our treatments, the patient is awake and conscious and speaks with the physician -- is you have to teach the MR some tricks how to do it in real time. We've seen lots of excitement from these people,
who can now start a construction business, parts manufacturing, or just selling power back to the grid. I told him the name of that man. But we have a planetary emergency. The careful testing, retesting,
design, are going to open up vistas of understanding, complexities, difficult things. They say, "You know what you smell? This is a scene from New Orleans. For example, it was thought that the visual pigments
that are in our eyes -- there was only one or two organisms in the environment that had these same pigments. You have some people who do. and then propelling himself by streamlining -- very important. And
then he did what’s called the Purdue Creativity Test. And after a moment, she opened her eyes and she looked at me and she said, "It's like meditation." The age of behavior: where ideas and narratives were
increasingly defining behavior and identity and allegiances. Man: Oh, my God. What? We don't think you can pull it off, we're not going to give you our 17,000 peace keepers for fodder." If they went exploring
into the parents' rooms, or even into the secret filing cabinets, they were punished, and told that for their own good they must never go in there again. We are smart, in fact, we really are quite amazing,
but we do love a good crisis. If we have this collected data, and this connected crowd, based upon our experience of campaigning and getting world leaders to commit, I think world leaders will commit to
most of the crowdsourced recommendations. Costa Rica. I've lost all faith in the media -- a hapless joke I would much rather laugh at than become a part of. The example, the role model, is there. But I want
to introduce a second important dimension into this picture. And you can let them social network with your tadpole, because the Environmental Health Clinic has a social networking site for, not only impatients,
humans, social networking for humans and non-humans. What has happened in Europe? Let me show it to you. And if you engineer what they do you can change the world, you can get a better result. And the reason
I'm saying this is that you may have the idea this problem is relatively recent. For instance, if robots do respond to our non-verbal cues, maybe they would be a cool, new communication technology. -- and
you can get it really low. When we met her three years ago, we said, "What could V-Day do for you?" One move. OK. And as I left his office, he called me back and he said, "I think it's time. Now we're at 1.3. before
they found it using their English web crawler. We are giving you the freedom of using all of both of your hands, so you can actually use both of your hands to zoom into or zoom out of a map just by pinching
all present. I don't know about you but if they build it, that's where I'm going to go. If we do this, if we want to stay with traditional small-scale farming we are going, actually, to relegate these poor
farmers and their husbands -- among whom I have lived for many years, working without electricity and water, to try to improve their food production -- Because this seems like a national issue, but it is
not. So you can read off binary numbers five, six and seven. Then you want to know, you’re a person, you want to know how is it made. My sweet angels, come back." And as you get more and more advanced, we
give you more and more complex sentences to translate. And I want to engage myself in the bright future for my children and the children of my children, and I will not marry-off my 13 year-old daughter,"
-- what happens too often in Afghanistan. I am pleased to unveil that our three billionth seed -- that's three thousand millionth seed -- is now stored. Now, as an artist, a woman, an Arab, or a human being
living in the world in 2010, I only had one thing to say: I wanted to say no. It turns out not just Mayday, all of our monkeys get good at trading tokens with human salesman. This line of evolution is clearly
positive. That doesn't seem terribly shocking -- although it's controversial for a lot of people -- that we are self-interested. It was so architectural. It was so precise. There's also a microphone that's
listening to the aggregate laughter and applause and booing -- I hope not -- to help make some of its next decisions. And UNICEF, God bless them, they said, "Okay, we'll have a go." And then UNAMA became
involved in Afghanistan. It allows me to spend a lot of my time hanging out with hyper-intelligent coral. And then, before you get together, agree on some ground rules. That's what Aristotle was talking about. entertainment,live
music,music,performance The humble potato -- and I've spent a long time, 25 years, preparing these. If you focus in on a group like this -- this happens to be a USC game -- and you zoom in with one of those
super satellite cameras and do magnification factors so you could see individual people, you would in fact see not a single crowd, just like there is not a single crowd here, but you would see these tribes
that are then coming together. And as a result of those high expectations, we began to find students we wanted to work with to see what could we do to help them, not simply to survive in science and engineering,
but to become the very best, to excel. and as we move through space and through time, a very everyday pattern of life in the kitchen. And my studio is very close to the monkey forest. You look at it and you
see it has four legs, the machine doesn't know if it's a snake, if it's a tree, it doesn't have any idea what it looks like, but it's going to try to find that out. And the map is actually a little bit
bigger. It's a lot like other consumer companies. the customer says, "I want that." And the person says, "Okay, here you are." This is the largest metropolitan-area disaster and it was not a natural disaster
-- it was a disaster of engineering. So yeah, let's clap -- yeah, let's clap afterwards. That gets your adrenaline going. Now that's not the only reason that we think this person is an idiot. That's the honest
truth. Let's do the reflection in X first, followed by the rotation by a third of a turn anticlockwise. And of course, we went and saw him and it was amazing. Turn to the person next to you, push your lower
jaws forward. Turn to the person next to you and look at them -- they look miserable. It's just about being you and being cool with that. So, I'll label this for you in a second. So I think the way forward
for the world -- one that will bring the path of outer development with the real root of happiness -- is that we allow the information that we have to really make a change in our heart. You can have, as
it were, asexual culture. In my career I've had two exposures to radiation, which is two too many, because it stays with you for life. It's cumulative. There's one last elephant in the room, the proteins
themselves, which come from algae and bacteria and fungi, and all over the tree of life. I'm really in love with him at this point. I only get to fly this vehicle occasionally, and only when I can persuade
my stockholders to let me do so, but it's still one of those wonderful experiences that reward you for all that time. This is a screen capture from "Stagecoach," where Yakima Canutt is doing one of the
most dangerous stunts I've ever seen. This family, Sarita and her husband, bought a 15-dollar unit when they were living in a -- literally a three-walled lean-to with a corrugated iron roof. The way this
works is that our monkeys normally live in a kind of big zoo social enclosure. Actually, sitting here today in Mysore, we're closer to Malé than we are to Delhi, for example. Because Steven, despite the
fact that he was paralyzed, as he was in that pool, he could not walk, he could not use his arms -- that's why he had the little floaty things on them, did you see those? -- he was happy. We were at the
beach, he was raising his son, and he was productive. What if my roommate knew about my wonderfully ambitious hair braider, who has just started her own business selling hair extensions? And the other one
is empathy and compassion. Polar bears need ice to be able to move back and forth -- they're not very good swimmers -- Here's what happens when we added an extract from strawberries; it potently inhibits
angiogenesis. So the Awesome story: It begins about 40 years ago, when my mom and my dad came to Canada. I went on a psychopath spotting course, and I am now a certified -- and I have to say, extremely adept
-- psychopath spotter. And if you see the word "entrepreneur," most people think men. This is amazing what you can do. This is the work of a firm called SHoP, and what you're seeing here, is their isometric
drawings of what will be a large-scale camera obscura in a public park. We now have a great clinical guidance out on the Net. And we have better-than-surgery results in breasts. And it becomes this dangerous
cycle. Anyhow, a whole lot of things. Imagine if water pipes could expand or contract to change capacity or change flow rate, or maybe even undulate like peristaltics to move the water themselves. Well, back
in 2001, when there was just a simple test and a single dose of a drug, a nurse, in the course of her few minutes with a patient, would have to counsel for the HIV test, perform the HIV test, explain the
results, dispense a single dose of the drug, Nevirapine, explain how to take it, discuss infant feeding options, reinforce infant feeding, and test the baby -- in minutes. Most of the children there have
parents who are illiterate. So, visualizing information can give us a very quick solution to those kinds of problems. It was a man in a wheelchair desperately trying to move away. So as we flew by away from
it, we looked back. And guess what? It's like 96 percent. The first follower is what transforms a lone nut into a leader. Second, the geographies in which they work have terrible infrastructure -- no roads
to speak of, sporadic electricity and high levels of corruption. I just ingested six and a half days worth of sleeping pills. So do you think the mice What's the -- How did you know that? They did. In the
wake of the dotcom crash and 9/11, San Francisco Bay Area hotels went through the largest percentage revenue drop in the history of American hotels. In this case, you're seeing oxygen bubbles come out. This
is a visual of education inside the prison. We have students who sit together, black kids and white kids, and what we've discovered is you can solve the race problem by creating a world class environment,
because people will have a tendency to show you world class behavior if you treat them in that way. Any meaningful sort of thing. Most of the sand on the Moon, especially -- and you know when you look at
the Moon, there's the dark areas and the light areas. The dark areas are lava flows. They're basaltic lava flows, and that's what this sand looks like, very similar to the sand that you would see in Haleakala. For
too long, we have peddled a nightmarish vision of what's going to happen. Do you? Because you don't think of Shakespeare being a child, do you? And that's why we continue to grab technology -- because we
want those things. Those things are good. Now in the last 50 years, we Americans have gotten a lot of the things that we want. We're richer. Secondly, we told people to go down in their basements and build
a fallout shelter. I wanted to make a piece that shows the actual number of Americans who die from cigarette smoking. The empire of Iran, the Medes and the Persians, became the first great world empire. So
it was a big idea. We wanted to reduce that by 80 percent, with an equal distaste for the alternative forms of influence. That sent me to an X-ray, then to an MRI. They are also able to play -- they are really
playing. Blood diamonds, smuggled emeralds, timber, that is cut right from under the poorest. An Earth Witness site could also serve as a collection spot for all sorts of data about conditions around the
planet picked up by environmental sensors that attach to your cell phone. Which, by chimpanzee standards, is very good indeed. It's an infinite number -- literally goes on forever. I'm going to take you through
a worked example of whether that's really so. Now if I were the only person thinking that way, we would be in trouble. and the target price point will be 25 dollars, less than 0.1 percent of the cost of
a traditional incubator. but it's a particular kind of pattern. And I think that we're going to really see a huge -- it may not even come from us; there's all kinds of innovation going on. I think the human
race doesn't have a future if it doesn't go into space. The next experiment was slightly different. A metaphor will serve here: Where elite mathematicians and statisticians and theorists often serve as architects
in the expanding realm of science, the remaining large majority of basic applied scientists, including a large portion of those who could be said to be of the first rank, are the ones who map the terrain,
they scout the frontiers, they cut the pathways, they raise the buildings along the way. And it raises the question of how we're going to define animal species in the age of biotechnology -- a question
that we're not really sure yet how to solve. All right, recently I started a public art project where I don't use my artwork anymore. She just rolled right away from underneath. Really that’s the only real
dive I’ve ever made in this machine. He got his name from fighting stark naked. He's just a saint of a man -- 54-year-old lineman who touched the wrong wire and had both of his arms burnt so badly they had
to be amputated at the shoulder. The simple proposal is that we should have some international standards, which will be voluntary, but which would spell out the key decision points that need to be taken
in order to harness these resource revenues. There's going to be a lot of cheap rocketry that's going to come online in about six or seven years that gets us into the low atmosphere very cheaply. You know
what it means. I don't have to be in a behavioral context. He took his boss aside, and he showed him the materials on confined masonry. So then we tried a blend, and in a blend combination we tried it against
H5N1, and we got greater than 1,000 selectivity index. FG: No, it's near the current campus. But as human beings, we also want to see each other, and we want to be heard by each other, and we should never
forget that. If I were in charge of the Internet, you could Mapquest your lover's mood swings. Why can't we have letter writing and email exchange in our lives? We're actually interviewing people on the street,
in the places where they're hanging out and taking drugs. Somewhere down the road we opened a media management center. This film has no copyright. And then, you're now, well, actually, that's what this is
about. Now if we could take this language -- and this is a language of structures -- and make it longer-lasting, that it can go through the passage of the intestine, it would generate stronger signals. You
have a situation where the relationship between government and local social networking companies is creating a situation where, effectively, the empowering potential of these platforms because of these
relationships between companies and government. "Oh, my God!" Using the old thinking, of national infrastructure and pipe work, is too expensive. And Interval Research is kind of the living example of how
that can be true. Should they come forward, that would be a tricky situation for us, When I tried my first trick, it looked like this. I couldn't even do the simplest trick, The ego is not supposed to be
involved in graphic design. So in an apple orchard, for instance, you'll have rows of 10 apples of one variety, and then you have another apple tree that's a different type of pollen. That empty space lasts
essentially forever. What have I heard during these last four days? He panicked about being able to support his family. So let's see what that looks like. What percentage of you actually like a dark, rich,
hearty roast? So it had its downsides. And that's the stealing cards, which I did. OK. I started thinking, "Why can I not take this approach in the reverse way?" The danger is not at all unprecedented. Species
go extinct all the time. If we look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, he offers us something of a solution in his "I have a dream" speech. Now the acorn is associated
with the oak tree, of course -- grows into an oak tree, which is associated with Abraham. And that will happen, paradoxically -- everything you hear about global warming -- when we hit CO2 down to 10 parts
per million, we are no longer going to have to have plants that are allowed to have any photosynthesis, and there go animals. The first is 4Shbab. One such story I did documented the leatherback sea turtle. One
of my first battalion commanders, I worked in his battalion for 18 months and the only conversation he ever had with Lt. McChrystal was at mile 18 of a 25-mile road march, and he chewed my ass for about
40 seconds. Build -- run a special administrative zone. With a split wing we get the lift at the upper wing, and we get the propulsion at the lower wing. But she knows where he is. She learned about her rights. When
I first went to Dongguan, I worried that it would be depressing to spend so much time with workers. It's an automated robotic technology. You were supposed to draw the palace, the Gyeonghoeru, etc., but
I was coloring everything in black, so he dragged me out of the group. That, yes, it was the shirtless guy who was first, and he'll get all the credit, but it was really the first follower that transformed
the lone nut into a leader. I know there are other compassionate companies in the world, but Google is the place I'm familiar with because I've been there for 10 years, so I'll use Google as the case study. But
that's, again, shooting fish in a barrel, you know, right? So we did an experiment. Another political fear of human nature is that if we are blank slates, we can perfect mankind -- the age-old dream of the
perfectibility of our species through social engineering. So I told you that it ruins people's lives and that their friends bug them. So their judgments of the case when everything was fine remain the same.
They say she deserves no blame. They're going to work on the genomes of the passenger pigeon and the band-tailed pigeon. Those are the real problems in the modern office today. When a critical mass has been
attained, there's an abrupt acceleration in recruitment. "Human males and females develop a special bond, and when they're much older, much, much older than you, and they have a very special feeling, then
they can be naked together." And in addition to that, we know that five other really big countries are going to have a say in the future, a say we haven't even really started to hear yet -- China, India,
Russia, South Africa and Benki's own Brazil, where Benki got his civil rights only in the 1988 constitution. He was wearing a t-shirt like the one I wear now. I also started meditating for the first time
in my life in Bali. We have each other. This is real AFM -- Atomic Force Microscope -- data from my colleagues in the Solid State Lighting and Energy Center. This may be surprising. 100 bucks. That's the price-improvement
curve that -- we need some breakthroughs in physics along the way, I'll grant you that. I made it a year ago. And just how meanings change, and there were a terrible thing that has happened, Oars are not
supposed to look like this. How may know somebody like this? Come on. They provide opportunities to be more physically active, as well as local economic development. Again, whether we're talking health policy,
education, litigation, mergers, all of these are complicated problems that are predictable, that this sort of technology can be applied to. And then he took this whole raft of 45 spaghetti sauces, and he
went on the road. average depth of the ocean, 12,000 feet; two and half hours to get to work in the morning; So what I'm proposing is, just as we require reading, writing, arithmetic, American history, so
we should have a curriculum on facts about all the religions of the world -- about their history, about their creeds, about their texts, their music, their symbolisms, their prohibitions, their requirements. he's
trying to determine if where he is on a bit of Long Now land would appear from down in the valley to be the actual peak of the mountain. And this is called Blind Date. It's a [unclear], so if you're too
shy to be really at the date, you can stay at a distance with your flowers and somebody else reenacts the date for you. Helium-3: very rare on the surface of the Earth, very common in space. For example,
the dative construction in English. And this gives us a tangible model of the three-dimensional protein and how it folds and all of the intricacies of the geometry. Perhaps that was the intention. And it
only ended because the English cricketers had to go from Durban to Cape Town, which is a two-hour train journey, to catch the ship that left on the 17th, because the next ship wasn't around for a long
time. And this actually represented kind of a sea change to me. The sketches are in black and white here, but in my mind they have colors. And I actually didn't leave my house for about three days. It turns
out they're really great. Touch is even better. which is very common in Europe, Like Philip Roth, who said, "And yet, what are we to do about this terribly significant business of other people? Spend your
night in jail, spend your day holding down a job. Now, I'm not predicting 200 years of chaos as a result of this. 50. Now, narrow it down to the gray one, the green one and, say, the orange one. The mid-ocean
ridge runs around like the seam on a baseball. The cybertopians say, much like fax machines and Xerox machines did in the '80s, blogs and social networks have radically transformed the economics of protest, These
particles must have just as much mass and energy as is carried in by the proton and anti-proton. and we're making some real progress. So when I look at a film, here's what we look for: We look for a story
on the plot level, on the psychological level, then we look for a story on the political level, then we look at a story on a mythological level. And it has been named Okapi Faunal Reserve because of this
beautiful creature. and before you know it, it's 5 p.m., and you look back on the day, and you realize that you didn't get anything done. You may have heard the military dictum for the gathering of armies:
March to the sound of the guns. A clinical trial that is considered to be potentially beneficial to the population is more likely to be authorized, and in the absence of good health care systems, almost
any offer of medical assistance is accepted as better than nothing. It didn't help. Now, now that we understand that this so-called levitation is actually locking, Yeah, we understand that. We're trying to
find the beauty in the truth. And so we need a process of generating jobs, for ordinary young men, fast. I can explain you. I shall try. Our parents teach us that: praise with the good, scold with the bad. We're
proposing to do it in just a few hours, once we've set up the right chemistry. And just staying in the moment with it was a beautiful thing and really empowering actually. And I thought, "Do I tell this
jerk to quit it?" I thought, "Ian, stay out of it, stay out of it, you know, walk on." I walked to the back of the plane, How do I put that simply? No. It's just going up through the roof. They got this statement
of accomplishment. Every time I am home I am confronted with the usual sources of irritation for most Nigerians: our failed infrastructure, our failed government, but also by the incredible resilience of
people who thrive despite the government, rather than because of it. Now before we go on, I have a confession to make. We actually have a very interesting payload on there. They could rearrange themselves,
form bipartisan committees, but as the moral electromagnet got cranked up, the force field increased, Democrats and Republicans were pulled apart. You can see that for the prevalence to be as high as UNAIDS
says, we have to really see 60 deaths per 10,000 rather than 20 deaths per 10,000 in this age group. From plunderer to recovering plunderer, to America's greenest CEO in five years -- So, maybe what is happening
is that there's a level of cheating we can't go over, but we can still benefit from cheating at a low degree, as long as it doesn't change our impressions about ourselves. The second school I was at had
big trees too, had a fantastic tulip tree, I think it was the biggest in the country, and it also had a lot of wonderful bushes and vegetation around it, around the playing fields. That is, it is possible
for these three drivers of our world to increase happiness, to increase positive emotion, and that's typically how they've been used. This is my submission for the L.A. Museum of Film. And that's just the
United States. It was just sheer terror. the conversation doesn't serve the math. I didn't know it was out of control. I was totally indifferent. So, it went from about five percent, which was when this meme
started, to 70 percent at the end of voting. Which is pretty impressive right? We won! Mister Splashy Pants was chosen. Hmm, just kidding. Okay. Especially, it destroys our ability to trust each other,
to feel that we're all in the same boat, because it's obvious we're not. However, you can't burn this. It's too fine and it burns too quickly to be useful for cooking. And I remember, when I was about eight
or nine years old, waking up one morning, going into the living room, and all of my cousins were running around. We've just rolled this out in the last couple months -- But we also know where we are through
movement. It's a little paper chip. the first when humans can change themselves and their home planet. And indeed, we're going to be dropping these guys into that soup all the time. frankly, an unacceptable
risk. But we've got this bread, and what I did here is to try to, again, evoke even more flavor from this grain, was we've added into it the spent grain from beer-making. Another case: Last election cycle,
I was following Mitt Romney around New Hampshire, and he was campaigning with his five perfect sons: Bip, Chip, Rip, Zip, Lip and Dip. So what we need to do is to figure out a way of looking at the things
we do want to look at and make things transparent that we don't want to look at. You're an Indian, Egyptian, Italian, American. And let us give up our narrow selfishness in order to embrace change, and in
order to celebrate with the people of that region a great future and hope and tolerance. The slum built on the railroad reservation between the sea and the railroad tracks was completely swept away. But
even more incredible was the footage shot from the Triton submersible. But the monkey gradually developed a strategy. But culminating -- and that's where this hooks into the theme of my little talk -- which
is suspended from the cantilevered portion of the building. So all I'm doing is exploring this space of "T" and flashing through it with some action. One of them had been at 9/11 and lost his buddies on
September 11th, and yet went in and risked his life in order to save Sergio. One of my Twitter friends can type only with his toes. When I can predict or plan it, I don't do it. And it was worth it, because
they bought this thing, and it played out on such a grand scale, and it's so internationally recognizable, but for me it was actually a very, very depressing year. one, drawing from the domain of engineering,
and one from the clinic. And here comes biology -- biology, with its basic question, which still stands unanswered, which is essentially: "If there is life on other planets, do we expect it to be like life
on Earth?" And let me immediately tell you here, when I say life, I don't mean "dolce vita," good life, human life. This is like the photograph of my granddad holding my mom from a data perspective, and
I had to go into the system and get it out. Why does this matter? JS: There's obviously also something really deeply great about this. That's going to spray cells over that area. But unfortunately, most people
are not our mothers. And our algorithms -- not a person, of course, but our algorithms, our computers -- read his blog and decided that the related search was, "I am bored." And he remained there until 1.6
million years later, when this very famous fossil hunter, Kamoya Kimeu, walked along a small hillside and found that small piece of his skull lying on the surface amongst the pebbles, recognized it as
being hominid. For hundreds of years, the prevailing orthodoxy, the accepted truth, was that God the Father, the Creator, is unchanging and therefore by definition cannot feel pain or sadness. Modernism
means white box, and it's a perfect white box. But in fact they are doing them in a way that have allowed them to live gracefully on this planet for billions of years. So in one case: all the trillions of
atoms that make up that chunk of metal are sitting still and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and down. Now you can buy double to stuff you were going to get before. So, it actually works. Next,
more harmful chemicals are sprayed on fruits and vegetables, like pesticides and herbicides, to kill weeds and bugs. Mark Jacobson: Thank you. Fortunately, we've been able to convince Congress. A bit better. And
Apollo was one of the greatest motivators ever. We go through periods of enthrallment, followed by reactions in boardrooms, in the finance community best characterized as, what's the finance term? Ick pooey. They're
resilient; their redundancy is built into this fabulous decentralized design. Which is a fantastic story, unless you think about humanity's footprint on the planet and our ability to keep up food production. Or
you could go out by yourself even to a half-block-long empty lot, into the bushes: like a creature of leaves you'd lurk, crouched, crawling, simplified, savage, alone; already there was wanting to be simpler,
wanting, when they called you, never to go back. But who was the better man, old chum? The workers here often endure tragic sexual abuse at the hands of their customers. We stayed full-time students, but
in between we traveled, performing and teaching nine-year-olds to MFA candidates, from California to Indiana to India to a public high school just up the street from campus. I had to focus all my energies
towards going to find new species of things down on deep coral reefs. Now if you'd have asked me that a year ago, I wouldn't have been able to tell you that with any certainty. And that's important to keep
in mind. and he had little horns come up above his eyes. I think it's the only precedent in which money has ever been stopped from being used. But that was true back in the 30s, so I understood that. And here
is this man who had given his whole life to uncovering Jefferson and connecting with him, and he said, "Well ..." -- I'm going to do a bad southern accent. From a meteorite from space, we’re over here with
an original Sputnik. I connected high speed internet to it -- it's about three feet off the ground -- turned it on and left it there. The breeze passes through them. Those are basic human values. And we can
use electrodes or antennae to pick that up and tell the arm to move. That's my answer to the overpopulation question. and that nice thing is called meritocracy. What I'm trying to tell readers is that plastic
doesn't really go away; it just continues to wash downstream. And when they came in to tell me, I was at first elated. They also have their own news network on YouTube with 36,000 viewers at the moment. Think
about when you first got the information about this catastrophe, how you felt, and more importantly, when was the first time you saw the second trade tower implode and collapse after the first trade tower
had gone down? You need to take them out of search engines, you need to take them out of online directories, you need to take them out of user lists. It was criticized for glamorizing violence, because,
look -- sunglasses and those long coats, and, of course, they could walk up walls and do all these kinds of things that are impossible in the real world. You know, like just adjacent to me. He just started
asking, "Where did you buy the radio? How much is it?" So as I did this, and as I think many of us do this, we kind of buy our distance, we kind of buy our right to go on with our day. It's not something
I was very happy about. Perseus flying to the rescue of Andromeda. So he had this incredible curiosity. As a kid I saw him come over to me with radios and telephones and all sorts of things. It's very flat,
kind of rigid. We need to know earlier that they're getting in trouble, and we need to be able to pump possible solutions into models. And that mutation was passed on to their kids because they're the ones
that survived, so there was a great deal of population pressure. I'm Jessi, and this is my suitcase. He was having sex. We want you to go in. Robots and algorithms are getting good at jobs like building cars,
writing articles, translating -- jobs that once required a human. So what will we humans do for work? Andrew McAfee walks through recent labor data to say: We ain't seen nothing yet. But then he steps
back to look at big history, and comes up with a surprising and even thrilling view of what comes next. It's not that you're more neurotic than everyone else; it's just that you're more honest about how
neurotic you are." Hey, are you from Canada? "Oh, me too! Hi!" And just by changing the interpretation and the feeling, I can turn my cello into a voice, or into a whole orchestra, or into something that
nobody has ever heard before. they're a form of art, Watch it very closely, and you'll see why my six-year-old son now wants to be a neuroscientist. And you could taste herbs, you could taste spices. So I'm
going to show you another film. They're as smart as chimpanzees in some respects. Look at the waves coming here to shore. And I've got to think of my youngsters at UCLA -- 30-some attorneys, 11 dentists and
doctors, many, many teachers and other professions. He can go inside, push inside of the heart, and really feel how the valves are moving. It's bigger than a tiger. We can do multiple passes through that
same entry. something that we haven't shown anyone. When I saw a piece of technology called Kinect -- it was called Natal -- I was inspired, and I thought for a moment, maybe it's possible to address that
one problem of storytelling, to create a character which seemed alive, which noticed me, that could look me in the eyes and feel real, and sculpt a story about our relationship. And they got safer water,
they eradicated malaria. When you stack people in rows, the ones in the background look smaller than the ones in the foreground -- And this energy, according to Einstein, exerts a push on the universe. I
interviewed, when I was working on the book, I interviewed a woman who can think herself to orgasm. If all the answers are yes, I feel as though I've won. Two players who are being scanned using EEG electrodes
are going to bargain over one to six dollars. They would have spent the time alone, all that time. And she said, you can't make that conclusion, And "remarkable" is a really cool word because we think it
just means neat, but it also means -- worth making a remark about. And we're able, finally, to answer the question that's been so pressing for so many years: why do I have cancer? You would strictly have
to be agnostic about whether there is a teapot in orbit about Mars, but that doesn't mean you treat the likelihood of its existence as on all fours with its non-existence. And the bitter truth really is
that, you know, not in many countries. And the other thing there's no evidence for is exchange between groups, But it might well be that, in fact, if China wakes up in 2030 and realizes that the climate
impacts are just unacceptable, they may not be very interested in our moral conversations about how to do this, and they may just decide they'd really rather have a geo-engineered world than a non-geo-engineered
world. What I hope you think, is that bacteria can talk to each other, they use chemicals as their words, they have an incredibly complicated chemical lexicon that we're just now starting to learn about. We
give you the best tools, the best tools, and now, do it. They are the poorest of the poor. So, DNA contains information about how to make living organisms. It's turning green here because it feels that everything
is just right. And these voices became so persistent and so persuasive that I started to legitimately fear for my life, which is the time that I said to myself after 34 days -- and I will never forget this
moment -- I said, I am either going to kill myself or I'm going to turn this into a game. And this is a study that was just done a couple of years ago. The only problem was that Feynman diagrams are complicated. don't
know where oil comes from. I mean, literally, it's still a source of debate what this black river of stuff is and where it comes The way that more of you are likely to die than the combination The lottery
is an excellent example, of course -- an excellent test-case of people's ability to compute probabilities. So in fact, as I'm interacting in this world with other creatures, these creatures are transparently
coming from other players as they play. You have someone from Google talking to someone who does comparative literature. What turned out to determine whether someone would stop and help a stranger in need
was how much of a hurry they thought they were in -- were they feeling they were late, or were they absorbed in what they were going to talk about. What damage [does] it actually inflict on the plant? It
says, "Self-confidence produces fine results." It's really serious. And that of all the technologies that were exploited to make that carnage come into being, probably the single group of technologies that
cost the most lives were those that enable 50,000 people to live in two buildings 110 stories above the ground. So, how do we rebuild it? It had this resilience that is what we need in our modern world. So
I'm here to tell you that we have a problem with boys, and it's a serious problem with boys. Feynman's style -- no, style is not the right word. And we’ve certainly learnt that over time, much more creative
outcomes when everybody does play by the rules. HC: So we had been creating all of these dishes out of a kitchen that was more like a mechanic's shop than a kitchen, and the next logical step for us was
to install a state-of-the-art laboratory, and that's what we have here. And the fire that burned in me on day three through six of chemo is the fire that is burning in the forests of the world. Consider
the great problem of women's bodies: What to do about them? Worked pretty well for 200 years. And enough people looked at it and found it valuable enough that the programmers who created Ushahidi decided
they were going to make it open source and turn it into a platform. I think this film is one of the hardest watches of modern times, "The Road." And on this blog, he blogs about his life, about his life
in St. Petersburg -- he's in his early 20s -- about his cat, about his girlfriend. And he drives a very nice car. I have come from so far to meet you like this. If you line the sides of the cabinets using
the gel material -- if a cabinet slams shut it wouldn't make a loud noise, and in addition the magnets would draw the cabinets closed. And more than that, it's a confection of different ideas, the idea
of plastic, the idea of a laser, the idea of transistors. In the shredder condition, it was twice as much -- 30 cents per sheet. We can learn by watching other people and copying or imitating what they can
do. But then we decided we needed to do something more. And when colors came out everywhere, a mood of change started transforming the spirit of people. They open doors, they drive my car, they massage me,
they will throw tennis balls, they will cook for me and serve the food. And if you do that, that's the essential move to cultivate moral humility, to get yourself out of this self-righteousness, which is
the normal human condition. This new awareness opens up vast possibilities for applications that help improve our lives and ourselves. 10 seconds, that's all. I want to be respectful. 10 seconds. So it's
thrown out repeatedly in these loops and copied one section at a time, creating two new DNA molecules. That's when I decided I had to do something. And I think we're going to be fine. We can only watch so
much. It's really important for our music and our language. They develop science that makes it easier and easier to do. And I just want to leave you with the personal points that I think you might be interested
in. But they weren't kind of surprised I traveled around the world to visit them, because in their eyes he is, after all, a famous Qing dynasty military hero. It's saying that you do some geo-engineering
for a little while to take the worst of the heat off, not that you'd use it as a substitute for action. Why have we got 130,000 troops on the ground? Come to me and tell me what it is. That's what I call
positive African attitude. Governments buy hundreds of thousands of cars a year. And that's not what the debate should be about. And then this led to broader ideas of buildings that come together through
the multiplicity of systems. So here we are, at a very microscopic scale, swimming around. And I actually realize that cells don't have eyes, but it helps to make it cute. There won't be a third chance. And
then of course, this year we've been responding to Katrina, as well as following up on our reconstruction works. for publication. Right? So we have to write it up. And we talk about how women have such strong
perceptions, because of our tenuous position and our role as tradition-keepers, that we can have the great potential And I think, I truly believe, that we can change this thing one laugh at a time. And
one day, we went for a meeting. Ben Novak was the youngest scientist at the meeting. Well, you can't see it. So, people want a lot of things out of life, but I think, more than anything else, they want happiness. We
now know that viruses make up the majority of the genetic information on our planet, more than the genetic information of all other forms of life combined. It's people who think about food, who think ahead,
who plan, who can stare at a pile of raw vegetables and actually recognize them. So William Beveridge, when he wrote the first of his famous reports in 1942, created what became Britain's welfare state
in which he hoped that every citizen would be an active participant in their own social well-being. SMW: You can now walk the street and see a role model. And I tried to sum this up in some kind of symbol
that means something, to me anyway. Haven't heard back yet from SEC on all the details, but do you say, do you want to help participate in this, provide the money that they need?" and that was a really radical
thing to do. Poor people are not only still poor; they are still unhealthy. Even as a child, I remember thinking that what I really wanted most in life was to be able to understand everything and then to
communicate it to everyone else. And I didn't know what would happen when I ran out of things to give, especially if the problem was never going away. Our consciousness of that thing that we're attending
to becomes extremely bright and vivid, and everything else sort of goes dark. I apologize for the sexist conversation here, but this is the way it really happened. I'm -- I'm dead serious here. I'm actually
-- this is not a joke. Okay, well, the issue then is, do we need to be alive to see this kind of spontaneous order, and I've already hinted that the answer is no. She wasn't about to make up for this occasion. And
I went through it. I went through those mobs. Unfortunately it's made against the current form of H5N1. Where does it stop? That is a 21st-century story as well as an ancient one. And I always sensed deep
down that this was wrong and that introverts were pretty excellent just as they were. Because what I used to do, when I thought I was listening, was I would listen just enough to hear what people had to
say and think that I could -- I knew what they were going to say, and so I stopped listening. But just as importantly, we need to think of ourselves as the readers of our fears, and how we choose to read
our fears can have a profound effect on our lives. "Well, we can flip the bus over, we can have it burst into flames, and how about someone, you know, big explosion." Normally it's sort of cordoned off when
it's in a museum. What do the computer models say about this, that and the other thing? So, I am indeed going to talk about the spaces men create for themselves, Dry areas cover more than one third of the
Earth's land surfaces. And that's not fair. It took me a year to learn how to walk again after I had my diving accident in Palau and during that year I spent a lot of time learning about the physics and
physiology of diving and figuring out how to overcome these limitations. So, I came to give you a ride." So, what's the point? What should you do? And it's not just in Africa. actually, beyond they don't have
sex with other people. Do you look at the current generation of kids coming up and think they're too coddled, they don't know what they've got, we're going to raise a generation of privileged ... It wasn't
until the invention of the MR and really the integration of MR with focused ultrasound that we could get the feedback -- both the anatomical and the physiological in order to have a completely noninvasive,
closed-loop So this is how it looks, you know, the operating room of the future today. I would start by asking people to rate their happiness between one and 10, which is kind of inherently absurd. I must
say that before I went to the U.S. I didn't consciously identify as African. I was very worried about her. Well, I started making comics, but I also started trying to understand them, almost immediately. I
must say there is magic in these moments. But we have given to the developing countries the technologies and the ways of thinking that are creating the crisis. This is in Bolivia -- In about the length of
this session, you would have counted all 5,000. Interesting. I'm, as you can guess, not a materialist, I'm an immaterialist. Don't medicate kids for attention deficit disorder unless it is really, really
freaking bad. The reality is that we need to reverse the sequence. And last week we sang with the children one of their favorite songs, "The Wise Man Built His House Upon the Rock." Business as usual in healthcare
is broken and we've got to do something different. And most responsible people that measure temperatures realize you have to shield your measuring device from that. Well, I'll tell you what. Green technologies
-- going green -- Now the dove, who, now you know, obviously cannot fly, does for the third time a little flop, flop, flop and ends up on the wire behind me. The building on the right at the top is now under
construction. EM: Since our primary competitors are national governments, the enforceability of patents is questionable. I remember I was about 13, glued to a grainy black and white television in my parents'
living room as Soviet tanks rolled into Budapest, and kids not much older than me were throwing themselves at the tanks and getting mown down. Ancient monuments give us clues to astonishing past civilizations
-- but they're under threat from pollution, war, neglect. Ben Kacyra, who invented a groundbreaking 3D scanning system, is using his invention to scan and preserve the world's heritage in archival detail. And
I'm going to break it down for you for just a second. They got a shot of virus up the nose, let's see what happens. And designers would like, oh, I don't know how to do an equation, I don't understand what
you're saying. And then all of a sudden they really started talking each others' language, and now we're already at the point that they collaborate. I wanted to become a doctor like Paul Farmer or Rick
Hodes, these kind of fearless men who go into places like Haiti or Ethiopia and work with AIDS patients with multidrug-resistant tuberculosis, or with children with disfiguring cancers. below his head and
far in front. We grew up without a television. We are harangued, lectured to, but a letter is actually one of the few times that we have honest communication. and we will kill a lot of mice in the process
of doing this, but they will die for a good cause. How's this stuff work? If each of you differs from the person next to you by one in a thousand, but only three percent codes, which means it's only one
in a thousand times three percent, And, you know, we're not doing it because we're bored. And that's why when you get something declassified, that's what it looks like. We got a big group of students to be
in the experiment, So everybody got an envelope with all the money for the experiment, and we told them that at the end, we asked them to pay us back the money they didn't make. OK? Somebody said this a
couple of years back. You think that's not an issue going forward? But with the internet, she's in a position where she can tell a lot of people what to read. I installed Collusion in my own laptop two weeks
ago and I let it follow me around for what was a pretty typical day. One, two, three, four, five, six and seven. And a lot of law firms are getting rid of paralegals because there's software that can sum
up case laws and legal briefs and decisions. He's analyzed basically all the weblogs out there that he's tracking. I'll stop it there in the interest of time. Capt. Charles Moore of the Algalita Marine Research
Foundation first discovered the Great Pacific Garbage Patch -- an endless floating waste of plastic trash. Now he's drawing attention to the growing, choking problem of plastic debris in our seas. DJ: Now
one of the big things, of course, everybody knows that cats hate water, and so this was a real revelation for us. It's not okay to write these kinds of things in classrooms today. And even though you're
feeling great at any one moment, don't take it for granted, be ready, because there's going to be pain, there's going to be suffering. This is male blogging posture sitting, and the result is, "For greater
comfort, men naturally sit with their legs farther apart than women, when working on laptop. And I succeeded. And the Siwa Oasis is famous for several things, but the key thing is that it was the place that
Alexander the Great went to when he wanted to find out what his destiny had in store for him. They got this way by being remarkable, sometimes a little too remarkable. Try and inflate it. Which is how I ended
up having lunch with the Scientologists. There he made an art department for me where I worked for several months. Obviously, you've got a computer now. because I pick up the phone and I call and say, "Hey,
can you deliver the pizza?" My name is Kate Hartman. But because so many of the issues in education aren't just in school, they're in family and community, what you also need, definitely, is more on the
right hand side. And the key idea to Bayesian inference is you have two sources of information from which to make your inference. And a group of engineers worked in Germany, and the idea was they would work
separately on this problem of what's the successor to the SUV. They would come together, compare notes. Then they would work apart, come together, and they would produce together a monumental set of diverse
opinions that didn't pollute each other's ideas -- but at the same time came together and resolved the problems. Now there's compelling evidence that it really needs to be 350. A musician who took time from
his life to teach me, a sophomore, a freshman at SUNY Buffalo. And this is about as close as you can get to a physical Turing test. But if you're the leader on it, at the hardest move, you're looking at
about 100 foot fall, onto some low angle slabs. Perhaps build some schoolrooms. This is indeed the true heart of the planet. Of course, we couldn't have a classroom discussion with tens of thousands of students,
so we encouraged and nurtured these online forums. So we've developed certain tactics and strategies culture,global issues,iraq,leadership,peace,war We're trying to do something about the death penalty. We
could do a turn in a story that was literally a turn. Then no, it does not deserve protection. Then of course, the Iraq War, predicted to cost just 60 billion back in 2003. This is research that's high-risk,
sometimes high-cost. As I said, even this building we're standing in -- that's one of the ironies -- this building was part of that series of complexes, what they called the Twin Towers. I remember, I decided
to write my "Why the World Isn't Flat" article, because I was being interviewed on TV in Mumbai, and the interviewer's first question to me was, "Professor Ghemawat, why do you still believe that the world
is round?" And I started laughing, because I hadn't come across that formulation before. They've just won four government contracts to build off their 100 ambulances, and are one of the largest and most
effective ambulance companies in India. How do you prevent people from taking that sort of action on the data that you're developing? In the fashion industry, there's very little intellectual property protection. So
in other words, the future has kind of been shrinking one year per year for my whole lifetime. You get two or three discrete locations. And if this is true, it must also be that God knows the joy and exaltation
of the human spirit, as well. Instead, color tells us something completely different, that the brain didn't actually evolve to see the world the way it is. And then the browser appeared. The browser was
great, but the browser was very primitive, very narrow bandwidth. Because, if the first neurons in the chain are activated, through their synapses they send messages to the second neurons, which are activated,
and so on down the line, like a chain of falling dominoes. And, in fact, cancers don't start out with a blood supply. So why don't you rent the drill, or, even better, rent out your own drill to other people
and make some money from it? We've been developing at the Media Lab this little city car that is optimized for shared use in cities. But they have no incentive to do so. They were trusted by the local communities
like our leader, Joshua Kangombe. We've started a pilot program in Ghana. We got a small seed grant, just to see if folks would be willing to work with us on this; we're very excited about the future possibilities
for that. We started eating "freedom fries," It's only by child survival that we will stop population growth. So we set up a quick experiment here to show that to you. Now, you see the magnet fell really
slowly. I want you to point directly at his forehead, OK. Is that an idea that you believe in, and how would you define that? Someone put up all the Wikileaked cables from the State Department, along with
software used to interpret them, including my favorite use ever of the Cablegate cables, which is a tool for detecting naturally occurring haiku in State Department prose. Now, the idea is simple when we're
applying it to coin tosses, but in fact, it's not very simple in everyday life. And in fact, making things using technology -- and I'm being serious here, even though I'm using my sarcastic voice -- And
I announced I wanted to be a sculptor in Paris. When people basically had to go somewhere else to work and carry out the work. How much energy and money does it take to actually have a plan to negotiate
with an advanced species? Now, clearly there are problems with the 35-hour workweek in France -- too much, too soon, too rigid. And you know why they have a design? And so some people knit together the networks
around them, creating a kind of dense web of ties in which they're comfortably embedded. But in the end, business grew bigger than ever. That struck a chord, and I said, "That's true." And it is, again, linked
to something nice, and that nice thing is called meritocracy. Now, I'll show you a fun app that -- we've been working on a collaboration with our friends at Flickr. And then in a response to that same comment
-- this is on the thread. It's a four-letter word. It's a kind of a bad feeling word, fear. I wanted to make posters, not newspapers. For instance, here's what people are saying about TED. This is the advice
your doctor gives you: "just go home and have a glass of wine with your wife." And as with Amazon, so it is with Netflix. We thought this was a good story. Bono spoke very eloquently, that we have the tools,
for the first time, to address age-old problems of disease and poverty. She was part of a study at Rutgers University. and in grad school I became interested in creatures that dwell in the hidden corners
of the city. This is the skyline of my hometown, New Orleans. We all use Wikipedia. Remember at 10 years old -- so 34 years ago I saw opportunity in this stuff. The Tahltan have been able, with the support
of all Canadians who live downstream, all local politicians, to resist this assault on their homeland, but now everything hangs in the balance. They just move back to the Mid-East and those come back. culture,education,leadership,life,poetry,sports,work So
when you think about this problem, what an enormous undertaking. Where do you begin? How much will it cost you and your spacesuit to go to orbit? So now let me get to our TED wish. And the bear cubs were
being harvested from across the country and being sold and traded. You get fungi, you get fish, you get plants, you get amphibia, you get reptiles, and then, of course, you get the dinosaurs. Nurse: Nothing's
in your pockets, right Mike? Rob Hopkins reminds us that the oil our world depends on is steadily running out. He proposes a unique solution to this problem -- the Transition response, where we prepare
ourselves for life without oil and sacrifice our luxuries to build systems and communities that are completely independent of fossil fuels. Why is Wired magazine doing this? We contribute to that squeeze
by depositing food in bins here in Britain and elsewhere in the world. We take food off the market shelves that hungry people depend on. Can you give us a sense of what they are and maybe some incident
in your life that helped determine them? Not only in lives saved, but in goodwill, stability and security that we'll gain. And I found somebody from The New York Times, and I cornered him, and I pitched
him. It applies equally to math. People will tell you it's impossible, and that's exactly why we try to do it. We also set up experiments in San Francisco at one of the three waste water treatment plants,
again a facility to test ideas. You won't need to know trig. and this is one of the structures that exists in that city. By detecting the odor of particular bacteria, or viruses, or even lung cancer, the
dots will change and they can use software to analyze the results. "British jobs for Scottish people ... One other thing you can do with such a thing is you can, because it's a pattern matching exercise,
because there's unique fingerprint, we can actually scan through the entire genome and find other proteins that show a similar fingerprint. CA: Just leave it up there for a sec. So it's common -- don't expect
to be out of here in 10 minutes. Hopefully this inspires you to take what you've heard from me and do something with it to change the world. Or you get everything invented to yesterday, including Facebook
and your iPhone, but you have to give up, go out to the outhouse, and carry in the water. We know from the scientific research that willpower actually works like a muscle. They also understand that an erotic
space isn't about, you begin to stroke the other. And that's assuming you already have DSL in your house. CA: Have you started to do that? All models show it will postpone warming for about six years in 2100. And
another version of this sort of thing is what is often called red tides or toxic blooms. So the natural question you ask then at that point is, how do I get good at what I'm trying to do? It's why we think
garbage men might be paid more than people who work in parks, OK? Bobby Kennedy was scheduled to bring an inner city message in Indianapolis. We do not buy unit doses of radiopharmaceuticals. But have you
seen anything in nature, an animal that has three legs? And we start construction in June, and it will be opened by TEDGlobal. And it's a big family reunion, and yet, like many family reunions, it's not
all peace and light. Don Norman on 3 ways good design makes you happy Now, malaria is of course transmitted by mosquitoes. He did it by creating a movement. More than 90 percent of the population lives below
the federal poverty line. So, here's another example. This company is GoLoco -- It meant that there could be extreme dynamics, which there weren't in some of these other kinds of music. Put them together,
and we're seeing a wave of astonishing breakthroughs, like robots that do factory work or run as fast as a cheetah or leap tall buildings in a single bound. One method that's particularly interesting that
I've been using a lot lately is evolution itself. And they actually use the Nintendo Wii remote. And "would" is Coco Chanel's lover, "should" is Edith Sitwell, and "could" is an August Sander subject. And
I bring this up because it's important to locate this practice in history. To look at 1968, in the incredible historic moment that it is, and think of the arc that has happened since then, to think of
the possibilities that we are all privileged to stand in today and imagine that this museum that came out of a moment of great protest and one that was so much about examining the history and the legacy
of important African-American artists to the history of art in this country like Jacob Lawrence, Norman Lewis, Romare Bearden. Gravity wins over all other known forces. Everyone was glued to the TV, watching
disturbing, frightening images taken from the edge of the neighborhood. And in subsequent climbs they could never find that ant again, and so no specimens have ever been collected. Women used to get really
debilitating surgeries to excise all of the axillary lymph nodes. Bed nets are very cheap. The hippocampus is formed of two sheets of cells, which are very densely interconnected. We've seen an image of our
blue planet, our world bank. And so he came up with this beautiful curve. Man: Then do as I tell you. Fold the sari into eight folds. cancer,health,health care,medicine,science Go back to Africa's indigenous
institutions, and this is where we charge the Cheetahs to go into the informal sectors, the traditional sectors. And not until all the laws that are made by man are consistent with the laws that are made
by the higher authority will we live in a just world. Now, I didn't come here to depress you about the state of the global supply chain. But others turned this issue on its head, taking us to the possibility
of a multiverse. But the electron also has a neutral partner called the neutrino, with no electric charge and a very tiny mass. Before the Scientific Revolution, they believed that everything important,
knowable, was already known, enshrined in ancient writings, institutions, and in some genuinely useful rules of thumb -- which were, however, entrenched as dogmas, along with many falsehoods. And what we've
done is that we've turned the bullet into a light source, so that bullet is actually shining, and it makes it really easy to find these fragments. In fact, one of the most important lessons from this comparison
is that you don't have to compromise equity to achieve excellence. So this stuff is not that hard, right? It's something called a lateral flow immunoassay. they also operate like mountains. They're no good
either. Meanwhile, the values and voices of democracy are silent. And I realized that we had to do something 'cause it wasn't working just as it was. But on the morning of December 10, 1996, I woke up to
discover that I had a brain disorder of my own. Even from the same maker or based on the same model. The first experiment I did out of Newcastle was actually done in India. A basket is made up of horizontal
and vertical elements. And from that comes the Internet. If you'll pardon the expression. Across northern Europe, many governments now have innovation laboratories within them. The National Movement of India
was testimony to that. Well right now, as you can see, the results can be somewhat comical. and where these farmers who actually, ten thousand years ago, put us on the road of bread. But it may be a pretty
good idea relocated into sustainable nuclear energy for electricity, instead of burning coal. So we classify people by what they picked, and then we look at the difference between playing humans versus
playing computers, which brain areas are differentially active. Now see, in Duolingo, because while you learn you're actually creating value, you're translating stuff -- which for example, we could charge
somebody for translations. personally, one by one, family by family, clan by clan, neighborhood by neighborhood. And before we say something is out of this world, we should first make sure that it's not
in this world. It depends only on the mass of the object. Again, after having lived for more than 200 years under the East India Company and under imperial rule, Indians had a very natural reaction towards
globalization believing it was a form of imperialism. They laughed together. Helps us do our jobs better, and helps us feel better when we do them. Just today, D.C. Comics announced the cover of our upcoming
crossover. Here's the section on the all-important emergency stop switch. And over 300 children will become computer literate and be able to do all of these things in six months with one computer. Well, I
wanted to be an inventor just like my dad; so did Michael. And these guys, the innovators and the early adopters, they're comfortable making those gut decisions. But of course, Lincoln was assassinated by
a conspiracy. But what I love -- and I'm a journalist -- and what I love is finding hidden patterns; I love being a data detective. 200 people in this beautiful Victorian mansion. And to contrast that, you
can see the most important institution in the world, the World Bank, is an organization of the government, by the government, for the governments. ... Months of preparation crammed into 18 minutes, raising
the bar cruelly for the next generation of speakers, with the effects that we've seen this week. I feel as if my blog, my email, Twitter and Facebook have given me a substitute for everyday conversation. Another
reason -- although I think, perhaps, the most powerful reason -- why we find it hard to slow down is the cultural taboo that we've erected against slowing down. The input doesn't really have to be meaningful. And
then the question is, well, if they're going to be here in 500 years, are they going to be everywhere sooner than that? That feeling was the trigger for me to actually change my career -- from being a software
engineer to become a science writer -- so that I could partake in the joy of science, and also the joy of communicating it to others. I'm a neuroscientist, and I study decision-making. Right now, I’m just
coming down on this gorgeous, big, giant manta ray. a very different model than our default model for large-scale group action in the 20th century. Data: A couple of New Jersey hunters are out in the woods. So
now what we do is we take a genome, we make maybe 50 copies of it, we cut all those copies up into little 50-base reads, and then we sequence them, massively parallel. When you see grumpy customer service,
point that out to them. The elemental world that we all live in is that space that we all visited together, the darkness of the body. I hope to become a vet when I grow up so that I can take care of stray
cats and dogs who wander around the streets of the village that I live near Gilgit, northern Pakistan. This thing's selling still about a million copies a month. "I can't let someone work at home. It was
a great moment, and it utterly changed my life. And let me show you, what does public expenditure -- rather, public administration expenditure -- in Uganda constitute? We need to engage and find ways of
offering guidance to these young people, The connection with the machine is much more easy, much more even ethically possible. As the senior officer approaches with a baton, Layma stands up with deliberation,
reaches her arms up over her head, and begins, very slowly, to untie her headdress that covers her hair. For one thing, we can determine that there's a planet there, but also how big that planet is and
how far it is away from its parent star. One of the things that always frustrated me a little bit about astronomy when I was a kid is how it was always presented so two-dimensionally and so static. As we
pull away from the star here, we're actually going now out into interstellar space, and we're getting a sense of the space around our home star. So with some friends we started to do different tricks, like
for example this jump here, I jumped from a paraglider. Imagine what happens when the cost of getting information from anywhere to anywhere is close to zero. we can do it much better. I'm going to try to
square a four-digit number this time. Goldman Sachs has projected that China, the Chinese economy, will surpass that of the U.S. A founding member of the Axis of Evil Comedy Tour, standup comic Maz Jobrani
riffs on the challenges and conflicts of being Iranian-American -- "like, part of me thinks I should have a nuclear program; the other part thinks I can't be trusted ..." I was bald. She'd make this kind
of, like, wall of tofu cooking, and it would confuse the customers, because they all thought it was a restaurant. He's seen that it's possible to have a different set of rules, It's very complicated, but
it turns out they flap their wings very quickly. So this interdependent world which has been pretty good to most of us -- which is why we're all here in Northern California doing what we do for a living,
enjoying this evening -- is profoundly unequal. You're going to see, in just two weeks, the normal worms are old. Every single moment. And finally, let's think about how we test intelligence. I think novelists
put this best. So it becomes slightly three-dimensional. And if you can see -- it's kind of faint -- but if you can see the red waves emanating out, those are the gravitational waves. And essentially the
parking is sort of occupying the deep space underneath the apartments. And up in the sun, you have a single layer of apartments that combine all the splendors of a suburban lifestyle, like a house with
a garden with a sort of metropolitan view, and a sort of dense urban location. Liberia has been devastated by one of Africa's bloodiest civil wars, which has left more than 200,000 people dead, thousands
of women scarred by rape and crime on a spectacular scale. If you're not outraged by all of this, you haven't been paying attention. Mammograms have been around since the 1960's, and it's changed very little. So
just looking at this heart, I can play back a video here. Maybe we're the ones who have taken this natural advantage we had and we spoiled it. The fermentation which started at stage three is continuing
through all these other stages. Again, developing more flavor. Once we have all the details of that imaginary scenario, suddenly we feel like it might be important to save so that that guy has a little
retirement money. It's not going to happen, you know, in one year, but it's an important, deeply economic and cultural change that happens through children. My dad is white from Cornwall, and my mom is black
from Zimbabwe. We have collected and conserved a great deal of biological diversity, agricultural diversity, mostly in the form of seed, and we put it in seed banks, which is a fancy way of saying a freezer. And
that means that we have to change some of our models of what innovation and deep thinking really looks like, right. And yet he says, "He restores my soul." So that's another demographic fact. We'll take a
process that normally might require 100,000 years, and we can compress it down to a thousand years -- and maybe even in the next 100 years. Now, when I went to look at the figures of the U.S. money supply,
the U.S. money supply is the amount of dollars that the Federal Reserve prints every year in order to satisfy the increase in the demand for dollars, which, of course, reflects the growth of the economy. Well,
there are some kind of executive decisions, but mostly the answer is -- everybody and nobody. BF: You know, over the years, every year at the conference, it's kind of become a tradition for us to do something
dangerous with Richard. And we've always done something with the bullwhips We want kids to think, I'm the hero in waiting, waiting for the right situation to come along, and I will act heroically. and he
is interested in the question of why people do and don't take their meds. My team at InteraXon and I have been developing throught-controlled application for almost a decade now. This studies the circuitry
in two people's brains that activates while they interact. So -- -- now, when you think about this, what we have here is a ham butt problem. We're at last starting to debate this issue, and the benefits
that are available for designing for the ears in education, unbelievable. We're building for smartphones, so that it can be used in the developed world, as well as the developing world. You don't need that
much up there. So I decided that I would go to Burma for my own intentions, and still didn't know that if I went there, what the result of that would be, if I wrote a book -- and I just would have to face
that later, when the time came. I'm thinking, "This is my kid. How dare she? What's nice about this page is you can immediately take a look at this and see, oh OK, I understand now. But you know, there's
something about the kids finishing their homework in a given day, working one-on-one, getting all this attention -- they go home, they're finished. They don't stall. They don't do their homework in front
of the TV. So I come with my stencils, and I spray them on the suit, on the tank, and on the whole wall, and this is how it stands today until further notice. Anthony Atala: See, at the end of the day, the
promise of regenerative medicine is a single promise. We see it in the constant appearance of slang and jargon, of the historical change in languages, in divergence of dialects and the formation of new
languages. So let me tell you about the U-report, which I'm really excited about. It's 150,000 millennials all across Uganda, young people armed with 2G phones, an SMS social network exposing government
corruption and demanding to know what's in the budget and how their money is being spent. I came back after two months and the children trooped in and said, "We've understood nothing." They come from us. The
kids actually get involved in mapping out where the community center should be, and then eventually, the community is actually, through skills training, end up building the building with us. Should we be
collecting all of that guy's data to make his experiences better and to protect ourselves in case he's up to no good? YR: And also the currents are quite funny there. But I want to argue, above all, a big-picture
positive for this world. Now this rather old photo up there is actually the first project I was ever hired to do, something like 25 years ago. a lot of variation on which natural selection can act. And predictably,
perhaps, on the fourth day he ended up in the operating room. If you look at other East Asian countries, women there play a hugely important role in terms of economic take-off -- in terms of creating the
manufacturing miracle associated with East Asia. And once things are in a pile I can browse them by throwing them into a grid, or you know, flip through them like a book or I can lay them out like a deck
of cards. We can't afford to be cool and sit this one out. It can be beautiful. It can reveal quite astonishing things. "No. It should be Go Go Gadget!" We know perfectly where all the ATMs are about the city
of Maastricht. Since then, it's happened again in London, it's happening internationally, and across the country. And there they would hide for 160 million years, until liberated by that K-T asteroid. Because
we've answered the question we started out with. The driver's name is Naran. And so you can see, literally, signs of their shock, signs of their outrage, signs of their anger, and signs of their grief. Watching
exploration live from thousands of miles away, and it's just dawning on her what she's seeing. DR: I like that word. Right now, AIDG is working with KPFF Consulting Engineers, Architecture for Humanity,
to bring more confined masonry training into Haiti. One of the things that really excites me about what we're doing now is we have this thing called AdSense, And while Google is very, very good with some
languages, it's actually pretty dreadful with Chinese. And I normally rig it with the web of a money spider. But these are early incorporations of illusions brought to -- sort of high point with Hans Holbein's
"Ambassadors." And Hans Holbein worked for Henry VIII. This was hung on a wall where you could walk down from the stair and you can see this hidden skull. So you go to The Container Store and spend an enormous
amount of money, and then you start this crazy sorting process that never -- it's just nuts. She's a very serious Swiss artist. Here you see it on a small scale -- the mothership has landed, R2-D2 and C-3PO
have stepped out to test the bark mulch to see if they can inhabit this planet. The serif is not really in place. So I stand here today as you see now, walking without crutches or a cane. And you can't develop
the informal and the traditional sectors without an operational understanding of how these two sectors work. and we do it for about 10 percent of the cost that you will need to do those things in the United
States. And we wondered how they use these bizarre toes to climb up a wall so quickly. This is rocket science, but it's not hard rocket science. But for this part of the story, I'd actually like to throw
it to America's leading technology correspondent, John Markoff. Max Vision was one of the best penetration testers working out of Santa Clara, California in the late 90s for private companies and voluntarily
for the FBI. Now, when I was born, they realized they had a pretty smart kid, and they didn't want me to go to the neighborhood school, which was free. I'm sniffing this other dog's rear end, the owner's
calling." This session today is about behavioral economics. Did we simply lose our beastly impulses for revenge, for violent rituals, for pure rage? This is some severe frostbite on the feet, severe frostbite
on the nose. And he hadn't seen a computer before we did this movie. We taught him Photoshop and -- yeah, we can play it. "Without a name, an unseen face, and knowing not your time or place, Tomorrow's child,
though yet unborn, I met you first last Tuesday morn. You have to know, or you probably already know, that indoor air pollution is more toxic than outdoor one. I'm here to enlist you in helping reshape the
story about how humans and other critters get things done. Bodies that were built to hang onto every calorie found themselves swimming in the superfluous calories of the post-war Western diet. Another kind
of cell, head direction cells, which I didn't mention yet, they fire like a compass according to which way you're facing. If this is so critical, do we not need it funded, organized, supported in much more
structured ways? And then you can see the inside of the heart. It's not one way. The other things they've worked on -- I didn't have time to say this in my talk -- is they've restored functional hearing to
thousands of deaf people. And so, just the initial lift off from Sugarloaf to cross the Atlantic, as we were pushing into the jet stream, this enormous balloon -- the top of the balloon ended up going at
a couple of hundred miles an hour, the capsule that we were in at the bottom was going at maybe two miles an hour, and it just took off. I did get depressed. The Pew Institute, which produces good data on
a regular basis on, for instance, in the States, says that -- and I think that this number is conservative -- 50 percent of anybody with email access at work is actually doing private email from his office. And
metaphor gives us a much more vivid understanding of Juliet than if Shakespeare had literally described what she looks like. This country over here is China. This is India. I'd like to deal with the lack
of affordable personal mobility in this country by making it very cheaply possible for low-income families to get efficient, reliable, warranted new cars that they could otherwise never get. It can run
and hide. It has fears and emotions. It can eat you, you know. but on a computer you can do it. Let's switch over to the P.C. As adults we admire the lap from a nostalgic distance. And thankfully for all
of us, the English are very good at inventing things, and then the gracious people that they are, they let the world become very good at it. And then I left. JH: Give me a story of a tool you created at
the beginning in Second Life that you were pretty sure people would want to use in the creation of their avatars or in communicating that people actually in practice said, no, I'm not interested in that
at all, and name something that you didn't come up with that almost immediately people began to demand. So half of the customers are going to go from high choice, 56 car colors, to low choice, four gearshifts. I
call it the hockey puck. What we saw in that kidney was that big blob there. They have this really remarkable facial expression technology that recognizes facial expressions, what facial expressions you're
making. "Strange," he agreed. These are the descendants of Hans Frank who was Hitler's personal legal advisor and governor general of occupied Poland. So every day, there's a field trip where they together
create a book -- China isn't conquering Mongolia. What could we do with this information that all these women are being violated?" It's another way of getting the intuition. We have diverted 148 million pounds
-- that's 74,000 tons -- of used carpet from landfills, closing the loop on material flows through reverse logistics and post-consumer recycling technologies that did not exist when we started 14 years
ago. Everything I do is word for word off a tape. So really what the ice does is it acts like a garden. And what we ended up discussing was that in most media you get mostly an image with a lot of text, and
the text is blasted all over. And it raises a question: what changed? It's still changing patterns even among groups who know how to deal with the Internet well. I cannot, you know, give you any detail as
far as what is actually happening with those halls, but it's just the fact that they are going to a group of people for whom so many years we've been saying, "Well, how on Earth can they experience music?
You know, they're deaf." Because we cannot afford, as a society, to provide every student with an individual human tutor. I tried to imagine myself in their place, and I was totally humbled by their courage
and determination in the face of such catastrophic loss. There was a tent, a letter to the Norwegian king. So this is what happens as that burn gets going. Philosopher-comedian Emily Levine talks about science,
math, society and the way everything connects. She's a brilliant trickster, poking holes in our fixed ideas and bringing hidden truths to light. Settle in and let her ping your brain. And in fact, in a
way, it almost took down your empire at one point. But then in the late '70s something changed. And I started grappling with this existential angst of what little I had done with my life. Our team -- and
we have a team of experts that go out -- we went out 20 times in the old-growth forest last year. So we're getting very close to the human sense of fairness. Now I can feel a sensation of delight and beauty
if I look at that eye. So, you have the eye, and then you drop in the concepts. Does anyone here have a working cellphone that's on, with coverage, who can make a call right now without a lot of fussing? So
this work is nothing but like -- I am saying something. And your eyes and your brain are saying something back. This whole idea of sharing, the idea of constituting reality by overlapping what I say and
what you say -- think of a movie. On the 20th anniversary of Tiananmen they just, two days ago, announced that they were simply shutting down access to Twitter, because there was no way to filter it other
than that. He taught mechanics in a high school in Long Beach, and found that his students were no longer able to solve problems. He is photographed at his alibi location. We're an equal opportunity designer
of this sort of thing. So, three and a half years ago, a few of us sat around a kitchen table and we just invented the whole thing. I could see the little teddy bear sitting on the piano behind her in her
room. On the inside it's a recreation of a 16th century Japanese tea house. And a couple of years after that, they'll be able to see in ultraviolet, they'll be able to see in infrared, they'll be able to
focus their eyes, they'll be able to come into a microfocus. I thought I was famous enough that I would raise the money within one month, but I've been humbled. So it's taken me 232 days. That's their job.
Every cell has a mission in life, and these cells, the mission is to move blood around our body. And I just start out with a trace because I was thinking, "What really makes us?" -- you know, it's actually
[the] past, what makes a person. So I was thinking, but when you look at the past, the way to understand the past is only by the traces available, because we cannot go back [to] the past. And what he came
up with was this guy, the prototype for the Universal Anesthesia Machine -- a machine that would work and anesthetize his patients no matter the circumstances that his hospital had to offer. So they really
were working under tough conditions. It's really quite an honor to be here tonight, and I'm really glad that I stayed here and listened because I've really been inspired. Something is said in the gaps between
all the information that's collected. Come on. In the Western world, we have enough. this guy, Henry Whitehead, who was a local minister, who was not at all a man of science, but was incredibly socially
connected; So that's really cool -- you can take it to London or Siberia, and your next door neighbor can dial your home number and your phone will ring, because it's got everything in the box. He got traded
a couple of times, he ended up in the Minors for most of his career, and he actually ended up in management. He ended up as a General Manager of the Oakland A's. It's a story of public education and of
rural communities and of what design might do to improve both. The beautiful thing is that it moves bodily. I'm asking myself, "Why am I here?" Paul Stamets on 6 ways mushrooms can save the world because the
natural geography of the subcontinent framed by the mountains and the sea was hacked by the partition with Pakistan in 1947. You could get a Humphrey Bogart sandwich. So I think it's an important message
to take home today that even though we celebrate all of our differences, we are quite similar even at the brain level. That's actually an optimistic observation, because it suggests that if human beings
are the agents of cultural destruction, we can also be, and must be, the facilitators of cultural survival. Gerard Manley Hopkins, a saintly man. So the coordination response asks not, how are these people
as employees, but rather, what is their contribution like? Right? The number of people living in back-breaking, soul-crushing extreme poverty has declined from 43 percent of the world's population in 1990
to 33 percent by 2000 and then to 21 percent by 2010. See, I want you to think about just how specific this is. Second, diplomacy. This is an example of a page history on "flat earth," and you can see some
changes that were made. We have to ask ourselves these questions, however unpalatable. and lots of sun lotion. You see where it starts? September 2001, when we had something very real to be scared about. I
remember we cried profusely when the little goats we played with in the summer We all had to fast during Ramadan. And the oceans are hugely productive, as you can see by the satellite image of photosynthesis,
the production of new life. They've incurred violent infractions by becoming violent with guards and with other prisoners. And Playboy is always in the top few. They choose to leave their homes in order to
earn money, to learn new skills, and to see the world. Rajesh Rao is fascinated by "the mother of all crossword puzzles": How to decipher the 4000 year old Indus script. At TED 2011 he tells how he is enlisting
modern computational techniques to read the Indus language, the key piece to understanding this ancient civilization. And a guy named Stan Reznikov did this as a pilot. Without a splash, so they can see
the fish. Norway owns the mountain and the facility, but the depositors own the seed. Could you please show that? Now, put them on both cups. The result, by the way, is that the Chinese have a very different
view of the state. I'm going to echo his words: "I, for one, welcome our new computer overlords." It's not like your heart cells and your kidney cells get all mixed up every day, and that's because there's
all of this chemistry going on, these molecules that say who each of these groups of cells is, and what their tasks should be. You know, I've been using it for two and a half months. So if I had one closing
and modest suggestion, let's set a stable oil price in Europe and the United States. How do you do that? Well, let's put a tax on oil that is a non-revenue tax, and it basically says for the next 20 years,
the price of oil will be -- whatever you want, 35 bucks, 40 bucks. If the OPEC price falls below that, we tax it. If the OPEC price goes above that, the tax goes away. What civilization creates this society? We
should, but it made exactly this point. This worked well for most pathogens, somewhat well for crafty bugs like flu, but not at all for HIV, for which humans have no natural immunity. They started telling
the West, "Be aware of Al-Qaeda. And we use their technique. The ranges of stuff -- the red line is the mass extinction. So we start off the story with Ernest, who volunteers as a census taker. And any of
you, for free, can go to that website and take the entire panoply of tests of happiness. And so when you look at someone's face, you'd typically go from eye to eye to eye to nose to mouth. DP: Right, I can't
really talk right now. But half the time we would pick it up with an expectant look on our faces, there would be no dial tone. But in our land, in this land, in USA-land, there are certainly some sweet Lesters
out there, many of them in this room here today, but the vast majority of Lesters act for the Lesters, because the shifting coalitions that are comprising the .05 percent are not comprising it for the
public interest. I was launched as a cartoonist. Fifth Man: ... from my childhood, Fifth Man: we were having fun, biking. That somehow, if you use a computer, it's all mindless button-pushing, but if you
do it by hand, it's all intellectual. Our sewers are crumbling. Oddly, a lot of people showed up wanting to share the stream, and the folks who were there first got concerned enough to bring out their lawyers. I'm
going to get very scientific about this, and not use the pedal." What I'd like you to hear live is the 1955 version, and we'll play the first couple pieces of it. Without human rights, you don't have the
protection granted to you to campaign. And then there's another program, called Ovation, you can get from Adobe, that they just bought last summer. They are traced just by their known anatomical path And
they're known because somebody has decided to study them, which means that we're still learning about where they are. On top of that, those are the places from where trouble comes. Gregory Stock: To upgrade
is human Keeping balances is important. So what's the second thing that Coke's good at? So in the volume of the ocean, we will know, not just the physics and the chemistry, but the base of the food chain
will be transparent to us with data on a continuous basis. And first of all, you know, despite what the French intellectuals say, it seems that no one wakes up in the morning thinking, "May I suffer the
whole day?" This person is not doing anything violent, but they just won't do what we want them to. and it's going to be a bit of a varied talk. Artist Theo Jansen demonstrates the amazingly lifelike kinetic
sculptures he builds from plastic tubes and lemonade bottles. His creatures are designed to move -- and even survive -- on their own. What is it about animation, graphics, illustrations, that create meaning? And
I thought, thank God, because shame is this horrible topic, no one wants to talk about it. I remember once he told me a story about a joke that the students played on him. And that ability to get others
to want what you want, to get the outcomes you want without coercion or payment, is what I call soft power. In Nigeria, people carry their most precious belongings on their heads. And then when we zoomed
into this, it's like a veritable universe. He said, "It's absolutely possible." I said, "What would you do? What I've been doing at MoMA since the beginning is to try to harness the power of MoMA There aren't
very many more opportunities like this in the world. But we also live in a world with very real constraints and demands. I was an outsider who had come back to Iran to find my place, but I was not in a position
to be critical of the government or the ideology of the Islamic Revolution. What in the heck was I thinking? Instead, our EEG scans revealed very specific problems hidden within their brains that couldn't
possibly have been detected by their behavioral assessments. I'm going to do just a short version of it. She could teach our financial advisers a few things or two. Instead of anticipating, the child always
follows where the ball has been. 45 percent of the 14 million people who live in Delhi live in unauthorized slums, which are chronically overcrowded. I'm also making a decompiculture kit, a cocktail of capsules
that contain Infinity Mushroom spores that speed decomposition and toxin remediation. Now, this is wonderful, because the campaign promise of large telescopes is that is that the bigger the telescope, the
smaller the detail that we can see. But it turns out these telescopes, or any telescope on the ground has had a little bit of a challenge living up to this campaign promise. I think also the explosion of
the organic farming movement, and the renaissance of farmers' markets, are other illustrations of the fact that people are desperate to get away from eating and cooking and cultivating their food on an
industrial timetable. So I said, "I'll hold it for you." But after that, I decided to work on the spirit. So I decided to try and stage something that could make it as happy as possible for one morning. business,community,culture,global
issues,philanthropy,philosophy,technology And these two missions, as you can tell, thread together perfectly. One adds to the other; The proton is obviously made of a whole bunch of little particles. They
also understand that foreplay is not something you do five minutes before the real thing. And I've learned over time that those are always the soldiers. The universe continued to expand and cool. And it's
revving up to the very end, and then at the very end you've got to -- boom! -- You want to be able to get them to such an emotional high that they are ready to write you a check, throw money at you, right
there before you leave. This meant that governments were to remove themselves from the business of buying and selling -- which they did rather inefficiently -- and let the private market do its magic. And
it was really the beginning of my understanding the power of language, and how what we call people so often distances us from them, and makes them little. At my school -- actually I was part of co-founding
an organization, which is like a leadership thing, So she made a film about the welfare system and had a huge impact. So, for instance, we have a lava lamp application here. Now, you can see, I can use both
of my hands to kind of squeeze together and put the blobs together. I can inject heat into the system here, or I can pull it apart with two of my fingers. And these guys, here, they're the weak nuclear
force, probably the least familiar. often is just about giving, because you're supposed to, or because it's what you've always done, or it's about giving until it hurts. It will depend on inspired leadership. If
you go out for dinner, like in a fish restaurant, where you can select which fish you want to eat, you can select which insects you would like to eat. Russian nuclear launch key: Something universal is going
on. If we make that kind of simplicity in our technology and then give it to you guys, you can go off and do all kinds of fabulous things with it. There were countries that did not recognize pharmaceutical
product patents, such as India, and Indian pharmaceutical companies started to produce so-called generic versions, low-cost copies of antiretroviral medicines, and make them available in the developing
world, and within a year the price had come down from 10,000 dollars per patient per year to 350 dollars per patient per year, and today that same triple pill cocktail is available for 60 dollars per patient
per year, and of course that started to have an enormous effect on the number of people who could afford access to those medicines. It was a way of bringing small amounts of water directly to the stalk
of the plant. And this is a Titan class ship in the space game, EVE Online. And it's important to note that it's not just the stars who are benefiting: because you can see the best, everyone can learn. Over
again and again in the Psalms, which Gladstone said was the greatest book in the world, David describes the evils of the human race. of course: a 1.8 right answer out of five possible. That means that there
was a place for a professor of international health -- and for my course. So ideally what you want to do is a trial. It is impossible, even in the United States, for that cost, to be able to enable the connectivity
that we're all trying to reach. What will we and all future generations lose if much of the living environment is thus degraded? So the question was, I started looking at this issue, and going back and forth
between Bangladesh and New York. The world is much better equipped to overcome an increase in the price of oil today, than ever in the past, because of what I'm talking about. These were the low-tech approaches
to the high-tech conversations I was having. So what this means now is that those traits we then look at and so readily see -- facial features, skin color, hair structure -- are not determined by single
genes with big effects, but are determined by many different genetic variants that seem to vary in frequency between different parts of the world. All living white tigers in North America are the result
of selective inbreeding -- that would be mother to son, father to daughter, sister to brother -- to allow for the genetic conditions that create a salable white tiger. Narrator: Though they work in a wide-open
office space spectacularly set under San Francisco's Oakland Bay Bridge, the team built their own little cubicles to fully experience the problems. They're trying to achieve difference in their lives. We're
not top on people's lists for dinner party guests and conversations and so on. So this is the Gulf of Mexico, sparkling place full of fish. But what I always have to do is stop at one of the corners and
get a hot dog from the immigrant pushcart peddler. But you can actually bring it to Europe, too. experiments. You come into the lab, you see this computerized task. Frankly, I'm kvelling just to be here with
all the luminaries you have attending something like this, you know. I now think a network boss is anyone who has a cable modem. This monstrosity over here is the CPU, the chip, if you like. And as she carried
the knife, she walked toward me and she held the clitoris, and she cut it off. You use chemicals. You put them into water where they breed. So basically, what we're getting here is the sequel to "An Inconvenient
Truth," in about two minutes, 50 percent of the women accused me of playing a trick, of putting the same color nail polish in both those bottles. And that sometimes leads to bit of a divergence in why we're
doing what we're doing. And then these buttons on the corbels here. Right there -- those are hickory nuts. So I said to myself, I'm an engineer, I'm in R and D, this is just a plumbing problem. Then it goes
to a network operations center, where they get your data from your patient database that's been put in at some central location, say, in the United States. And the interesting thing is: if you do it for
love, the money comes anyway. Oh, these incursions, these two wars, the 10 years of sanctions, the eight years of occupation, the insurgency that's been unleashed on your people, the tens of thousands,
the hundreds of thousands of civilian deaths, all because of oil. But there's a unity of some sort that's starting to emerge. We didn't sequence his genome. when people around the world are looking at them,
are looking at their nation and picking up their cues for whether they are in a zero-sum or a non-zero-sum relationship with a nation -- Well actually, I was not silly. And it was his universe on punch cards. Those
of us who care about all this would act better if we knew what the real costs were. Hopefully it all will work, you know, it will work that way. And it's just extraordinary to watch, and we remember it ourselves. What
if we were able to use that same type of technology to beam a representation of our loved ones into our living rooms -- interacting in a very lifelike way based on all the content they created while they
were alive? But, you know, it's very easy to overlook the smaller characters -- oops -- for example, like Lem Sen, who introduced chop suey, Chef Peng, who introduced General Tso Chicken, and all the Japanese
bakers who introduced fortune cookies. If that don't flow off the tongue, what does? I don't remember, in my 20-year career of practicing and writing about architecture, a time when five people sat me down
at a table and asked me very serious questions about zoning, fire exiting, safety concerns and whether carpet burns. Finally, if you're lucky, you are treated in three or four hours after the incident,
but the heart muscle has died. This is a calf in captivity making an imitation of that trainer's whistle. And to show the place where meditators, like me, who began with being a molecular biologist in Pasteur
Institute, and found their way to the mountains. And I do argue that women lead the back-line discussion, but there are also men who are excluded from that discussion. Okay, the United States is Lesterland,
point number one. Fifty years ago, the journey to find answers took a different path and SETI, the Search for Extra-Terrestrial Intelligence, began. Now, were the Axis successful? But Murray Gell-Mann yesterday
talked about emergent properties; The agony as an act of passion." And I have concocted a questionnaire to see to what degree you express dopamine, serotonin, estrogen and testosterone. if you remember that
in that fictional world, robots started out carrying out mundane chores, and then they started taking on life-and-death decisions. And both of these are very, very flexible, which is why you find them in
the very high range. Other malls have been re-inhabited as nursing homes, as universities, and as all variety of office space. A Danish cartoonist told me he was one of the 24 who received the assignment
to draw the prophet -- Well I'll argue a non-intelligent brain, we got hold of an old brain, and we're going to say it's like a non-mammal, like a reptile, so I'll say, an alligator; we have an alligator. I
kept on doing this for a while. It’s not so much psychological, it’s vascular, and nicotine makes your arteries constrict. This is me with a camcorder on a phone going like this. That's what they're looking
at. When we do, we will find that patients don't just survive; we thrive. Or we go like that, and we imagine that's what blindness is about. I see evidence everywhere of how it works. Checking him out ... We
drove to the Goodwill and we threw the sweater away somewhat ceremoniously, my idea being that I would never have to think about the sweater nor see it ever again. He was a philosopher; he was a drum player;
he was a teacher par excellence. These tools that we built enable this sharing in parts through licenses that make it clear and a freedom to create without requiring permission first because the permission
has already been granted and a respect for the creator because it builds upon a copyright the creator has licensed freely. You can put so much information into that mind, it's in full [receiving] mode. This
was a life as a craftsman. When the sunlight comes through the window you see these little fibers. She had the biggest increase in oxytocin. All right, so the best way to do this stuff is to look at our betters,
look at people who have done this before. It's a problem that manifests itself in diabetes, obesity, many forms of heart disease, even some forms of cancer -- when you think of smoking. There's a wave about
to crash onto him. And we're always saying to our clients: "You should look at this stuff. This world that you're going to be talking about tomorrow is going to be completely integrated. You're not going
to be a pilot, you're going to be a passenger. He showed him, "You know, we don't have to do this wrong. What does a disgusting image have to do with how you vote? Equipped with surveys and experiments,
psychologist David Pizarro demonstrates a correlation between sensitivity to disgusting cues -- a photo of feces, an unpleasant odor -- and moral and political conservatism. &lt;em&gt;&lt;/em&gt; Because
together, by working together, I seriously think we can start to change things. This is the great frontier. Every part of your body is vibrating at different frequencies. So he stayed up the whole night,
writing away, trying to explain his ideas. "Spanish chef accused ... " -- and the French accused him. The audience is led to make assumptions or elaborations that are perfectly reasonable, but do not, in
fact, match what is being done in front of them. And the second is about some new dimension which I want to refer to, which has never quite happened in the way it's happening now. And then with a lot of
effort, after tagging, putting in the computer, making sure the stalk is sticking out so it senses the environment, we send this fish back into the sea. Now it's all available online. Those numbers were
absolutely mind-boggling, overwhelming, and we were constantly asked, "When will you start? How many schools will you start? And this technology is also accelerating. It's a question of what the citizens
do. I mean, they are not -- they ain't competing for the birthplace of hip hop title or anything like that. And this kind of relationship between designer and scientist started when I was at school. It's
a gift handed down from the intelligent skills and rich emotional lives of our most ancient ancestors. I have a lot of it, and that's a good thing I suppose. All these discussions and decisions you thought
you had to make at this one time at 9 a.m. on Monday, just forget about them, and things will be just fine. So that's, as I said, the little diversion on my main love. But you have a kind of a set point
there, which would be in the middle. And I said, that I got to write it. And now we have 70 percent -- since 20 years, it's the highest rate of separation of garbage in the world. I can tell you that in three
words. And in fact, if this is what coding is like, it will only be a narrow sub-community of people with special mathematical skills and technological background that can code. And in the name of connectedness,
the only thing she wanted before she died was to be brought home by her beloved Gulf of Mexico. And the leader that came to mind was Nelson Mandela. And they raise enough money to build this hospital --
the first hospital of its kind for 200,000 people. And in fact, I know, I'm very confident that they do the job because they come from a line of hundreds of thousands of programs that did the job. With deworming,
you can get an extra year of education for three dollars. The women in my family are not exceptions. Diarrheal disease organisms get transmitted in basically three ways. In fact, South Africa has not gone
down that road. Largely because people like Desmond Tutu set up a Stage Five process to involve the thousands and perhaps millions of tribes in the country, to bring everyone together. This is why I'm launching
a new initiative. My students produced these info-graphics as a result of a unit that we decided to do at the end of the year responding to the oil spill. In the summer of 1963, 250,000 people showed up
on the mall in Washington to hear Dr. King speak. My father was a city worker all of his life, all things considered. I said, I'm going to collaborate with anybody and everybody I meet. All his colleagues
said, "This is outrageous. Age demographics: the 18 to 49 demo has had a huge impact on all mass media programming in this country since the 1960s, when the baby boomers were still young. Right? Rendering,
because you have to get your consumers -- as business people -- to percieve your offerings as authentic. Sarah-Jayne Blakemore: The mysterious workings of the adolescent brain But this is not the first time
that we've had a technological revolution. Not one spot of dirt. The Airs were brand new. if a buyer wants to buy something produced a certain way, that's what brings them to the table. So people scrambled,
took their things and ready to go, move out. I actually root for the Yankees, I mean talk about rooting for the worst possible offender when it comes to doing everything you can do. OK. Coke Japan comes
out with a new product every three weeks, It was really a death trap. I mean, it was incredible, it worked incredibly well, but it was really dangerous. Instead of doing that actually, we've developed some
fish sticks that you can feed the fish. in fact, a developing parasitoid that after a few minutes you see halfway out. I've shown you just a few things in italics here. It's called geomedicine. There are
about a half a dozen programs in the world right now that are focused on this. And so we need to do more, we need to do it differently, we need to do it in ways that are affordable and accessible and can
be taken to scale, which means it can be done everywhere. with brain plasticity. The brain was thought to be more or less fixed. So video [gaming] is pervasive throughout our society. And when Tony said that
to me, I thought to myself, "Am I sitting like a journalist? So, I was the one who should have kept the book, but it was a really wonderful moment. CO: These are three problems with a common solution. And
he told me, after a long silence, "I wonder, Mathieu, if people won't be more fascinated by your benches than by my videos." In a Wimbledon final match, these two guys fight it out. And they provide intelligent
pathways for teachers to grow in their careers. In fact, if you watch ants at all, you end up trying to help them because they never seem to be doing anything exactly the way that you think that they ought
to be doing it. And we're only eight doublings away from it meeting 100 percent of our energy needs. If you look at Andromeda, which is the nearest big galaxy, and it's two million years ago. but we weren't
really sure. To us, when we look at a Redwood tree, it seems to be motionless and still, and yet Redwoods are constantly in motion, moving upward into space, articulating themselves and filling Redwood
space over Redwood time, over thousands of years. And a similar analysis, I think, can apply to the potential awkwardness of a sexual solicitation, and other cases where plausible deniability is an asset. That's
the end. We began to find limb bones; we found finger bones, the bones of the pelvis, vertebrae, ribs, the collar bones, things that had never, ever been seen before in Homo erectus. It was the idea of isolating
the tactile component of sculpture, and then putting it into a communication system. And now the end: It's a godly way of working. So Ph.D. this, and degree there, and the yadda yadda. So creating Craigslist
or iTunes and the iPhone developer network, there are all these networks -- Facebook as well. But as we enter the era of big data, of network systems, of open platforms, and embedded technology, I'd like
to suggest it's time to reevaluate an alternative vision that was actually developed around the same time. And it's always drifting. The pack ice is always drifting. The world is, in fact, getting more global. I
had to use it, channel its energy, turn it into something that would clarify my vision, instead of clouding it. So adolescence is defined as the period of life that starts with the biological, hormonal,
physical changes of puberty and ends at the age at which an individual attains a stable, independent role in society. They don't always even know why they're doing it. Now I'm in charge of all the cooking
classes and all the gardening classes in our school district. We have very difficult conversations nowadays -- probably not out in the open as much as within medicine -- about the question of when somebody's
dead. to organize its body and its systems -- an adaptation to prevailing circumstances that facilitates its future survival. Ines is a a transgender hooker on the streets of Jakarta; that really some play
of the skyline of Hong Kong, or perhaps the chandelier in the opera house, or in the theater here, which is a decoration, the icing on the cake, something playful, something that is just an addition to
the architectural environment, I would say. The meaning of her name is pig. And the consequences of this problem make themselves felt in bookshops. And that includes nature, and nurture, and what I refer
to as nightmares. And of course it's not just religious people who believe in the Golden Rule. Whether the same thing is true in ADHD in humans we don't know, but these kinds of results should at least cause
us to consider that possibility. Jim Collins, the author of "Good To Great," told me that successful human organizations of any kind have two things in common: they preserve the core, they stimulate progress. Anthony
Atala: Printing a human kidney The G8 Summit proposes that the solution to Africa's problems should be a massive increase in aid, something akin to the Marshall Plan. It's achievable. We should do it economically,
we should do it morally, and we should do it for quality of life. So you may be asking, well why is it important that I know what entertains people? I could speak to you and say, "Laytay-chai, paisey, paisey."
Go on, something should happen now. And, of course, happy faces. There were incredibly difficult moments in the building of this thing. And this is amongst the highest worldwide. What I'm trying to say is
the major contribution on carbon emissions are from the cars -- But the secular-minded people can be influenced by that. But I wanted to say that interaction, re-scripting that interaction, into collective
action, collective remediative action, very different from the approach that's being used on the other side on the Hudson River, where we're dredging the PCBs -- after 30 years of legislative and legal
struggle, GE's paying for the dredging of the largest Superfund site in the world -- we're dredging it, and it'll probably get shipped off to Pennsylvania or the nearest Third World country, where it will
continue to be toxic sludge. So these ants don't have any central coordinator. And I used to think, how on Earth are those kids ever going to learn to write computer programs? This is the largest metropolitan-area
disaster in decades, And so, it was really those lessons that made me decide to build Acumen Fund about six years ago. So the stories, they have a lot of possibilities. Now I'm not saying we don't have our
set of problems -- climate crisis, species extinction, water and energy shortage -- we surely do. Now, Jim's brain is memorizing the almanac. Dean Koontz built this fabulous home theater, which is -- I don't
think accidentally -- in Art Deco style. But in fact, what we were seeing here was interesting. In a couple of minutes, I'll tell you about some of those results. The first case comes from the Bay of Fundy. My
father was a hardworking baker, but when he had finished work in the bakery, he often told me and my brother stories. And we will think about that when we look at the wider picture of the world in 1858. You
know the uni is the most challenging, so number ten is challenging. But if you're not a native speaker, you have to pass a test. And going to school, that's not a goal, it's a mean. You know, most actors
want to do characters that are likeable -- well, not always, but the notion, especially at a conference like this, I like to inspire people. So in order to fake the ability to sell uncopyable bits, the
DMCA also made it legal to force you to use systems that broke the copying function of your devices. It's like taking somebody out of a burning building, treating them for smoke inhalation and sending them
back into the building, because the oil is still gushing. We use this phrase "workarounds" a lot, sort of, looking around us. I was actually looking around the TED and just watching all of these kind of
things happen while I've been here. Can we do it in another way? Of course we can. Let's go back to the first conductor we've seen: Carlos Kleiber, his name. Next video, please. Oh, not so lucky. if you grind
down Paris to that kind of accuracy, you would be left with bumps that are one millimeter high. But I countered, "Well men's brains make this too. But then what I realized when I went to college is that
technology doesn't just get adopted because it works. And here's what we found. But instead of a bellows, I had a leaf blower. So, Mr. Gore, thank you. No, this theory comes from an expert on barnacles and
worms and pigeon breeding, So, what excites me about cymatics? It's funny to me that it took a while to authenticate it, because I can see it compared to this thing, and I can tell you -- it's real, it's
the real thing, BL: The white material is a type of bacteria that thrives at 180 degrees C. PowerPoint has this built into every copy of PowerPoint that's shipped. Dell came out with MP3 players and PDAs, There
isn't a single licensed architect in the whole county. We need adaptability, the ability to learn how to be creative and innovative. And it's not only our memory, but those who remember us, which means that
architecture is not mute. But universally, these people that had been through this had astounding attitudes, and just the fact that people care makes a huge difference to them. so I spent some time with
the smells and items. You know, there's your week. And I know, in the light of human suffering and poverty and even climate change, one would wonder, why worry about a few cats? Well, in the context of diving,
you get too much, you die also. They may well be by a TED speaker, and so we can get the conversation going during the year and come back next year having had the same intellectual, emotional journey. Starvation
was being used as a weapon of mass destruction -- primitive but extremely effective. Now if he had repeated the question in its entirety, or if he had peppered his account with a little too much detail
-- and we're all really glad he didn't do that -- he would have further discredited himself. So the red levels are where a gene is turned on to a great degree. You've believed it through generations. I mean,
if you can talk it, a mockingbird can squawk it. And what we say about kids who have fears like that is that they have a vivid imagination. But what a shame that it's not organized to help authors create
movements. It's necessary and, just as important, This is a sweet pepper which is not consumable because it is suffering from a viral disease transmitted by those thrip adults. D: Michael, what's your take
on the people story? Are you interested? And I said, I'll go in from the biological side. I took more than my body had to offer. Even now, our choices are having unintended effects. Her husband is also a science
teacher, and he takes his biology class on a hike in the nearby national park. If we don't give that gift to each and every one of our kids, if we don't invest at the earliest age, we're going to be running
into difficulties. And then pushing the glass in with its own friction. Now that we know what the problems are around the world, human brains like yours are rising to solve those problems. Or if you light
it from above, it becomes more solid. Well, something like Technorati is supplying that. We've had HBO here this morning. I'm wondering if Mark Burnett is anywhere in the audience, I'd like to suggest a
reality TV show called "Pre-vivor." It was a very comfortable game in Mexico City. Have a look. You hear about it on your television sets. I think this means "divine power of the ocean" in a Polynesian language. And
so they flew missions day and night, and they dropped thousands of bombs, and they fired thousands of missiles in an attempt to get rid of this particular scourge. with his wife. He would go to antique
shops, and the game was as such: When we look at an antique we want, we'll ask the shopkeeper for the story behind the antique, and if it's a good story, we'll buy it. this is the most expensive bed. In
the next great epoch of life, which applies for most of life, the brain is actually refining its machinery as it masters a wide repertoire of skills and abilities. In our early days we used to work a lot
on rockets, but we also used to have a lot of parties, you know. So I'm going to just let it run, so you kind of absorb this sort of thing, and I'll describe my sort of reactions when I was looking at it
for the very first time. He liked to sit on her lap because he said that it was painful for him to lie in his own bed. In this case, they were using a real stunt man. It was a very dangerous stunt. Titanium
lacquer on this. Over tens of thousands of generations, such skills increased the status of those who displayed them and gained a reproductive advantage over the less capable. And pretty early on, those
storms started making their presence known. And so, this is your instrument, OK. Oh yeah. So, clever thing. We're all breathing air right now. Air is a mixture of oxygen and nitrogen, about 20 percent oxygen.
About 80 percent nitrogen is in our lungs. Now as you ponder that question, maybe you're thinking about the first day of preschool or kindergarten, the first time that kids are in a classroom with a teacher. Local
governments need to set up effective systems for reviewing the ethical issues around the clinical trials which are authorized in different developing countries, and they need to do this by setting up ethical
review committees that are independent of the government and research sponsors. We just don't know how to show this." So in a way, we had taken a pre-existing need and shown solutions. There has been a lot
of competition in the past, But what's even worse is the thing that managers do most of all, And meetings are just toxic, terrible, poisonous things during the day at work. But we want to tell the world
that, no, under the one flag, we'll still remain as Yemeni people. But it's not a cri de coeur about man's hubris in the face of the elements. It's just a sick, silly joke. Wittgenstein replied, "Well, what
would it have looked like if it had looked as though the Earth was rotating?" We know so much about global warming and climate change, and yet, we have no concept of what I've been calling internal environmentalism. You
know, in these places in other cultures, people just go there voluntarily because they like them. We don't have to have a craft fair here to get people to come here. You know, you don't have to have a
Kwanzaa festival. People just go because it's pleasurable to be there. How about -- pick one Thursday once a month and cut that day in half and just say the afternoon -- I'll make it really easy for you. And
of course, into the vacuum where the too-old European powers used to be were played the two bloody catastrophes of the last century -- the one in the first part and the one in the second part: the two
great World Wars. That's a picture I took of my Bronx Borough President, addressing my kids in his house, not the jailhouse, making them feel a part of it. So my colleague, Dr. Greg Dumanian, did the surgery.
First, we cut away the nerve to his own muscle, then we took the arm nerves and just kind of had them shift down onto his chest and closed him up. If you think nursery, kindergarten, first years of school
are just dedicated to take away the children, to make them used to staying long hours away from their family. All around the world climates are mixed up. And it's the poor people who are affected worse. And,
I mean, it's really -- let me take this off so you can see it. So here's the sort of equation we're looking at. If I asked you to clap -- maybe I can do this. It isn't this kind of vague promise that it's
going to work no matter what, but you get the statistics for how effective it is. Health I give two points. I mean it's nice to be healthy -- at my age especially -- you can stand here, you're healthy. But
that is another story. And there are a lot of similarities between the Internet and the electric industry. This is a therapy that takes time to work. One of the first projects we ever did was the harbor bath
in Copenhagen, sort of continuing the public realm into the water. It's the framework onto which the other parts are bolted. The height of these mountains on either side of this valley is greater than the
Alps in most cases. When I took over this, I tried to really figure out, like, what my vision would be. How do we really change children's relationship to food? Why would daddy bring Elder Revels? And then
he would not come. And it's ironic, because we're standing today in the Central Bank. There was a time when Stone Age men and women used to sit and look up at the sky and say, "What are those twinkling lights?" And
UNICEF, God bless them, they said, "Okay, we'll have a go." And I found a woman that had -- we found her, she was odd because she had data after she died. As a body architect, I've created this limitless
and boundless platform for me to discover whatever I want. The good thing is that we are not powerless. It will change the way we interact with people, also, not only the physical world. So when I was little,
my dad would sit me down at night and he would say, "I'm going to teach you about time and space in the future." But he was desperate to show that he'd just come back, so he summoned me up, and he said,
"Go into the bedroom, my bedroom. So that we could truly build an ecosystem with not just authors, but all the people who could be or want to be authors in all the different languages of the world, and
I think if you could do this, it would be called, well, I'm just going to refer to it as a knowledge ecosystem. Sex and death, how close they can seem. These are not glasses, these are empty frames. The air
handling system inside it -- I got rid of air-conditioning because I thought there was too much consumption going on there. But everybody says they're reliable. What I do is I write books about the cultural
history of physics. There you go. That's connection. And I asked them to write the headline for the story of Othello. Then you can of course always go and see this guy. So, if you have a ham butt problem,
and you're thinking about the ham butt problem, the conclusion that it leads you to is inexorable and counterintuitive: paper is the enemy of words. So I will try speed it up a little WL: Well, you know,
there's abundant epidemiological evidence. And they say, "So how can I be a sociologist? And I don't have time to go into the information save to say that there are very bright students, in the best universities,
studying emotions in animals, studying personalities in animals. Timothy Prestero: Design for people, not awards We wake up in the morning and we open the closet and we feel that we decide what to wear. I
noticed that the house was occupied. Now if we look at the economic imperative here, this isn't just about compassion. You can have a poster for a family event in front of the house, or a rave underneath
the house or a weekly program, as well as educational services. And the innovation is moving very rapidly. You won't find water in this slide. But we're going to start with what we call Stage One. It turns
out there's an enormous amount of information already available on that subject, which is the Mars rover problem. As recently at last decade, most of the media that was available for public consumption
was produced by professionals. were around for thousands of centuries, until around 1.4 million years ago single, thin stone blades, but often in what are to our eyes an arresting, symmetrical pointed leaf
These Acheulian hand axes -- they're named after St. Acheul in France, where finds were made in 19th century -- have been unearthed in their thousands, scattered across Asia, Europe and Africa, almost
everywhere Homo erectus and Homo ergaster roamed. Now the really hot pink and red areas are those parts of the world that receive the highest amounts of UV during the year. I'm with my Swedish assistant
and guide. There's a Jewish saying that I love. As that becomes possible this is going to move from something that is used by those who have infertility problems and are already doing in vitro fertilization,
to the wealthy who want to protect their children, to just about everybody else. And so there's no way that this is going to work." He's a colleague. He allowed his cell phone to be tracked every two hours,
24/7, 365 days out of the year for the last two years, everywhere he went. In the last 100 years alone, our country -- and this is a sprawl map of America -- our country has systematically flattened and
homogenized the landscape to the point where we've forgotten our relationship with the plants and animals that live alongside us and the dirt beneath our feet. But we have padding, and fantastic shock-absorbing
things like Sorbothane -- We've got a new one this year, but we'll work on that next season. "Know thyself," that is the journey of self-expression and self-realization that we are traveling. I thought I'd
start with telling you or showing you the people who started [Jet Propulsion Lab]. When I was eight, I wanted to be a marine biologist. Now when we were out tagging our sharks, this is how we tagged them
on the front of a RIB -- get in there fast -- occasionally the sharks do react. Big idea, but I think highly defensible. We hunted them down wherever they were. There was an underground railroad of sorts
that was going on during those years. Maybe some of you remember it. Instead, they've become, sadly, that rely so heavily on market research and polling and focus groups that they end up all saying the
same thing, pretty much regurgitating back to us what we already want to hear at the expense of putting forward bold and creative ideas. Now look at what happens at the very end of this. Easy to treat. Look
at the situation in Mauritius. So the model we've proposed to explain this is that when modern humans came out of Africa sometime after 100,000 years ago, they met Neanderthals. Presumably, they did so
first in the Middle East, where there were Neanderthals living. And the Global Fund provides antiretroviral drugs that stop mothers from passing HIV to their kids. He needn't go anywhere. He could have been
in bed the whole time, but it's as if his health is a point in state space that you conceptualize as moving. And it's the same thing in looking at these questions of how things happen. Now it wasn't a miracle
cure for the headaches or the cognitive symptoms. Audience: Bathroom soap. SB: Pardon? Occasionally they will go across a border, from Iraq to Syria, from Mali to Algeria, from Somalia to Kenya, but they're
not fighting a global jihad against some far enemy. CA: But you didn't have him design the engine? And it has helped countries to set meaningful targets in terms of measurable goals achieved by the world's
leaders. And this is the good news from Africa that we have to shout from the rooftops. Certainly, 10,000 years ago, the civilization's beginning, the human portion was less than one tenth of one percent.
Let's look at it now. Moving on, there's more than just natural history beneath the sea -- human history. Our discoveries of the Titanic. As we are going out there and taking on a new frontier, we should
be allowed to risk. Now when we looked at the easy origami, we saw the same thing: Builders loved it more, evaluators loved it less. Does your brain have to send little painters in there? And thank you chemical
processing industry that gave us time to read books." Thank you very much. This is a need for power, and they're willing to go through this massive transformation, on this scale, to get that power. I almost
never show them off because of the issue of the idea of failure. Well, a human, one of your legs works like two legs of a trotting dog, or works like three legs, together as one, of a trotting insect, or
four legs as one of a trotting crab. And these seeds will be able to germinate, we believe, with many of the species, in thousands of years, and certainly in hundreds of years. We taught her vocational and
business skills. We helped her get a job. Now look at what’s happened in the last 10 years. I don't have the right answer. I don't even have it for myself. There's not a country in the world that now is not
asking whether we can afford what doctors do. This may be surprising, because we can, of course, look at these people and quite easily say where they or their ancestors came from. I'm not saying don't get
kids to want to be lawyers. And we would call this the unifying theory of two plus two. And they showed me a manual which actually was an excellent manual. "Will you help be their dad?" At that moment, they
fired and shot off my fingers. From Siberia to the Atacama Desert in Chile, to see something called The Very Large Telescope. This seemed practical now, because a lot of new technologies had come in the
25 years since I had last looked at it. And lakes with fish have more mosquitoes, even though they eat them. Does it look normal? Does it look abnormal? They said, "Well I guess there aren't that many mathematicians
sitting around looking at sea slugs." So, basically the gas dissolves into our body. The whites could farm, graze and hunt as they wished, but we black, we were not regarded as responsible to use wildlife. So
what I want to propose to you today are four simple techniques -- techniques that we have tested in one way or another in different research venues -- that you can easily apply in your businesses. Be it
corn shellers -- you've got ploughs; you've got fan mills; all these things -- and these are not, again, antiques. These are -- you can order these. You can go to the web and you can buy them now, brand-new
made. So in a certain sense, technologies don't die. Does anybody know how old the oldest tortoise is -- As you travel now all over the world, which you do frequently, how do you assess this global narrative
around the story of women and girls? That's something on the order of 1.45 billion U.S. dollars on translation costs alone. I felt the responsibility to phone our correspondents there and to phone our newsroom
and to tell them, "Make your best not to switch off the cameras at night, because the guys there really feel confident when someone is reporting their story -- and they feel protected as well." Unlike Gertrude
Stein's roses, it's not the case that a transistor is a transistor. At least they patented something which, you know, could do useful things. And I think this gives you a good idea of why parents think car
seats are so great. Look at the kid in the car seat. They are acting in the sense that they're emulating the original mashup. And another piece for the art directors' club is "Anna Rees" casting long shadows. I
went to his home town. It's 1876, it's in Boston, and this is Alexander Graham Bell who was working with Thomas Watson on the invention of the telephone. We induce cells, okay, say, skin cells, by adding
a few genes to them, culturing them, and then harvesting them. OK, that's fair enough. Rice University professor Richard Baraniuk explains the vision behind Connexions, his open-source, online education
system. It cuts out the textbook, allowing teachers to share and modify course materials freely, anywhere in the world. The work of innovation is becoming more open, more inclusive, more transparent, and
more merit-based, and that's going to continue no matter what MIT and Harvard think of it, and I couldn't be happier about that development. So replacing the bacteria DNA with virus DNA turns the bacteria
into a factory for making viruses -- that is, until it's so filled with viruses that it bursts. But from about the age of five, I was aware that I didn't fit. And in the second flight, three minutes of fully-controlled,
aerodynamic flight at Mach 20. That's why you get, you know, you get seashells up on Mount Everest. She said, "If you were happy, son, you wouldn’t have to say it." And I'm basically honest. You know, we've
built up reserves. Why is that important? Everything that is allowed, every configuration that is allowed to be obtained by the molecules in this room, would eventually be obtained. This is the kind of accuracy
that I wanted, and I replicated every last bone and put it in. When I said it got out of control, I was the prison superintendent. Now Kendall on the other hand -- and like I said, he's only 15 months older
than her -- he'd come to me crying, it's like as soon as I would hear him cry, a clock would go off. Notice also that on all of these graphs, the slope is steeper on in-group, authority, purity. Consider,
the single most successful international environmental effort of the 20th century, the Montreal Protocol, in which the nations of Earth banded together to protect the planet from the harmful effects of
ozone-destroying chemicals used at that time in air conditioners, refrigerators and other cooling devices. Whereas this conversation that is going on in this blog is about positive movements, about how
to change our world in a better way, quickly. So on the left-hand side, [1,1] input equals 0 output, which goes down. If you have this deleterious mutation in this gene, you're 90 percent likely to get cancer
in your life. So after seeing these shocking statistics, I thought to myself, "Okay, even if I'm not just doing it for myself and the fact that I don't want to bathe, I at least need to do it to try to
save the world." This is actually one of the rangers. Then they stop growing. And when the experts in the U.N. have got these surveys in place in their database, then they use advanced mathematical formulas
to produce a trend line, and the trend line looks like this. OK, so most of you are going to have a similar reaction to this. It's like trying to run into a brick wall. Here's Our Lady of Guadalupe and Our
Lady of Watsonville, just down the street, And it was [unclear] Tata Trust, which gave me six rupees per month, almost a dollar per month for six years. And when the capsule of my balloon was introduced
officially in the Air and Space Museum in Washington, together with the airplane of Charles Lindbergh, with Apollo 11, with the Wright Brothers' Flyer, with Chuck Yeager's 61, I had really a thought then. This
is the idea that we can study the sort of pinging of these viruses into human populations, the movement of these agents over into humans; and by capturing this moment, we might be able to move to a situation
where we can catch them early. "What's the matter? The pearls of wisdom leaping from my lips like lemmings is no good for you?" Now I have a close friend, Joel Pett, who's the editorial cartoonist for the
Lexington Herald-Leader. It was a very nice experience, Which way will these fall? We couldn't afford a satellite phone, so we had HF radio. That's the subconscious mind that sort of notices it -- it probably
is kind of pleasant and you didn't know why. It comes from a company in Japan called GelTech. Now go ahead and open it up. It was deep at night. The second shock hurts just as much, and the third and the
fourth and the fifth. And third, can China do without killer app number three? But if another language can think that thought, then, by cooperating, we can achieve and learn so much more. You cannot compete
with the environment, if you have an adolescent dog's brain. Now I had hoped to team up with some of these larger companies in order to defend against this lawsuit, but one-by-one they settled out of the
case, even though -- and this is important -- none of these companies infringed on this patent -- not a one of them. And one of my biggest failures as a marketer in the last few years, a record label I
started that had a CD called "Sauce." He prepared programs anticipating this would happen. And as I walked towards the picture, I was expecting detail that wasn't there. And then I left gaps so you could
see the one that was done before. The question is how do we change those borders, and what lines do we focus on? But when Sarah Jones asked me to please come to TED, I said, well, you know, first, I don't
know that, you know -- before two years ago, you would not find me in front of an audience of people, because I did not like to give speeches because I feel that, as an immigrant, I do not have good English
skills for speaking. Well, there's a bunch of things you could do. So, what to do? My world is the world of people like Amory Lovins, Janine Benyus, James Watson. They make it very clear to you, the Saudis
do, they have to have 94 dollars a barrel to make their social commitments. There are a bit harder issues. The first one is mass. So we're going to go out and swing around and look back at this. The first
building I built was 20 years ago. Devdutt Pattanaik takes an eye-opening look at the myths of India and of the West -- and shows how these two fundamentally different sets of beliefs about God, death and
heaven help us consistently misunderstand one another. And you're on one side or the other. And then another which emphasizes the authenticity of human experience -- and honesty, and rawness. And then I put
the really tough question: "How many of you hand-wash your jeans and your bed sheets?" There are a lot of new things that are happening to do that, but fundamentally the process requires a tremendous amount
of energy. If I were to touch the horse here on his skin, the heart puppeteer can shake the body from inside and get the skin to quiver. And for the first time, Africa mattered more to me than ever before. And
we've seen this in cellphones. The environments we are living in, more typically, are like these. So what happened? So during the 10 years that we've been doing this work, we actually surprised ourselves. animals,biology,children,film,plastic,science,sex Our
arteries can clog. Our brains can gunk up with plaque, and we can get Alzheimer's. Wangari Maathai goes to a village in Kenya. In fact, maybe this experiment was the reason that Silicon Valley got off to
its great start with innovation. It is the network; and in my case, the network has been important in media, because I get to connect to people. And every year we ask them to start a company or a product
or a service that can affect positively the lives of a billion people within a decade. And it was a beautiful urban day, and the incredible thing about it was that the city was working. So, understand what
-- your past limits what you can do in the future. There's going to be a satellite telescope launched later this year Now, I have to do this, the rest of the thing, like this. And when you take a photograph
with a camera, the process ends when you press the trigger. So, I was about nine, and my uncle had just come back from Germany, and we had the Catholic priest over, my mother was entertaining him with tea.
And my uncle suddenly says, "Where are Chris' presents?" I'm trying to remember the words -- "monism," "dualism," categories all over the place. I'm responsible for what I say about memes. at the highest
possible levels. So what we built of course, Ushahidi, is crowdsourcing this information. He has learned how to speak English. You know that you're infected because it actually shows up. Just quickly on the
results. who told me, if you can find the money you need for this network, 200 million dollars, and if you can find a car company that will build that car in mass volume, in two million cars -- that's what
we needed in Israel -- Today she's 41 years old, a mother of three, and she's a physician saving other lives. And actually, about a year or so ago, there was this promulgation of the idea of Google Flu Trends,
with respect to the flu, where by looking at people's searching behavior today, we could know where the flu -- what the status of the epidemic was today, what's the prevalence of the epidemic today. When
we started this, I set up the simulation one evening. So, we're just at the edge of this digital revolution in fabrication, where the output of computation programs the physical world. You know, cocaine's
a great product -- powdered cocaine -- but you've got to know rich white people. There were people on the research and ethics committee who really didn't want to see John Pepper succeed again, because he's
so successful. In Europe where taxes are in place, that's the equivalent to a minus 60 dollar barrel. And that's a true "sí se puede" moment. And those have been linked then with the rather alarming, growing
rates of obesity, shown in these maps here, and that obesity has also been triggering great increases in heart disease and diabetes to the point where a child born today has a one-in-three chance of developing
diabetes. There is a hash tag there that you can use, #CBDQ. But we don't just have pies in the boxes. The army will shoot you, and Hamas will kidnap you." And I think it doesn't really matter that my work
is considered humorous, in a way; I think it's a way in for me to deal with the importance of imagery and how we read all our information through imagery. But what a lot of people don't know is that viruses
can also make bacteria sick." So those laws are going to kind of spread throughout all media. They're a lot like embryonic stem cells except without the controversy. Now, why did the World Bank not let me
do this work? When I first saw those African fractals, I thought, "Wow, so any indigenous group that doesn't have a state society, that sort of hierarchy, must have a kind of bottom-up architecture." But
that turns out not to be true. Why do I do this? I'm going to make it right now in case I forget. Soon, a story develops. Photosynthesis is modulated by oxygen, and we have an oxygen-insensitive hydrogenase
that we think will totally change this process. And what these women understood is sometimes the most important things that we do and that we spend our time on are those things that we cannot measure. The
scan of today takes up about 800 books, or 20 gigabytes. It also means that if an artist wants to invade something like a swimming pool, they can begin to do their exhibition in a swimming pool, I'd like
to take you to another world. It is saving the tigers. The biggest sector, by far, will be health -- already 18 percent of the American economy, predicted to grow to 30, even 40 percent by mid-century. Sure,
it is involved in positive emotions like love and compassion, but it's also involved in tons of other processes, So based on the same logic, I could equally conclude you hate your iPhone. This is what happens
when we confuse morality with frugality. Sorry, what? "A nu-ca-ler." It represents the wisest option among many alternatives." PR: Yeah, so let me restate that. BL: OK, so we're going to emotionally navigate.
If we were playing the game, that's what we'd do. I believe that when you push people away from that, you're pushing them more towards failure. from bigger and tastier species to smaller and not-so-tasty
species, from species that were near to home to species that were all around the world, Some people think this number's a little bit large, but copyright mathematicians who are media lobby experts are merely
surprised that it doesn't get compounded for inflation every year. And as he was diving, someone had stamped on his knee, and it had broken like this. It's quite amazing how these things can make you smile,
can make you laugh, can make you cry sometimes. And it's got a fish. When I first told it to my friends in mathematics they said, "Don't be silly. It's just something [silly]." So we do quite a lot of work
at IDEO trying to convince our clients of this. But you're the first one who's ever come back and told us what you did. So, this area is about eight times the size in higher -- especially in humans -- as
in lower primates. BG: On the day you are in a place where there is no coverage, the FBI gets crazy? And that makes failure seem much more crushing. This of course, is not as bad as this poor person. Now about
half the audience has their left hand up. Why is that? That is what it is to have a domain of expertise. Announcer Two: Famine in Somalia. Announcer Three: Police pepper spray. We then gave them the choice
between number three and number four. Because his grave was exhumed. And then they went to see if these trials had been published in the peer-reviewed academic literature. And this is what they found. Within
a few weeks, I was performing, The high-fear group, they laid it on really thick. Creativity is essential to all of us, whether we're scientists or teachers, parents or entrepreneurs. That's the good news. So,
if some of you are still feeling a bit too certain, I'd like to do this one. It would also be able to be an open code, so people could interact with it. And by the way, mass-production -- it is not genetic
manipulation. In the U.S., in the Philippines, in Kenya, around the world, citizens have self-organized political protests and get out the vote campaigns using mobile devices and SMS. And it's almost impossible
to perform. But also, the book was launched in time for me to be accused of constructing the blueprint for a foiled coup attempt. Who would go for bananas? And the Egyptian who was tending the beer fell asleep
in the hot, Egyptian sun, and it turned into bread. Now, let me give you an example of how it works. You stand with your bike at the beginning of February. Other examples are recycling. I don't know if you
remember a Mac that was 16 Megahertz, that's slow speed. Our health care systems are broken. because this represents trillions-fold increase since the 1890 census. I had spent a year photographing this new
generation of girls, much like myself, who fell kind of between-the-lines -- girls who skateboarded but did it in lacy underwear, girls who had boys' haircuts but wore girly nail polish, girls who had
eyeshadow to match their scraped knees, girls who liked girls and boys who all liked boys and girls who all hated being boxed in to anything. What makes the difference in their performance?" The seeds then
are mothered by this mycelium. and organisms learned how to make hard materials. OK, this is a perfect example. Which I thought was really -- I showed this to my mother recently. We know that open source has
succeeded with tools for managing knowledge and creativity. And this crash would have been about a 450. It's extremely inexpensive and rechargeable every five years. And they use light to illuminate space
down there. You can bend over and look at your reflection in the mirror and maybe run your finger and make a small ripple, or you can jump in and thrash around and see what it feels like, what it smells
like." You know, research shows repeatedly that we can't actually tell the difference between Coke and Pepsi. I do speak to sex workers, 15,000 of them and this is what sex workers say they earn in an hour. He's
taught them to spell his name, which is Aldo. But less directly, the lack of male presence in the culture -- you've got a teachers' lounge, and they're having a conversation about Joey and Johnny who beat
each other up on the playground. DH: So since we started this project, we've been getting hundreds of letters, emails, phone calls from people from all around the world. What is it? But some people refer
to me more of -- as, like, an Internet guru or -- swami. Vinay Venkatraman: “Technology crafts” for the digitally underserved Whatever happens with congestion pricing and those technologies will be happening
with road pricing. Here it is. In Oxford, perhaps we can use Lewis Carroll and look in the looking glass that is New York City to try and see our true selves, or perhaps pass through to another world. Let
me begin with an example. They also made it into an Instructable, and in less than one week, they had almost 10,000 views, and they got many new friends. No, they said, "If you're so into kids and all this
stuff, how come you ain't over here on the front lines? These are volcanic stones laid by hand. And I'm not talking about all comedy here, because, clearly, there's plenty of humor that colors safely within
the lines of what we already think and feel. And the standard error bands are relatively small around these estimates as well. Age not at all as pathology; age as potential. Now you think, "Close hand," and
a little section of your chest contracts. This is what I mean about appropriate technology. AB: I was 24 years old and at the top of my game when a freak summersault while downhill skiing paralyzed me. But
I think, as a community, we still have a lot to learn. We can do this. Don't tell me that we don't have the capacity to do it. but their echoes sound louder. So I decided to contact you myself, for you to
assure me of safety and honesty, if I have to entrust any amount of money under your custody. They said, "Well, we also believe that if you're a Mormon and if you're in good standing with the church, when
you die you get to go to heaven and be with your family for all eternity." And I said, "Oh, dear -- -- that wouldn't be such a good incentive for me." Acorn House is the element of wood; Waterhouse is the
element of water; and I'm thinking, well, I'm going to be making five restaurants based on the five Chinese medicine acupuncture specialities. I'm not talking about the difference between reality and desire,
which I can do because I'm not inside the beltway. And the film was shot on 72 millimeter, government-issue film. And the killer app for the rest of the planet is the instrumentation and the fabrication
divide: people locally developing solutions to local problems. Thank you. Then I just pick things up. I was an English major in college. I didn't have any use for it, but I missed writing. So, I started
to write a blog and I started to create things like these little stories. And I want to share with you how I came to that place and what I've learned since I left it. Written into our constitution, two different
forces, two different functions. Intensive farming is depleting soils. We tend to think of energy use as a behavioral thing -- I choose to turn this light switch on -- but really, enormous amounts of our
energy use are predestined by the kinds of communities and cities that we live in. And as we sit, exchanging free ideas with each other, there are still people mining coal in order to power the servers,
extracting the minerals to make all of those things. And here's what Bradley said about it. I'd set aside three weeks for this project, and that, I think, is what is meant by "hubris" -- Such a state monopoly
on violence, first of all, serves as a reassurance. Wouldn't it be great if the technology we used to take care of ourselves was as good as the technology we use to make money? The idea of resilience comes
from the study of ecology. Do you know what this might be? Does anyone know what that is? Whenever I visit the site of the mass grave at Wounded Knee, I see it not just as a grave for the Lakota or for the
Sioux, but as a grave for all indigenous peoples. architecture,art,biology,design,development,life,science,sustainability,technology I love poetry and always had an interest in that somehow. On my 14th birthday,
my grandfather and my grandmother gave me the best birthday present ever: a drafting table that I have worked on ever since. And that's why we will not launch this without five to 10 million units in the
first run. We call it the electronic jellyfish. Or if you're a paraplegic -- like I've visited the folks at Berkley Bionics -- they've developed eLEGS. So this is Grand Central at work -- it's a -- oh, for
gods sake! People have wanted to look inside the human mind, the human brain, for thousands of years. Meanwhile, you have the TV bloggers going out on strike, in sympathy with the television writers. So,
what are the solutions to this? what it would have been with natural gas So better to shy away from, to ignore, the moral and the religious convictions that people bring to civic life. I mean, you don't know
necessarily where you're headed when you begin, even though the forces can be calculated. Pangea Cinema -- the day the world comes together. And if anything, I think RISD has a strange DNA. But the details
of the process are still in significant controversy. It's one minute long. This is the Caltrans building in Los Angeles. I remember the day of the opening. Ninety percent of women don't, and 95 percent of
women don't know that it increases your breast cancer risk. And the orthopedic center was closed. And that's sort of like this lone guy in the backyard, you know -- "I accidentally built a 747." But just
as important is knowing which details we should leave out so that the main point still comes across. Aunties, uncles, you can continue to put your hands up, aunties and uncles as well. We're so good at overcoming
our biological limitations -- you know, I flew over here in an airplane. And yet, you put them together in a particular network, and what you get is the capacity to write Romeo and Juliet. They said, "Well,
Jesus, they already know this stuff." He says that, "If at first you don't succeed, hide all evidence you ever tried." And that is, "What type of world do we want to live in, and what decision are we going
to make today to ensure that we all live in a sustainable world?" We respond to stories more than data. The worst thing that's happened in the cave so far was one of the robots fell down ten meters. Since
we have an extra minute here, I thought perhaps you could tell us a little bit about these seeds, which maybe came from the shaved bit of the building. I called my mother, and she said, "Carmen, I need
you to come, please. This intersection had been bland and anonymous. is $20 an hour. That is 60,000 per year. If you presented it with a chess board, it tried to figure out what you might mean by that. You'd
rather be D, on the edge of the network. Everyone I talk to in performing arts resonates to the words of Adrienne Rich, who, in "Dreams of a Common Language," wrote, "We are out in a country that has no
language, no laws. It's remarkable: the position. children,culture,education It's a summer program which aims to help kids to learn how to build the things that they think of. This is a picture of Rob Hall. We
have a carbon fiber safety cage that protects the occupants for less than 10 percent of the weight of a traditional steel chassis in a car. They were the first to be treated by focused ultrasound. I want
them to think, "Well there's some hope." Let's be artists, right now. Right away. How? They have no idea who's been posing in what pose, and they end up looking at these sets of tapes, and they say, "Oh,
we want to hire these people," -- all the high-power posers -- "we don't want to hire these people. But I will also contest that I'm not as nervous as I should be because I'm pretty sure I'm right about
this. In fact, Solzhenitsyn once said, "To have a great writer is to have another government." When it comes time to spawn, they come inside, but I think that we live in an age when our lives are regularly
punctuated by career crises, by moments when what we thought we knew, about our lives, about our careers, comes into contact with a threatening sort of reality. That's fantastic. and it's been so successful
that it's currently building a new hospital every 35 days. Now we've never seen a shadow like this of a black hole, but black holes can be heard, even if they're not seen. His American interrogators described
him as an amicable psychopath. These rapid collapses are especially likely where there's a mismatch between available resources and resource consumption, or a mismatch between economic outlays and economic
potential. They are Attitude, Awareness and Authenticity. The United States is Lesterland. "She took up a more threatening position in her bed." This transponder that we operate with the European Space Agency
-- it gives us the benefit that every satellite that comes over to calibrate itself is taking a picture. All of this work that you have seen is all about my learning in India. One: Celebrate moral exemplars. You're
going to see a lot of imagery, and it's not always connected to what I'm talking about, so I need you to kind of split your brains in half and let the images flow over one side and listen to me on the
other. Religious teaching, this is where we've gone so wrong, concentrating solely on believing abstruse doctrines. but I think it's very interesting that there was some work done to show that this eddy
pattern in this painting followed a statistical model of turbulence, Narrator: Lynn Verinsky, a professional climber, who appeared to be brimming with confidence. Carmen Agra Deedy: All right, then you know
that you have now entered parking lot purgatory, praying to that saint of perpetual availability that as you join that serpentine line of cars crawling along, some guy's going to turn on the brake lights
just as you pull up behind him. there is these smart Band-Aids or these sensors that one would put on, on a shoe or on the wrist. The sugars in the dough caramelize in the crust. But let's suppose that our
aim is to bring new economic activity to the base of the pyramid. This is the trace of fire, And one of the things that I've been really interested in is looking at the differences between males and females
in terms of the way they think and operate in the world. The experimenter says, "Don't worry, I will be responsible. The issue is not that. And I think what's very revealing is that the elite universities,
who are often cited as the reason that people drive their kids and hothouse them so much, are starting to notice the caliber of students coming to them is falling. These kids have wonderful marks; they
have CVs jammed with extracurriculars, to the point that would make your eyes water. And then, you see, these were famine years. But culminating -- and that's where this hooks into the theme of my little
talk -- is this Mediatheque, which is suspended from the cantilevered portion of the building. That's very important. And now, finally, this is what I want. It's a number -- very large -- a contribution to
the economy of the United States for free. And so this is, again, hopefully not only a healthy bread, but a bread that you will enjoy. But in five to ten years we're going to start see some very profound
changes. and he described a huge abundance of sharks biting the rudders and the oars of their small boats while they were going ashore. So it's big, so it's slow. You've got nowhere to go. I'm not doing
this for praise. In southern Sudan, another civil war saw similar use of starvation as a means of genocide. Innovation is hard because it means doing something that people don't find very easy, for the most
part. These rocks have been hitting our earth for about three billion years, and are responsible for much of what’s gone on on our planet. Now, most of you have figured out that this was a prank, and actually
a very, very good one. and we don't even do justice in the knowledge market. They'd worn themselves out, beating themselves against the window, and, well, they were easy to capture. He had a scoliosis and
therefore must have been looked after quite carefully by other female, and probably much smaller, members of his family group, to have got to where he did in life, age 12. Then they have to learn the anatomy,
and they've got to learn the physiology. Optically activating these hundred or so cells into two strains of flies has dramatically different consequences. There is tremendous sustaining revenue under this
long tail to sustain open projects like ours, but also to sustain this new emergence of on-demand publishers, like Coop, who produced these two books. And I think one of the things that you should take
away from this talk, is that there's an impending cut-out-the-middle-man, disintermediation, that's going to be happening in the publishing industry, and it's going to reach a crescendo over the next few
years, and I think that it's for our benefit, really, and for the world's benefit. These are just the ESPN SportsCenter version of the game. They lose the context. And part of that activity is honesty. Now
here comes the radical experiment. Second Man: Romeo and Juliet, Sassi and Panno, Dodi and Diana, Heer and Ranjha, this is love! Third Man: My greatest fear is ... You're watching snippets from "Sputnik,"
my fifth documentary feature, It tells the story of Sputnik, and the story of what happened to America as a result. It then comes back into a round form and then tapers and curves off. If you want to give
some of your own money to punish people who aren't contributing, you can do that." He looked at some research, which said the chance of one cot death in a family like Sally Clark's is about one in 8,500. Huge
gene sequencing facilities the size of football fields. And one of the unique capabilities that we leverage with the MR is the ability to measure temperature noninvasively. They wanted us to think critically. Okay,
so 90 percent of my photographic process is, in fact, not photographic. Well, guess what? That's changing. So even before a target appears that she's supposed to cross with the cursor that she's controlling
with this joystick, Aurora is trying to find the target, no matter where it is. So you're seeing the daily ebb and flow of people sending SMS messages from different parts of the city, until we approach
New Year's Eve, where everybody says, "Happy New Year!" Right? I mean, somebody's seen him. And Howard immediately went on the road, and he would go to conferences around the country, and he would stand
up and he would say, "You had been looking for the perfect Pepsi. You're wrong. Now that foundation is so important that a number of us from the largest general surgery society in the United States, SAGES,
started in the late 1990s a training program that would assure that every surgeon who practices minimally invasive surgery would have a strong foundation of knowledge and skills necessary to go on and
do procedures. So, if you remember anything in this next 18 minutes, remember this: that the light that falls on to your eye, sensory information, is meaningless, So it could have a negative impact on the
whole population. Right? So this is the first example. Sarah Kaminsky tells the extraordinary story of her father Adolfo and his activity during World War II -- using his ingenuity and talent for forgery
to save lives. So we're going to go straight into this. Now one of the particular issues that comes up with military use of non-lethal weapons -- and people when they're actually saying, "Well hey, there
might be some problems" -- there's a couple of particular problems that get focused on. And just like the polar bears, these animals depend on an icy environment. My first evening, before my first day of
school, I said to my mother, very politely, "Please wake me up at eight a.m." In low-fat butter, or actually in many low-fat products, when you take the fat out, you actually take the taste and the texture
out. When I was a young child, my mother, who was a choreographer, came upon a phenomenon that worried her. We can ask how exactly he got to be in this particular location compared to his neighbors -- if
it was just chance, or destiny, or what? And I remember standing underneath the hot shower and trying to defrost my fingers. Nature has learned to compensate with that, and females have multiple clutches
of eggs to overcome those odds. And we will be bringing robotics of all sorts into the ocean. Gravity is one thing that we can't see and which we don't understand. That's one of the most dangerous horse stunts,
certainly. and she wanted to provide that seed. It's not anymore, We actually shoot segments like T.V. show segments. So what the kids do depends first of all, how old are they -- and we go now from pre-school
right through university. It really is his name. The first sketch recognizes that the building is many spaces -- spaces where research goes on, conference centers, a public building because it will be a
museum devoted to peacemaking -- and these are the drawings that we submitted for the competition, the plans showing the spaces which radiate outwards from the entry. So it's not really that out of these
haphazard contacts, perfection arises. The longer the exposure goes on for, the more detail you get. And at this age, my personal idol was Flipper the dolphin. Now, what we're in the middle of now is overcoming
the limitations of our individual brains and infinitely multiplying our mental power. For 30 years of his life, he made false papers -- never for himself, always for other people, and to come to the aid
of the persecuted and the oppressed. Nilofer Merchant suggests a small idea that just might have a big impact on your life and health: Next time you have a one-on-one meeting, make it into a "walking meeting"
-- and let ideas flow while you walk and talk. In medieval societies there were defined allegiances. The next island was not too hard to find, and that was Hawaii. The magic of the mechanisms saying exactly
where that nerve cell should go -- the complexity of these mathematical models of how these things are indeed done are beyond human comprehension. This is the winner. And then I want to tell you that this
is a map. Brooklyn-based Chitra Ganesh is known for her digital collages, using Indian comic books called amar chitra kathas as her primary source material. I contacted a company in the States who make suits
for NASA. There is a glut of film, the quality has to be raised, they need to go to the next level, but I’m optimistic. And what it said on that sign hit me right in the center. Only seven percent said that
they wouldn't consider buying a Skycar. "We learned it in college." But the entire planet warms up when there's a big El Nino. The technology for oxygen delivery is not new. It is also unstable. is that we
see one heading toward us, Again, it's a mobile phone-shaped box, and this one can change its shape. And it is important. Man: We are the morning workers who come, all the time, here and enjoy the walking,
city's beauty and the atmosphere and this is the nicest place of Bangladesh. Look around. Everywhere. Look at your smart phone. That's not my claim, that's a CIA claim -- you can read it, it was declassified
a while ago. You can read it in a volume edited by H. Bradford Westerfield, Yale University Press. I am trying to suggest that, for 40-odd years, this aquatic idea has been miscategorized as lunatic fringe, We
really think it's a phenomenal driver of things, to force us to do things differently, and we look forward to being able to actually, working with so many partners around the world, to be able to reach
that goal. And I'm presenting it here at TED. Why? By the way, when I showed this slide to a group of Kiwanians in my town, they all rose in indignation from their creamed chicken, That's why India belongs
at TED, and that's why TED belongs in India. So whereas the fathers were extremely attentive to figuring out how to protect individuals from the state, it's possible that if we injected more mothers into
this concept, what we would have is more of a concept of, not just how to protect, but how to care for each other. The high degree of interconnectivity of the top players in the core could pose a significant
systemic risk to the global economy and we could easily reproduce the TNC network with a few simple rules. And though the equation is largely subjective, you can perhaps quantify people, and perhaps quantify
affluence, but technology is abusive in too many ways to quantify. So we ran another group of babies in which the kids got the same dosage, the same 12 sessions, but over a television set and another group
of babies who had just audio exposure and looked at a teddy bear on the screen. Her mother was still alive. So that's two points for insects. And the point is, we need to carry on increasing well-being. And
they'd been working on furniture before. They accompany me wherever I go in my life, and I fill them with all sorts of things, records of my lived experience: so watercolor paintings, drawings of what I
see, dead flowers, dead insects, pasted ticket stubs, rusting coins, business cards, writings. That's what makes me get up every day and want to think about this generation of black artists and artists
around the world. And they expect these people who work for them to do great work -- I would hope, at least. Nothing can do that. And I talk next. I showed them this video with the simple design of RHex
here. And just to convince them we should go to Mars in 2011, I tinted the video orange just to give them the sense of being on Mars. PH: I think it's a great time of enthrallment. It is a very useful concept,
but behaviorally, it may not exactly explain what people do the first time they play these types of economic games or in situations in the outside world. There are neurons there that are sensitive to faces. They
know how to plant organic rice, they know how to look after it, they know how to harvest and they know how to cook it. As we've looked at the question of how well do these cars perform, we wanted to compare
them to our human counterparts. You bring in science, and it ruins the magic." The chromosome is literally blown apart. And the truth is I don't really understand a lot of what they're talking about. And certainly,
no, it doesn't look a thing like my office. Now the CRP test is often done following a cholesterol test, or in conjunction with a cholesterol test. And that led us to then completely rethinking how we draw,
how we work. Each has persisted for thousands to millions of years. The study showed that food companies exaggerated typically seven times more than an independent study. You know a Chinese restaurant when
you see it. Compare the chalk writing with the lexigram on the keyboard. And we are in a long, long line to come to this planet and ask ourselves, "How can we live here gracefully over the long haul?" And,
all of a sudden, India was this land of opportunity. We think this is universal. Look at the Gates Foundation. the song "Jamaica Farewell" -- "Ackee rice salt fish are nice" -- is an emblem of the importance
of salt cod from northeastern Canada. The moment when the world on average passes this peak, people wonder when that's going to happen. Audience: Saw many trains. Now, when we do brain imaging, we find that
all three of these networks are actually much more efficient in people that play action games. And then I spent a year going to long, tedious, boring meetings, trying to sell this logo through to a huge
corporation to the point of tears. Finally, not that long ago, Craig Venter created the first artificial cell, where he took a cell, took a DNA synthesizer, which is a machine, created an artificial genome,
put it in a different cell -- the genome was not of the cell he put it in -- and that cell then reproduced as the other cell. I remember a sort of a tussle at the door, trying to get the door open. And it
is a crisis in health care systems. Von Neumann, in the '50s, did the same thing for computing; Although you're looking for a drug that can solve aging in old men like me, what you could do now pretty well
in the lab, if you were allowed ethically, is start a human life from scratch with altered genes that would make it live for a lot longer? The power of being able to ask those questions, as a scientist
-- questions which actually bridge across different disciplines -- It's very very important. I already knew how to design, but it wasn't like I was amazingly brilliant at it, but more like I was sensitive
to the ideas of grids and space and alignment and typography. It receives the least rainfall in the country, lowest rainfall. Craig Venter: Can we explain how significant this is? This was one of our first
patients, Chris. Flamingos covered continents. Migrations got underway. Theater awakens our senses and opens the door to our imagination. Mark Bittman on what's wrong with what we eat And probably the most
important is you have to work on your mental skills, mental preparation. You can't run a society by the lowest common denominator. But also, I'm looking to see what is it that's shaping that person's ability
to contribute, to do something beyond themselves. So maybe the real question is, you know, I look at life and say, there's two master lessons. But what's more interesting is how it tastes to you will depend
critically on what you think you're eating. And it really became the -- I don't know, you know, it was one of those moments people started laughing at what was going on. You just said, "I'll call you when
I get there." "Aha!" So, they figured out it's a code problem. The third idea I want to share with you is that music, paradoxically, I think even more than words, is one of the very best ways we have of
showing who we really are. I love giving talks, although strangely I feel more nervous giving talks than playing music. In short, they are acquiring the status that they had a million years ago, 10,000
years ago, 100,000 years ago. Soon we had outgrown the scrap yards, what they could provide, so we coerced a wire manufacturer to help us, and not only to supply the materials on bobbins, but to produce
to our color specifications. If it's using landmarks, it will find its home. If it is using something called path integration, it will not find its home. It will arrive at the wrong spot, and what it's
doing here if it's using path integration is it's counting its steps or measuring the distance out in this direction. so I hired a guy who got off on the Jesus big time. Well, what if -- because I'm suspicious
like that. I read a lot of spy novels and stuff. The signs might indicate that the complexity crunch is only going to get worse. Don't tell her I said that. Now you have to stay away. Get away. And our revenues
are going to go this, that and the other thing. These are just some examples. But when that food is there, it's transformative. But when the body is actually initiating a process and we're calling it a disease,
it doesn't seem as though elimination is the right solution. So even to go from there, it's possible, although far-fetched, that in the future we could almost think of cancer being used as a therapy. And
I could sense that she thought I was speaking synecdochically. And finally, they have a different model of scale, and it's a Chinese restaurant model of how to scale. I'm holding on to the counter because
I can't stand. So, if I were to take the sun and compress it down to the scale of the University of Oxford, it would become a black hole. You board the plane. The plane takes off. The engine fails. There
are 21 linguistic states in India, which is like saying 21 different countries. We have to make it immediately. That's a lot of storage, memory. Nine exabyte RAM. So this, for example, is hydrogen-generating
algae. And I can tell you all the details about the microbial study that we did there, but the reason I want to tell you this story is something really striking that they did at the beginning of this project. And
Nike knows how to get your pace and distance from just that sensor. And it happened over four continents. So, seven years ago Agnes built the first V-Day safe house in Narok, Kenya, in the Masai land. It's
a quite amazing development which has happened. And that sounds really heavy, but in the last five or 10 years, 15 years, how have there been some decisions you've made that if you'd made a different decision,
your life would be completely different? How many can think about it? And the fundamental reason, I think, why we feel that aging is inevitable is summed up in a definition of aging that I'm giving here. So
in summary, while radical openness is great, given how closed we are, even incremental openness could make things This year, I got, what I really have to say is a rather brilliant idea, to laser cut my
valentines out of used Christmas cards. The consequence of the single story is this: It robs people of dignity. So we packaged DryBath in these innovative little sachets. And you can say, "Well how do you
know they're happy?" And then the next line over says if your friend's friend's friend, someone you probably don't even know, is obese, your risk of obesity is 10 percent higher. Every effort has been made
and will continue to be made to find a new pattern, new selling arrangements and new types of programs that may arrest the declining revenues. And then we gave condoms out everywhere on the streets -- In
taxis, you get condoms. And we went outside, and he was just furious. art,arts,design,entertainment,humor,performance And many of the metaphors we use everyday are synesthetic. What was significant was that
the faculty member was observing every student to understand who was really involved and who was not and was saying, "Let me see how I can work with them. So, essentially what we're seeing is the emergence
of a fourth transactional framework. It used to be that there were two primary dimensions along which you could divide things. They could be market based, or non-market based; they could be decentralized,
or centralized. So, they tried it on a few pigs, and none of the pigs were killed. We slowed down. And we went through moments of fears because we had no idea how the little amount of gas we had in the balloon
could allow us to travel 45,000 kilometers. I'm a savant, or more precisely, a high-functioning autistic savant. I started learning about the world-record holder. they inquired how many cigarettes a day I
smoked, because they thought all Turks were heavy smokers, It's a waste of resources if you don't use someone like Dai Manju. So what can we learn from all of this? it's got light organs in every single scale,
in the fins, in a mucus layer on the back and the belly, all used for different things -- some of which we know about, some of which we don't. Whatever we call it, it's new, it's beginning, and I think
it's gong to quite significant. But we can look at the world, and try to understand where we are in its context, and how we choose to interact with it. It wasn't an available condition. But the real question
is: How well do these work in practice? Singer: ♫ On the day of judgment ♫ ♫ My God will call me ♫ ♫ My body will be put back together ♫ ♫ And God will ask me why I did this ♫ SOC: I leave you all with
this thought: If you grew up in these circumstances, faced with these choices, would you choose to live in this world or in the glorious afterlife? Suddenly and for the very first time, collective defense,
the thing that has dominated us as the concept of securing our nations, is no longer enough. I mean, it would be nice to have those things, but that's not why they're in the city, and that's not what they
care about. Majora Carter: Greening the ghetto So it's actually a papercut that's nine yards long. And that means that it's vulnerable to certain kinds of mistakes that can happen, or certain kinds of deliberate
attacks, but even the mistakes can be bad. We are but the base of chaos. We are very ignorant about what the time scale for these things are, It's accumulating new ways of making living organisms because
some of those errors work. And this is because our kids are so valuable, not just because of who they are, but because of us, because they are so connected to us and because of the time and connection. There
are things like silver-plated thalis. And then, in one of the most important, tenacious and toughest reservoirs of the polio virus in the world, we found that our vaccine was working half as well as it
should have. The developing world now has all of the biggest cities, and they are developing three times faster than the developed countries, and nine times bigger. Another way of putting it is, is there
some humongous problem that we cannot yet get computers to solve, yet we can split into tiny 10-second chunks such that each time somebody solves a CAPTCHA they solve a little bit of this problem? My background
is not exactly the conventional medical education that you might expect. We are focused on making this technology better. What worked well this week? There's Indian Chinese food, Korean Chinese food, Japanese
Chinese food, where they take the bao, the little buns, and they make them into pizza versions, and they take -- and they -- like, totally randomly they'll take Chinese noodle dishes, and they'll just
Ramen-ize them. Connection between life and radioactive nuclei is straightforward. No life without tectonic activity, without volcanic activity. Why should a conflict like Iraq have this as its fundamental
signature? We asked people to draw what it was that they saw. Larger markets increase the incentive to produce all kinds of ideas, Mr. Milliken said it was not. Dr. Robicsek disagreed. thank you, these are
great answers, but they're answers to a different question. And sort of measure the impact. Stuff like this are things I made, just to sort of understand what these things are. And after about 15 or 20 minutes
of this, she got up and she came across the room and she took me by the hand and she said, "Come on, Bryan. You and I are going to have a talk." And I remember this just like it happened yesterday. You
literally put it on your skin, and you don't have to bathe. So, we can see the stars and the planets, Of course, they're not gone. They're all here. Why not? It is possible. Look around in this room -- all
this knowledge, energy, talent and technology. I said "This can't be." And they were all alone, and I thought, "This is the secret life of men." Most people are guilty of the evil of inaction, because your
mother said, "Don't get involved. Mind your own business." Put all of those bonds at one place and they sit down and click. What I'm here to talk with you about today is an intriguing new hypothesis and
some surprisingly powerful new findings that I've been working on about the link between the structure of the language you speak and how you find yourself with the propensity to save. The average home power
drill is used somewhere between six and 20 minutes in its entire lifetime, depending on who you ask. it took about three hours to get up there -- And about three years ago, by reaching out into the open-source
software community to create new digital tools for magic -- tools that could eventually be shared with other artists to start them off further on in the process and to get them to the poetry faster. Because
in nature, mushrooms are the recycling system. We have to make sure they're ready to be the leaders of this great country of ours, a country that is like no other, a country that amazes me every single
day, a country that's fractious. We're always arguing with each other. It falls over, but it falls over like a rag doll, basically. For one thing, he possessed an uncanny ability to empathize with and to
think about other peoples' point of view. Kindergarten begins in kindergarten. One says, "Weapon of mass protection." You don't need human assistants for that anymore. This is where we're headed in terms of
global temperature rises, and if we keep on going the way we're going, we get a four- or five-degree-Centigrade temperature rise by the end of this century. This is what happens to the bears when they come
in. another one of these great mysteries that needs to be solved. Because the Internet has fashioned a new and complicated environment for an old-age dilemma that pits the demands of security with the desire
for freedom. When does this breakdown begin? I'm learning this at 40 years of age. So they take the first one that comes along, often. I thought, "I'm in the sports rally or something. You put a smart meter
in your home, and you see how much electricity you're using right now, how much it's costing you, your kids go around and turn the lights off pretty quickly. And the thing would be to get up the databases
free, to get them searchable, and with a second click, to get them into the graphic formats, where you can instantly understand them. And she runs as any of us would have done and takes cover, and she hides
behind a trash bin, in her high heels and her miniskirt. I want to see how many of you can get these things on the stage. Why can I say, "I'll take my steak medium rare, I need size six shoes," but I won't
say, "Would you praise me this way?" a few authors from China, a few from Turkey, a few from Nigeria. The dog! I was stunned with jealousy. Or Buddha -- if he saw the same cow, he would say, "Asking this
question denies your own nature [as a] cow." Those who were intended to receive the data, 74 percent of them received it. First of all, a little bit of audience participation. Disasters have happened. In
recent years we lost the gene bank, the seed bank in Iraq and Afghanistan. You can guess why. You want to make something that the machine can read. He was a man of many, many parts. Nine out of 10 Japanese
students say that it depends on my own investment, on my own effort, and that tells you a lot about the system that is around them. and I'm just going to not get into detail but mention a few. Perhaps some
of these states can be appropriately called mystical or spiritual. I'm going to pass it around. Yeah? And to find the connectomes of brains more like our own, we need more sophisticated technologies, that
are automated, that will speed up the process of finding connectomes. I knew that the depth of field was 18 inches or less. This is Pandora. Free Internet radio. Not just free Internet radio -- you type
in a band or a song name. Well, this is a deep-sea version of Women's Lib. You see, because, I mean -- I give you one statistic. On the other hand, there's the liking processes, fun and affection and delight
and an enormous flying beast with an orc on the back. And during the evolution of life on the Earth, it was the colonization of the land by plants that helped create the benign climate we currently enjoy. Battered,
bruised, you start again. Same color, same message, same words. As Barbara depicted in one of her amazing movies, "Yentl," she portrayed a young woman who wanted an education. And this is a good thing. We
need lots of options. Basically people start to understand that they can change governments, but they cannot change policies. Hyun-Sook was in fact the fifth child that I found to photograph. And it sees
multiple people in a scene, remembers where individual people are, and looks from person to person, remembering people. And it was obviously a very difficult time -- really painful. There are 1.4 million
pregnant women in low- and middle-income countries living with HIV and of these, 90 percent are in sub-Saharan Africa. If this is so good, if this is such a no-brainer, how much of this do we have? While
in the third one, in the calling, very much likely I would do it also if I wouldn't be financially compensated for it. These floats reveal that the upper half of the ocean is gaining heat at a substantial
rate. This is what we dream about. Its individuality, demonstrated in the skyline. It's resilience. So I use sculpture and music to make it, not just visible, but also tactile and audible. And from that stick
figure, I somehow have to get to a folded shape that has a part for every bit of the subject, And you go back, and I'm at home, and I'm thinking, "Okay, what can I shoot ... If you fail the IQ test they
ask you to leave the country. You don't care that the word sounded pretty when it was spoken. Here's our new car: Because people say, "Bloody hell mate, I haven't got time to get fit. I just touched his back,
and I just touched his arm. Shapes which are of such complication, such harmony and such beauty. But then, after World War I, things dropped, and we get this historically low level of polarization. So there
is a form of internal globalization which is happening, which is as important as external globalization. The oil slick was now moving north towards Dassen Island, and the rescuers despaired, because they
knew if the oil hit, it would not be possible to rescue any more oiled birds. We can't just say, "Well, if they're young enough to benefit from these therapies, then they'll live 30 years longer." They have
a sense of the great arc of time and their tiny place in it. Babbage's difference engine was the first mechanical calculator devised to accurately compute any of these tables. When we asked students what
counts for success in mathematics, students in North America would typically tell us, you know, it's all about talent. and the typical graduate from a university in Ghana has a stronger sense of entitlement
than a sense of responsibility. We now have 15 sites. It has a curve there called the Corkscrew. Very embarrassing. And as the president of the company, I didn't feel real comfortable about where we were. We
want to satisfy our individual desires. It stopped moving. One obvious implication of modern economic history is that it's quite hard to transition to democracy before you've established secure private property
rights. I have to show you something from my own lab, so let me sneak this in. Bonobos are built slightly smaller than the chimpanzee. There's a lot of conflict, and the question is, how do we deal with our
differences? And on one side of the bunk bed, I had put out all of my G.I. Joe soldiers and weaponry. Before that time, I had never been away from my home in Malawi. Don't be trendy if you want to be serious. It
makes a lot of mistakes. And what they do is step, very coarsely at first, and then very finely afterward. You go to the future back, back, back, back, like that. This is the Lillis Business Complex at the
University of Oregon, and I worked with a team of architects and biologists to sample over 300 rooms in this building. The project has a number of parts to it. You can go 15 minutes or 30 minutes or 45 minutes
or an hour. I see what the status quo is; I don't like it." And of course, if you're a speaker here, like Hans Rosling, a speaker finds this complex, tricky. But in Hans Rosling's case, he had a secret weapon
yesterday, literally, in his sword swallowing act. After, there is the narcissistic design: it's a fantastic designer who designs only for other fantastic designers. But I would go further and say that making
systems work, whether in health care, education, climate change, making a pathway out of poverty, is the great task of our generation as a whole. I doodled a lot as a kid, and if you spend enough time doodling,
sooner or later, something happens: all your career options run out. We might want to ask for some help. This is a Chechen rebel on the front line against the Russian army. So, they learned their way to that
by building prototypes. New ones are being discovered everyday. And I think by the time this lamp came about, I had finally made peace with those dogs. 1985, right at the center of the Reagan years -- that's,
we're, there's, we've, it's. She recently returned to Dongguan on her own to take a job in a factory that makes construction cranes, temporarily leaving her husband and children back in the village. No,
it's a little robot on heroin or something, I think. The reason the squid is willing to put up with these shenanigans is because it wants that light. This is Van Quach. This is, of course, to philanthropy
what eBay and Amazon are to commerce. Now if you look at the cost of OPEC, it cost seven trillion dollars -- on the Milken Institute study last year -- seven trillion dollars is what we paid for oil from
OPEC. And as it became cheaper, bread manufacturers decided to add in all kinds of things. I got an educational impossibility, zero to 30 percent in two months in the tropical heat with a computer under
the tree in a language they didn't know doing something that's a decade ahead of their time. recognize interdependence. Jim Axelrod: Forget the Empire State Building or the Statue of Liberty. Not only will
it raise itself to 115 Fahrenheit, 43 or 44 degrees Centigrade, for two days, but it keeps constant temperature. And in particular, I think we can learn things about learning. Audience: Soap. This is a nuclear-proof
facility. and when the fish were all gone, all anyone ever saw underwater was just acres and acres of sea urchins. But it was very labor intensive. And really, it's not the most user-friendly interface. They
challenge what's currently there. Dee Boersma: Pay attention to penguins And that connection is an unequivocally physical process. I'm not saying that fiction has the magnitude of an earthquake, I think that
was -- the most surprising to myself was that the writing was actually so good. I hope the, by the way, the Phillips Direct Life works better -- How can I understand those invisible forces?" Now how could
it do that? Well, look more carefully. An example, a great example, is the risk of smoking. For me, it was simply an excuse to design a book that you could literally take the pants off of. If we don't supply
vitamins to the prisoners, it's a war crime." And the next morning, supplies of vitamin B12 are delivered to the camp, and the prisoners begin to recover. But that's easily said. So, this sort of thinking
about structure as computation and structure as information leads to other things, like this. And it turns out that different things crystallize out at different stages. However, they return to baseline
a lot sooner. The point about democracy is intrinsic. Woman: There is no Paradise! It only exists in your head! So, what would our natural rhythm look like? They'd have to be bookable in about the next minute. And
it came up with 6,000 different species of products. Well, if you look in textbooks today that deal with human evolution, you very often find people speculating about how early humans may have behaved,
based on the behavior of chimpanzees. And I said, "I'm 28 years old, and I live in hotels, and I'm not married." I mean I had fallen in love with this girl, but I -- you know, it was, like, emotionally
I was about 12 years old. The idea is that when you have a riot or a protest and the police comes towards you, you're wearing this thing -- Having a flat back makes it much easier to install them. That picture
you see there? What happens when people pursue money too avidly, is they forget about the real basic pleasures of life. Anyway, I like Oprah -- I like her girlfriendy-ness, I like her weight issues, I like
how she's transformed talk television, I like how she's brought reading back to America -- but there was something that happened the last two weeks that was ... I call it the Soon-Yi moment: it is the
moment when I cannot continue supporting someone. Over the last hundred years, we started building cars, and then over the 50 years we've connected every city to every other city in an extraordinarily efficient
way, and we have a very high standard of living as a consequence of that. 50 percent of the global population now lives in cities. Now that's a really serious problem. It was about two meters high, completely
squashed by the violence of the earthquake. You just need to look at the list of Nobel laureates to remind ourselves. That doesn't really seem like it makes a lot of sense to me. Each blog post, each blog
commentary may not, in and of itself, be exactly what we're looking for, but collectively the judgment of those people posting, those people linking, more often than not is going to give you a very interesting
and enormously valuable picture of what's going on. And after I got -- I was really drunk -- I was asked to do some sketches on napkins. I soon realized that manspaces didn't have to be only inside. So I
want to draw that little image for you, because this need to reconcile these two sets of needs, we are born with that. Our need for connection, our need for separateness, or our need for security and adventure,
or our need for togetherness and for autonomy, and if you think about the little kid who sits on your lap and who is cozily nested here and very secure and comfortable, and at some point all of us need
to go out into the world to discover and to explore. We want to know that it's better than the best currently available treatment that we have. And this reminds me of something I understand Lord Salisbury
said to Queen Victoria over a hundred years ago, when she was pressing him, "Please change." This is what I have found: to let ourselves be seen, deeply seen, vulnerably seen; to love with our whole hearts,
even though there's no guarantee -- and that's really hard, and I can tell you as a parent, that's excruciatingly difficult -- to practice gratitude and joy in those moments of terror, when we're wondering,
"Can I love you this much? And the good news story that I'm going to hopefully come to at the end is that it makes some of us heroes. and be able to type into Wolfram Alpha, "the theory of the universe,"
and have it tell us. And that means that every medium is right next door to every other medium. AM: ... ice-skating gait. There isn't all this sort of snake way of walking. And they have become successional
shrub lands, and these then mix in to a map of all the ecological communities. but stereo imaging at four times the definition that we have in HD will be routine within five years. which I am going to call
the social singularity. There are some countries up there, yellow triangles, that are doing better than global average, that are heading up towards the top left of the graph. That's what's in fields around
the world every single year. Or women making fun of men is the same as men making fun of women. But if you now take a set of replicating guys like in the video that you saw, it looks like this. That cancer
recurred, and she passed away three years later from lung cancer, but she got three years from a drug whose symptoms predominately were acne. For one thing, in Dutch painting of the time, if a woman's mouth
was open, it was indicating sexual availability. Iridium satellite phone. And one of you is told by the authority, the guy in the lab coat, This was the crossroad. So this animation just tries to explain this
concept where we made these cells sensitive to being turned off with light, and we beam light in, and just for the time it takes to shut down a seizure, we're hoping to be able to turn it off. It's fundamental
to Darwin and Mendel and so on. And the question is, who would go all the way to 450 volts? People are willing to invest more, and the budgets are larger. Like, have you ever thought when you buy a car, how
many people on how many different continents contributed to the manufacture of that car? Those are people in effect you're playing a non-zero-sum game with. And these people are the people who take the
brunt of it. Now if that male is carrying a gene which causes the death of the offspring, then the offspring don't survive, and instead of having 500 mosquitos running around, you have none. Now I have to
admit, these are the worst studies my lab has ever run. Nobody misses that dog I took a picture of on a Carmel beach a couple of weeks ago. Does anybody here have an answer for him? I don't. Zoom in on Haiti,
in outline here. Researcher Kwabena Boahen is looking for ways to mimic the brain's supercomputing powers in silicon -- because the messy, redundant processes inside our heads actually make for a small,
light, superfast computer. This was developed by colleagues at Stanford, called the iRhythm -- completely supplants the prior technology at a much lower price point Now we're also in the era, today, of
quantified self. I had never before thought of myself as a creative person. Over the last year, we've been visiting sites in Africa, looking at potential sites for new AIMS centers. So, whether it’s this
microbus meeting room that we have in one our buildings at IDEO; or at Pixar, where the animators work in wooden huts and decorated caves; or at the Googleplex, where it’s famous for its [beach] volleyball
courts, and even this massive dinosaur skeleton with pink flamingos on it. Wind takes about two to five years on average, same as concentrated solar and photovoltaics. It looks like a hair dryer from Mars. While
that might be a somewhat morbid thought, I think it has some really profound implications that are worth exploring. so the scientists are telling us. The truth is that we know that the images themselves
don't change the world, but we're also aware that, since the beginning of photography, images have provoked reactions in people, and those reactions have caused change to happen. So let's begin with a
group of images. and it is: when does it mean something to a child? This sea is an archipelago belonging to Kiribati that spans across the equator and it has several uninhabited, unfished, pristine islands
and a few inhabited islands. So the next time you're faced with something that's unexpected, unwanted and uncertain, consider that it just may be a gift. Gets it wrong, you press a button on the shock box. If
we really want to come to a point, we really want to put a cap on our carbon emission, we want to really lower the use of energy -- it has to be solved in countries like India. So I can't quite name them. This
has been something that has been refused for centuries, despite the evidence. This is like an IQ test for language. You're not aware of this, but your eyes are always moving. Everyone hates that equally,
but Republicans and Democrats hate that together. It is, arguably, the most audacious endeavor of that Edwardian golden age of exploration, and it seemed to me high time, given everything we have figured
out in the century since from scurvy to solar panels, that it was high time someone had a go at finishing the job. We need to get the new paradigm of precaution and respect. because we are very immune to
this. This is called alpha-gal epitope. Now with elephants, it's very dangerous to work with elephants. I, myself, I'm actually involved in the team which is developing a CODEX, high resolution, future generation
spectrograph for the 42 meter E-ELT telescope. So -- and that's from less than five months from a prototype in my lab to a major commercial product. Dendritic cells, or macrophages, capture the virus and
display pieces of it. So Archie splits the men under his care as best he can into two equal groups. So here he is. Everybody asking, just who is responsible for this citywide, nationwide mockingbird cacophony,
and somebody finally is going to tip the City Council of Monterey, California off to me, and they'll offer me a key to the city. And they are not magnanimous in victory. and people say, "Oh, I know your
work. You're the guy that makes eye candy." And when you're told this, you feel kind of weird. And these are some of the ideas in terms of where we could possibly put in some promotion for "In My World." And
the "giant" in the field is in the room tonight and is speaking tomorrow morning -- Antonio Damasio. Rat, that's a rat -- could have been you. "Come to my apartment and we'll talk for those 15 minutes, and
then we'll decide whether we proceed." In technology, we spend so much time experimenting, fine-tuning, getting the absolute cheapest way to do something, so why aren't we doing that with social policy? Wouldn't
you rather test to see if those cancer drugs This is an example from Karen Burg's lab, where they're using inkjet technologies to print breast cancer cells and study its progressions and treatments. Essentially,
he said this: "if you bet on God, and open yourself to his love, you lose nothing, even if you're wrong. Except, maybe we do. CA: Mark, 30 seconds, either on that or on anything Stewart said. Because I think
only through uncertainty is there potential for understanding. This base has a lot of flaps in it. You know what it means? One of your students must have been passing by, showed them how to use the mouse."
So I said, "Yeah, that's possible." So I repeated the experiment. I went 300 miles out of Delhi into a really remote village where the chances of a passing software development engineer was very little. Let
them be on the Internet. So we have a model, and we can calculate it, and we can use it to make designs of what we think the universe really looks like. There is a -- imagine that life originated on Europa,
and it was sitting in the ocean for billions of years. So when I speak of leadership, I'm not talking about just political leaders. And could Africa get that sequencing wrong? And then changing levels. Will
only those that are able to afford it be able to be this super race of the future? The net action of many of these on that long strand is to fold it into something like a rectangle. CA: Here's -- We're going
to just show a short clip from this Baghdad airstrike video. This, of course, is a visual map that I'm showing you, but this applies to any kind of map -- auditory, for example, in relation to sound frequencies,
or to the maps that we construct with our skin in relation to an object that we palpate. Then we can spin these in eight dimensions, and see what the whole pattern looks like. Two, in a hundred years, thousand
foot buffers on all stream corridors. Many of you probably subscribe to our polite cultural belief that we should respect religion, but I also suspect that a fair number of those secretly despise religion
as much as I do. Those are the times that they should be contributing to Africa's development. But they're not there. And they saw strange pictures like this. Respond, and then we'll get the rest of your
question. This is by a student of mine who interviewed some of the leading writers and poets in the United States. So I can tell you what the prevalence was in Kenya in 2003, but I can't tell you anything
about 1993 or 1983. Do another three hours' work. I know it because people come up to me, like colleagues, and say, "Chris, you have a strange career." You can dial in 40 calories going into work and 500
going home, when you can take a shower. And if I ever get to heaven, it will be because I held my piece for 45 minutes and did not interrupt my patient. they all wanted to shout the story. Of course you don't.
Very few people do. This was civic mobilization. On the contrary, clinical trials are extremely useful tools, and are much needed to address the burden of disease in developing countries. A girl, if you're
lucky, in the corner of a dark room -- lucky to be able to look at the Koran. We find life at the bottom of every long-term, long-distance drilling core into the center of rock that we bring up -- and there's
bacteria in the pores of that rock. So we had these panels on three walls of a room. So to solve this quandary of the two force peaks: what I think was going on is: that first impact is actually the limb
hitting the load cell, and the second impact is actually the collapse of the cavitation bubble. This is cosmology's final frontier. And News, which I just mentioned, was started by a researcher. In 1623,
Galileo wrote this: "Nature's grand book, which stands continually open to our gaze, is written in the language of mathematics. And finally, we are putting together an adaptive ecosystem that will match
different learners with different apps according to their evolving learning style. Now to bring home the point of how close it is -- the relationship between the grid of neurons and the topographical arrangement
of the activity of the neurons and our mental experience -- I'm going to tell you a personal story. So, we'll be able to really not have any excuse to be wearing everything leather in the future. And that's
going to impact how it's going to evolve. Now, what happened? I've been to Ethiopia, as I said earlier. When I heard him speak, it was three years before that. And he'll get you inspired and get you going
and guide you through the process so that you can affect change. So we thought we would start writing a brand new chapter of mobility. Erik Johansson: Impossible photography I hope that you won't feel that
these few moments with me is not a -- is an anticlimax, after all these tremendous talks that you've heard, and addresses, which I intend to listen to every one of them. And it was really interesting --
there were articles correlating if you have a bone fracture, and then bone cancer arises. I've got a girlfriend who's just getting over a terrible love affair. Well, as an ornithologist, I can tell you that
birds fly, and that -- and that booming a bird colony doesn't do it; it doesn't do it. by just getting them to team with neighbors, as you can see here. Just as we cannot ignore the literal meaning of words,
we cannot ignore the analogies that are triggered by metaphor. Or, "Rose forced herself to go," as if there were two entities inside Rose's head, engaged in a tug of a war. Our games don't always do this. She,
like so many of the women I see at A to Z, worked hard every day, understood what suffering was, had a deep faith in God, loved her children and would never have accepted a handout. I put my flippers on.
I could barely part my lips. Maya Beiser and her cello So let's run through the things you've got to include in your presentation. We're going to rebuild your knee with the parts. And sometimes I have young
people approaching me say, "Lan, you changed my life," and I feel proud of that. My friend Richard Mazuch, an architect in London, coined the phrase "invisible architecture." Where's our export? Do you realize
that you, TED users, spend an average of 52 minutes per day wasting your time on your daily commute? And he said, "We're going to introduce you to Tony." And that's all well and good. We put a call out there,
and to my surprise in a couple of months we had hundreds of entries from around the world. The other thing is that we’ve got much lower costs. But the most intriguing prehistoric artifacts are older even
than this. These are the three working elements of fire that you have to have to have a good controlled fire. There was bread, there was those little, mini dill pickles, there was olives, those little white
onions. And when I did, I thought, well, I'd better look this word up in the dictionary. They're motivated by something else -- motivated by protests, motivated by an opinion, motivated by the laughs. And
shale is not quite completely competent rock. This is actually a desktop inkjet printer, but instead of using ink, we're using cells. I turn them into two and three-dimensional pieces and sculptures and
installations. So chip specifications, APIs, project descriptions, software tools, hardware simulators, CPU emulators, stacks of hundreds of slides, lectures -- we laid out everything on the Web and invited
the world to come over, take whatever they need, and do whatever they want with it. You're going to see people be born and die -- dots will appear and disappear -- And we think in a gene-centric view --
maybe going back to Richard Dawkins' ideas -- than in a genome-centric view, which are different constructs of these gene components. from our grief or from our revery and we go into our phones. And who
are the biggest neotenists? But then, of course, the consumer says that doesn't really matter. What about the remaining half of the people? You should be really afraid that -- if we stick up the first slide
on this thing -- there we go -- that you're missing out. You probably — No, you didn't. Okay. So this is some of the challenge that we have here, is you can see that it's actually kind of hard to get the
-- And I’ll talk more about this, but the real epidemic isn’t just heart disease or obesity or smoking -- it’s loneliness and depression. We'll start with something very simple -- Newton's Law: "The force
equals mass times acceleration." This is something that perhaps Turkish Airlines should have studied a bit more carefully before they ran this campaign. And so -- this is an over-simplification -- but basically,
it's not like you can just pass a radar signal right through 156 tons of steel in the sky. So we may consider that the more those are invading our mind, and, like a chain reaction, the more we feel miserable,
we feel tormented. Their works for me are about, not always just simply about the aesthetic innovation that their minds imagine, that their visions create and put out there in the world, but more, perhaps,
importantly, through the excitement of the community that they create as important voices that would allow us right now to understand our situation, as well as in the future. And, again, a EU standard-size,
real person, so you get some sense of the scale. So it's a slight misquote. The articles were edited quite heavily. They were received in refugee camps set up by NGOs in Albania and Macedonia. But they all
tell us what the natural variability is. We're going to have a Department of Something Else between war and peace. It used to be in my kitchen in Brooklyn. When I come back to my desk I can just pinch that
information back to my desktop so I can use my full-size computer. But we'll leave that alone. They spring from the same source. The only thing you should focus on would be to reduce existential risk because
even the tiniest decrease in existential risk would just overwhelm any other benefit you could hope to achieve. And we use all of them, even the toxic ones. CC: Mr. Gelehun, I’d like to remind you you’re
not on trial here for any crimes you committed. But I think there's going to be huge impacts. We need a new mindset. The world is converging, It also happens to be male and, in theory immortal. I think this
latest oil spill in the Gulf is a reminder. Scott Page: Models help us design more effective institutions and policies. So I want to show you another landscape now. I'm a big fan of cities. I don't know, what
should I do?" And I was trying to take a picture of her quietly. The sky: every Afghan sees the sky as a source of fear. and at some point in early babyhood, the idea of self starts to form. So, something
is missing. Each is exquisitely adapted to the environment in which it lives, interlocked with other species to form ecosystems upon which our own lives depend in ways we have not begun even to imagine. And
then we gave them options that were bonuses -- like you guys did in the first scenario -- so they actually have a chance more, or pieces where they were experiencing losses -- they actually thought they
were going to get more than they really got. And if everybody, like all people really had access to that, it would be a very different world out there, as I know you know. So if you look back to 1988, there
are about 350,000 cases of polio on the planet that year. They have signed the pact for peace and treaty in the Great Lakes region, This electric hush, as if they could sense what was about to happen. Why
is it such an important part of education as a sort of compulsory subject? We don't have a working system here yet. A satellite tag only works when the air is clear of the water and can send a signal to
the satellite. They're all kinds of ways we can use massively collected data to create sensor networks to follow the population, understand what's happening in the population, and intervene in the population
for the better. So I want to just offer four questions that every patient should ask, because I don't actually expect people to start developing these lab test reports. The guitar player from a single square,
the bass player from a single square. And now, when I talk about the show, I no longer just tell the story you heard and 190 like it. Older people look toward the smiling faces and away from the frowning,
angry faces. If you've been in an MRI scanner, it's very much the same, but this one is outfitted in a special way to not just take pictures of your brain, but to also take pictures of active areas of the
brain. I ordered a kidney X-ray. When it turned out to be normal, my colleague who was doing a reassessment of the patient noticed some tenderness in the right lower quadrant and called the surgeons. Recent
technologies -- like the PC, the web, cell phones -- were under a decade. The belief in true democracy and in the people runs deep, proving that the African is capable of governing himself. The first thing
to remember is that play is not anarchy. We finance anything that a media company would need, from printing presses to transmitters. Now the problem with this model of censorship, of identifying a site and
then trying to remove it from the domain name system, is that it won't work. I mean, if I just go through some of them now -- I know about laminar flow when it comes to air-piercing objects, and that does
it consummately well, you can see it can. Because I also, I'm going to admit to you, I also thought, "How can I be like a hot-shot young full professor who teaches human rights and not know this? And it
would take two people at least an hour just to clean one penguin. It creates two of the favorite words of any businessperson: sold out. But instead, I go out and I find things. What does it look like? But
if you need to, your students can then develop those substeps together. And, in fact, it's the best evidence we have to date for not only existence of a supermassive black hole at the center of our own
galaxy, but any in our universe. So there we are. We went to the people who were seen as the cause of the problem to be the solution. We have to save these places if we want a chance in hell of preserving
biodiversity as we know it. And you can see how I'm gradually peeling off. E.O. Wilson on saving life on Earth Another half an hour and we would have won." but there's nobody in this room that would rather
have that than the one you got. But I was saying to him, "You know, the first airplane went 100 feet in 1903. Wilbur and Orville. In Kenya, in Zambia, and a bunch of countries, there's been testing in random
samples of the population. That is what we call an "infinite game." So, I figured, Oprah had dedicated an hour to doing this breath hold thing, if I had cracked early it would be a whole show about how depressed
I am. So, I figured I'm better off just fighting and staying there until I black out, at least then they can pull me out and take care of me and all that. Similarly, when you put motor output on movement
output, it's extremely noisy. There's an extraordinary woman named Clare Boothe Luce. And in this epoch, which extends from late in the first year of life to death; it's actually doing this under behavioral
control. IM: I feel like it needs to be a little closer down here. This is Evangelina Etienne from Massachusetts. Three: this is a good road in -- right near where our factory is located. And if there's one
branch that is broken, then very quickly, because of the nodes of crossing -- Internet engineers maybe call them hot points -- there are alternative pathways for channeling nutrients and information. But
today a computer is no longer the world chess champion. But the effect of that presentation is, it appeals to sympathy. And I'm a very small part of this. it's long-term investments. So there is a connectivity,
and I have to understand that -- as part of the creation, as part of me being made in the image of God. I don't think that will happen soon. I mean, what's more likely: that extraterrestrial intelligences
or multi-dimensional beings travel across the vast distances of interstellar space to leave a crop circle in Farmer Bob's field in Puckerbrush, Kansas to promote skeptic.com, our webpage? Chris Anderson:
Thank you so much. That's incredible. The whole model of being Proctor and Gamble is always about average products for average people. The Virgo poster is a picture of a beautiful woman with long hair, sort
of lounging by some water, but the Libra poster is just a huge scale. Or listening to the same MP3 as 3,000 other people and dancing silently in a park, or bursting into song in a grocery store as part
of a spontaneous musical, or diving into the ocean in Coney Island wearing formal attire. My focus in recent years has kind of shifted more toward biology. Or start at the bottom, and say what outcomes do
we want, and then design a soundscape to have a desired effect. book,entertainment,history,literature,poetry,writing In 1980, Steve Jobs gave me that computer, which is Apple number 12, and it's still in
Kathmandu, and it's still working, and we ought to go get it and auction it off and make more money for Seva. When people talk about the need to increase global food production to feed those nine billion
people that are expected on the planet by 2050, I always think of these graphs. And so this has raised a bunch of problems for them when dealing with these sorts of issues. Together, they make up the largest
migration in history, and it is globalization, this chain that begins in a Chinese farming village and ends with iPhones in our pockets and Nikes on our feet and Coach handbags on our arms that has changed
the way these millions of people work and marry and live and think. Because as we've heard all week at TED, the world's getting to be a smaller place with more people in it who want more and more stuff. The
only thing is that it's liable to having its bluff called, and therefore can only work if it's credible. To make it credible, you must avenge all insults and settle all scores, which leads to the cycles
of bloody vendetta. They were singing and dancing. So now my wish is: I wish for you to stand up for what you care about by participating in a global art project, and together we'll turn the world inside
out. or hunger or disease. There I think that the arts and film can perhaps fill the gap, and simulation. One had to do with a friend of mine who had a breast cancer, had a small breast cancer detected --
had her lumpectomy in the town in which I lived. So as you turn around you're seeing different colors. A spectacular framework, inside of which you see, usually, extraordinary blue sky. But they have 40 genera
of parasites, and so we figured just one more parasite won't be too much of a problem. The people knew their God by His mighty acts. Always, we believed that change will spring from within, that change should
be a reconciliation with culture, cultural diversity, with our faith in our tradition and in our history, but at the same time, open to universal values, connected with the world, tolerant to the outside. And
I learned a key insight to character. I was real surprised. Everybody was grabbing something. And here was myself trying not to get wet, testing the sensors that open the water. All day he would ask many questions
to his boss to learn, to accumulate more and more knowledge, and at night, when no one was looking, he'd put his experience to practice. People are watching us all around," right? How do you make a change? So
they inhaled it, but they are not aware of it. And the thing is that the algorithms don't yet have the kind of embedded ethics that the editors did. Now, unfortunately, there are too many of you for me to
do the statistics properly. And then watch this whole river bank, and watch how precise the synchrony is. America is an empire. They started competing. At least for the people in the top. As you have been told,
I'm Bulgarian. It's like a video game obstacle course. And I've gotten better and better And you can see the vascular tree that remains intact. I went and got golf balls from golf courses. So does a site like
this have rules? The guy went up and started dickering, and 10 dollars later, we had four camels. I also realized I should have got infected when I was seven. What has changed our society has been wireless
devices. And then 80 percent of the world already eats insects, so we are just a minority -- in a country like the U.K., the USA, the Netherlands, anywhere. Watch it carefully. Over 25 years that has huge
long-run effects on the wealth of your nation. It can be anybody's game. And we'll begin to be able to do as Cody does, and actually be in touch with these incredible models, these elders that have been
here far, far longer than we have. And luckily there's a website for that called Mechanical Turk, which is a website where you can post tasks that you don't want to do yourself, such as "Please summarize
this text for me in six words." I don't understand the legs." She goes, "Mom, everyone can't do the splits." And I go, "I know, but the legs ..." and I'm probably like, "The legs get worked out." And she
goes, "But I just can't understand it." So I go, "You know, why don't we go on the Internet, and maybe we can see ... like on Wikipedia." arts,education,entertainment,performance And now along with that,
along with the experience of starting an enterprise, or running something -- and it doesn't have to be a business. And I thought, "Well, sir, I am not a strategist, nor am I specialist. I am merely a storyteller." And
what we found is it's 25 percent. There's obviously diversity. Huge numbers of things. DM: Every morning we have about 400 patients, maybe more or less. I believe, if Kennedy was alive today, he would be
asking statisticians such as myself to go out and find out He'd be asking us to redesign our national accounting system to be based upon such important things as social justice, sustainability and people's
well-being. If you're listening consciously, you can take control of the sound around you. So "Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer" -- you know it? And this whole process: "Okay you're done. I think of heaven as
a really comfortable cloud where I can just lie down with my belly down, like I was watching TV when I was a child, and my elbows up. And Hans made a point of saying, "Look, it's really important to have
a lot of data." Women sit at tables and men go from table to table, and there's a clock and a bell, and at five minutes, bingo, the conversation ends and the woman can decide whether to give her card or
her email address to the man for follow up. And this woman says, "My brother's never gotten a card, and I know exactly why. And it could potentially be something as important as tomato sauce, or in this
case, ketchup. It's a magical realist novel. Laurie Santos looks for the roots of human irrationality by watching the way our primate relatives make decisions. A clever series of experiments in "monkeynomics"
shows that some of the silly choices we make, monkeys make too. Third one: how do you top that? What's next? Okay, so what this tells us is that, contrary to the old adage, "monkey see, monkey do," the surprise
really is that all of the other animals really cannot do that -- at least not very much. It was my version of my grandfather's hours of the day alone in his library. And it reveals to us, suddenly, the crux
of the matter. Instead of shooting poachers dead like they were doing elsewhere in Africa, IRDNC has helped men reclaim their abilities to manage their peoples and their rights to own and manage wildlife. So
let's watch that. Nobody's ever seen it. And after the Berlin Wall fell, the Navy made these systems available to whale bio-acousticians to see what they could hear. Now, if you think about how our world
got so accelerated, the usual suspects rear their heads. They built a high-explosive propelled model. This is very significant. And in interactions with people, almost all the time, it is this kind of flexibility
that is required. I've often wondered, what is the evolutionary pressure that made our ancestors in the Veldt adapt and evolve to really enjoy pictures of galaxies when they didn't have any. A lot of her
research goes on in caves, which can get pretty dusty. And also, as you look away from the bridge, there's a divot on the left-hand side of the bank, and the river narrows. Thom Mayne on architecture as
connection Using rubble from destroyed homes to create new homes. He's the shaman of the Huaorani, and he said to us, you know, I'm an older man now; I'm getting tired, you know; I'm tired of spearing these
oil workers. I wish they would just go away. And I was -- I usually travel alone when I do my work, but I did this -- I hosted a program for Discovery, and when I went down with the team, I was quite concerned
about going in with a whole bunch of people, especially into the Huaorani, deep into the Huaorani tribe. Kiribati has frozen extracting activities at its current state while we raise the endowment. In fact,
we live on a mostly unexplored planet. Now, the sheer numbers of these hand axes shows that they can't have been made for butchering animals. But other teams we say, "Here's 15 euro. We broke down the old
institutions and brought liberty to the oppressed. So if we're somewhere in the Northern Hemisphere, look at what's happening to the ultraviolet radiation. So there are now nine women walking around Boston
with re-grown bladders, which is much more pleasant than walking around with a whole bunch of plastic bags for the rest of your life. So it uses its red bioluminescence like a sniper's scope to be able
to sneak up on animals that are blind to red light and be able to see them without being seen. So, some people are afraid of what I do. The organizers say that the villagers, upon seeing the story of Budrus
documented in a film, felt that there were indeed people following what they were doing, that people cared. And I said, "So what were you doing?" So we can do that here -- We can't keep feeding our kids pesticides
and herbicides and antibiotics and hormones. And I'm not saying you shouldn't mop up your water if you have cancer, After about three days, the bubbles will appear on the surface of the liquid. And I went
to visit Louise Bourgeoise, who's also still working, and I looked at her sink, which is really amazing, and left. And I'm going to tell you the Richard Feynman that I knew. The revelation of 9/11 is that
even if you are the most powerful nation on earth, nevertheless, those who inhabit that space can attack you even in your most iconic of cities one bright September morning. Buddhism,God,brain,culture,faith,global
issues,happiness,peace,photography,religion If it leaks -- Bilbao did not leak. I was so proud. This is a spa telephone. The idea is that it's become so difficult to have a private conversation anywhere Or,
frankly, for advertising with all kinds of products. If you were not Abu Azzam's daughter ... And I picked minimalist pieces because they're about specificity. And suddenly, the music took off. It took flight. You
need the experience. Well in the end, what we can also do: we use a lot of old newspapers to make caps. You have to pull things apart. And Ground Zero, despite all its difficulties, it's moving forward. Tragic
art, as it developed in the theaters of ancient Greece, in the fifth century B.C., was essentially an art form devoted to tracing how people fail, and also according them a level of sympathy, which ordinary
life would not necessarily accord them. We got to Khatanga. We either live inside Africa today, or in quite recent exile. One of the other things about the camel's beautiful design is that its penis points
backwards. You know, robots are even revolutionizing cat transportation. We've flown the Cassini Spacecraft by this moon now several times, flying closer and deeper into these jets, into the denser regions
of these jets, so that now we have come away with some And we have found that the organic compounds coming from this moon are in fact more complex than we previously reported. You'll have to tell me if
I'm going too fast for you. The important fact is, that most of the real estate that's accessible to us -- I'm not talking about the stars, I'm talking about the solar system, the stuff that's within reach
for spacecraft and within reach of our earthbound telescopes -- People were so empowered. What do you think the likelihood is that there'll be a pandemic? It's a scream for help, a last-ditch attempt for
escape, and a common form of defense in the deep sea. I think any wise life will accept, as I say, that there is going to be an element where we are not succeeding. Support investments with a triple-bottom-line
return. When methane built up, or carbon dioxide built up, or oxygen was diminished, the birds would swoon before people would -- so it acted as an early warning system: Hey, get out of the mine. Things
aren't going so well. What's also not often said about the space exploration, about the Apollo program, is the economic contribution it made. And there's not even statistics on Africa to know what is happening." So
what we are asking in the lab is, how can we leverage that power? I was told later, and also by lots of singers who were involved in this, that they sometimes recorded 50 or 60 different takes until they
got just the right take -- they uploaded it. It's taking an innocent stranger and treating them as a friend whom you welcome into your home in order to sow and create understanding, or respect, or love. And
the same divination system is found all over Africa. And the basic idea of kin selection is that, if an animal feels compassion for a close relative, and this compassion leads the animal to help the relative,
then, in the end, the compassion actually winds up helping the genes underlying the compassion itself. You know, it reminds me of that old saw in Hollywood, that a producer is anyone who knows a writer. I'm
talking here a little bit about display technologies. This is a campaign from the American Diabetes Association. And I felt the tears streaming down my face. And in Italian, "ghironda," okay? Hurdy-gurdy,
or wheel fiddle. What do I get there?" So, when you go to the temple, all you seek is an audience with God. And the answer is this thing. I'll get your ex-lover telling someone else, "Good morning." And even
those people who complain and say that the relative standing of countries on something like PISA is just an artifact of culture, of economic factors, of social issues, of homogeneity of societies, and
so on, these people must now concede that education improvement is possible. We also have been working with some scientists and engineers from UPenn to come up with a chemically actuated version of this
amoeba robot. We started by organizing image acquisition from magnetic resonance imaging machines and CT imaging machines from which to make a model of the patient's aorta. And I'm here to tell you, it's
wrong. But in any event, it's connectivity that leads to dependability. The hidden danger is heterocyclic amines -- specifically phenomethylimidazopyridine, or PhIP -- which is the immunogenic or carcinogenic
compound. It's a fond memory of times past. Ezra: I don’t remember. This is actually two of my favorites: the pin-board Thom Yorke and a LEGO Thom Yorke. And that's a problem. And if they had some infrastructure,
they have difficulty maintaining it. And in a saying of the Koran, which to Muslims is God speaking to humanity, God says to his prophet Muhammad -- whom we believe to be the last of a series of prophets,
beginning with Adam, including Noah, including Moses, including Abraham, including Jesus Christ, and ending with Muhammad -- that, "We have not sent you, O Muhammad, except as a 'rahmah,' except as a source
of compassion to humanity." Reminds me of another set of threes that my dad tried to get across to us. Some mad scientist is going to jab your arm with a needle and take four tubes of blood. Now the Americans
in the audience will know all about cup stacking. And I want to tell you why I feel so strongly about this. You can get a strong brand image or a message and put it out there like the Conservative Party
did earlier this year with their election poster. Those expert trackers have got to be part of the pack. And if we find that thing, maybe there is a big fat Nobel Prize out there. So I implore you to join
the Red Dress Campaign in this fundraising. And I've come to the belief -- this is my 12th year doing this research -- that vulnerability is our most accurate measurement of courage -- to be vulnerable,
to let ourselves be seen, to be honest. And she's actually figuring out how to make a collision-avoidance circuitry based on this very large neuron in the locust. That's what keeps the Sys Admin Force from
being a pussy force. Redwoods grow back into themselves as they expand into space, and this flying buttress is a limb shot out of that small trunk, going back into the main trunk and fusing with it. What
you're looking at is an incredible pipe organ of chemicals coming out of the ocean. On Tory Island, which is a strange place anyway, they were known as muldoons, and no one seems to know why. Warren: I am
not a golfer. Their strength: they're almost the strongest material, tensile strength material known. We're actually sharing tours of the universe with the first sub-Saharan planetarium in Ghana as well
as new libraries that have been built in the ghettos in Columbia and a high school in Cambodia. Our team, befittingly I think, named it after one of those dreamers of the Copernican time, and that telescope's
sole purpose is to go out, find the planets that orbit other stars in our galaxy, and tell us how often do planets like our own Earth happen to be out there. Now, I'm not a scientist, that'll be really
clear. I hope to arrive at new territories to discover sounds I have never heard before. If you're a woman, remember that. And that made so much of a difference in terms of the peace of mind that came with
that, we could focus on her recovery. I have always flushed easily, from physical exertion, from wine, from high emotion. Wait for the go. I'll say go. They kind of have a sixth sense like Superman's x-ray
vision. This linearity thing is a problem. And then we come up. Not until Look here You have China over there, you have India over there, and this is what has happened. You've also got flies, the size of
flies, that are being made by Robert Wood at Harvard. We decided that the one that most people could relate to because most people had been through was the job interview. We happen to get round to testing,
let's say, Newton's Law of Gravity about 300 years ago. But we need your help. I'd be like some kind of Internet genius, and me, I'd like to upgrade to deity and maybe just like that -- pop! -- I'd go wireless. I
believe that correctly using computers is the silver bullet for making math education work. I really related to what James was saying yesterday, because I'm behind the camera. It would make a very uplifting
world. And finally, to real life-changing applications, It's the result of very sustained and prolonged political activism that you get the right regulations, and that you get the right corporate behavior. In
my book I talked about the fact that 72 percent of people trust what other people say about a brand or a company, versus 15 percent on advertising. And we can track everything. They tell us what interactions
are allowed to happen. And indeed, the head of the Chambers of Commerce is now the chairman of the Studio Schools Trust and helping it, not just with big businesses, but small businesses all over the country. We
find beauty in something done well. There's all kinds of activity. I did it myself. Interesting, anyway, if you're a solid-state physicist. Now this is a MIDI arrangement of Rachmaninoff's Prelude. Disney,
10 or 15 years ago, right, the Disney -- the company that is probably best-known for family values out there, Disney bought the ABC network. Here's why: the speed of sound is not a constant. It's fairly
slow. We've been studying this thing they call the kinetochore for over a hundred years with intense study, and we're still just beginning to discover what it's all about. And now he's gone, and so am I.
Thank you very much. Many are dying because of all those kind of pandemics, You can see what crime is committed where, and you have the opportunity to hold your police force to account. That's not the important
point. The thing you have to remember is, these are eminent economists, some of the smartest people on the planet. Do you see the challenge? And the idea is you make eye glasses, and you adjust them yourself
and that solves the problem. They're not a big deal for us. Now what if we could achieve that historic two-percent growth for the next 70 years? And remember, it's frozen. Or you can whisper in the ear of
a supposed terrorist some Biblical verse. And when people start talking about privilege, they get paralyzed by shame. And she serves it that way time and time again, and if you quarrel with her, she will
say, "You know what? You're wrong! This is the best way it ought to be in this restaurant." You can't see it, but it's there." And especially if you regard these two as deep truths to live by and to inform
your life decisions, then they seem a little bit to conflict with each other. I couldn't even pull the covers off myself. They don't do their homework in front of the TV. That means that us terrestrials occupy
a minority. And if there were, I would have remembered that one." It also is the second most populated continent, with 900 million people. CB: -- the character itself could come into your world? We'd like
to get therapies better and more effective. More and more rules to protect us against an indifferent, uncaring set of institutions we have to deal with. What would you tell them?" These creatures are some
of the most immortal life forms on our planet, and they tend to spend most of their time in suspended animation. And in pretty much every system too, there's a hierarchy within the arts. And so what did
we find? Stick a flag there, leave it there, pretty soon it will drift off, usually towards Canada or Greenland. It can reach into millennia that have been buried, and return them in a just and unexpected
equity. So for instance, it was soap bubbles that helped us generate a building form that would work regardless of the final ground levels. Finally, I said, "Why am I clapping?" And my score on the Narcissism
Personality Index, or the NPI-16, is a reassuring 0.31. BL: These worms live in a real temperature extreme. Many of us think that compassion drains us, but I promise you it is something that truly enlivens
us. -- that's right. So I'm actually an instructor at MIT as well as CIT. So the question is: Can we shrink fat by cutting off its blood supply? The history of our world is these decisions. My father was educated
in Cork, in the University of Cork, in the '50s. We're using a biological amplifier to amplify these nerve signals -- muscles. Snow lived near there, heard about the outbreak, and in this amazing act of
courage went directly into the belly of the beast because he thought an outbreak that concentrated could actually potentially end up convincing people that, in fact, the real menace of cholera was in the
water supply and not in the air. We are, each and every one, a part of the web of life. Female Voice: Long range laser scanning by sending out a pulse that's a laser beam of light. Now I don't know if anybody
knows who this is. It's been a long time coming, and I feel like I'm home. My view is that museums should take a leaf out of the book of religions. I could get them in a worse situation than they were already
in. It remains a rich topography of the spirit. Today, we've got great technology: we have GPS. Now, what I want to talk about are the supermassive black holes. They signed it, and to their chagrin, we came
back a week later, and we presented them this. Or take Korea, at the other end of the spectrum. Avoid it. Avoid it. Whoom. Kick it out of the way. Now the striking thing about this is that psychologists have
known this about the negative consequences of incentivizing everything We know that if you reward kids for drawing pictures, they stop caring about the drawing and care only about the reward. I remember
we cried profusely when the little goats we played with in the summer became biriani. So if you just imagined them all being part of some big, virtual documentation system in the sky, say on the Internet,
then life would be so much easier. And now he runs a cattle fodder store and a grain store near Agra. We need to cut the spigot of single-use and disposable plastics, which are entering the marine environment
every day on a global scale. How can a skilled worker compete with a $39 piece of software? The precision which we need to discover a Jupiter-like planet around a sun-like star is something like 28.4 meters
per second. because -- I don't know if you realize this, but -- until the iPhone came along, the carriers -- Verizon, AT&amp;T, Cingular -- held veto power over every aspect of every design of every phone. He
comes for a tummy rub, because he believes that will give me luck. When I started Parikrma I began with a great deal of arrogance of transforming the world. You have to hire them to spend a lot of time. And
they said, "Well let's work on newborn jaundice." If you're under 50 we want you to work four more years. So just don't leave it to the specialists and doctors and nurses. Everything I've shown you so far
-- whether it's a hyper-cello for Yo-Yo Ma or squeezy toy for a child -- the instruments stayed the same and are valuable for a certain class of person: a virtuoso, a child. And you see IDEO there. The stone
tools become much more finely crafted. Faux-nostalgia, which I'm sort of -- not, say, famous for, but I work an awful lot in it. It's the achingly sentimental yearning for times that never happened. He said,
well, you can go back to Clinch Mountain, where I'm from, or Asheville or Mount Airy, North Carolina -- some place that has a lot of music. I started writing on a computer back in the 1970s when one of
the first Atech systems was installed at the Chicago Sun-Times. So if we would run the video -- But the real key question I'm sure that's on your mind: where's the hydrogen going to come from? Remember that,
that's the core definition: It's perfectly fine. So it's a little bit like Microsoft Kinect, where you interact with gestures in the world. And you're through this room in a split second, and the building
will sort of reflect that. And this problem is: where are the plants? But what was stranger still -- and even I realized it at the time, as a nine-year-old child -- was that they stopped at all. You're making
a lot of money off that little ball. It's my hope that, by going to find these organisms, that I can help draw attention to their remarkable resilience and help play a part in insuring their continued longevity
into the foreseeable future. They're pretty cool. JH: The observation is, Philip has been accused of looking like a character, an avatar, in Second Life. So I'm a doctor, but I kind of slipped sideways into
research, and now I'm an epidemiologist. This is a commercial application of my most recent work. And that little dome in there is a building by Stanley Tigerman. I don't know about you, it takes me 15 minutes
to change a plug. They spring from the same source. And what you don't see in this picture is that somewhere between these riders there, there's a teenager sitting on a rock, saying, "I'm not moving from
here. Forget it. This scenario, of this civilization, was about becoming powerful, intelligent, like this idea we have invented, this concept of God. I want you to notice two things from this curve. It's
loud, clear -- you can hear it very clearly. You blow in and out ... But we were forced to play it by an 8-1 margin. I knew that there was a completely other story being told, and I was thinking, how are
people supposed to communicate with each other when they're getting completely different messages and nobody knows what the other's being told? Watch what happens to the women. Watch what happens to the
men. And he was slapping the stewardess and pinching her as she went by, and everybody was upset with him. the delivery of services on the ground, you should use whatever works -- churches, NGOs, local communities,
whatever works. But not just that, they actually banned money. And when I complained to my grandmother, a World War II veteran who worked in film for 50 years and who supported me from the age of 13, that
I was terrified that if I turned down a plum assignment at ABC for a fellowship overseas, I would never ever, ever find another job, she said, "Kiddo, I'm going to tell you two things. And we get rid of
Anatotitan. My first satisfying sculpture was made in collaboration with these fishermen. Now, the rate is still too high -- still too many people unnecessarily losing their lives. And nobody minds that.
We actively welcome it. EB: The inside doesn't get very hot. Marcus: Because I do what I like? Three, four, five, six. Then I calculate -- yeah, good. Twenty-two people are graduating, and all 22 are going
to college. So she's stunned that he's standing in a subway station. But there is another class of ideas: the rules that govern how we interact with each other; In the last 20 years, people have realized
that science has a tremendous amount to do with food. Use of freshwater. And here we've broken the 500 apartments up into small neighborhoods, and differentiated those neighborhoods. It doesn't matter whether
it writes about politics or about science. This is an image from our first patient. But when it's something other than water, and their water habitat changes, they don't have many options. And from then on,
since I was now in this huge exciting world, I wanted to explore it all. I wanted it all at once, but knew I couldn't really get that. Because, while Sheila never said no, she also never said yes. Every
object in the opera comes alive and is a gigantic music instrument, like this chandelier. It takes up the whole stage. It looks like a chandelier, but it's actually a robotic music instrument. This was
a remarkable place, at a remarkable time. And in fact, if you see oil-rich countries, where citizens are not yet empowered, the same thing goes -- Nigeria, Saudi Arabia, all sorts of countries. This is a
country that indeed has gone through a very, very interesting modernization. You're having a heart attack. What are you going to do? Thank you. All right. SB: Yeah, I don't think that's accurate, and I think
probably because animals have taught us that. So, tiny, tiny, tiny solutions that made a huge amount of impact. These tables were calculated using a fixed procedure over and over by part-time workers known
as -- and this is amazing -- computers, but these calculations were really difficult. They're training their little kids to be soldiers for Jesus. One, two, one, two, three, four. Three years ago, she entered
the Novocure lung cancer trial. Some of you have this. And it's sex-linked. It needs an extremely well-trained anesthesiologist with years of training with complex machines to help her monitor the flows
of the gas and keep her patients safe and anesthetized throughout the surgery. I guarantee you, General Tso never saw a stalk of broccoli in his life -- and indeed, that actually was a picture of General
Tso. But there is a very curious pattern in the rest of the 20th century, because we see a sharp decline in this Islamic modernist line. And Brendan Boyle, Rich Crandall -- and on the far right is, I think,
a person who will be in cahoots with George Smoot for a Nobel Prize -- Stuart Thompson, in neuroscience. Corals are very delicate organisms, And it pains me that I can't tell you all that we have learned
with Cassini. I can't show you all the beautiful pictures that we've taken in the last two and a half years, because I simply don't have the time. And that's what we did. That has been achieved after two
years of work. More is bad. And you can feel that because it's thicker at that edge. And that's exactly what they do. If you understand the difference between 'the world' and 'my world,' you understand the
difference between logos and mythos. See if you can see those waves propagating through the swarm. And this turns out to be useful. He rewired it. He invented it. AM: So, these are the sprint legs, and I can
put my other... if we have a wall of windowpanes and one pane is cracked, we go, "Oh, dear. That's cracked. Let's repair it. Some people will bury themselves in work, grateful for the distraction. A key revolution
is that we're understanding our own biology in these information terms. But geckos do it better. Adam Grosser: So 29 years ago, I had this thermo teacher who talked about absorption and refrigeration. What
the polio eradication program is trying to do is to kill the virus itself that causes polio everywhere on Earth. as they flew over land without clearing the rights of the farms below as they traveled across
the country? Last time, I talked about death and dying. The applications in a general sense could be anything that's anti-wetting. I don't want opinions; I want knowledge. They said yes, When you get in the
Skycar -- and I can tell you, there's only one other person that's flown it, but he had the same sensation -- you really feel like you're being lifted up by a magic carpet, without any vibration whatsoever.
The sensation is unbelievable. There are about 120, you see them here. And that could explain the difference between an original and a forgery. In order to win this symmetrical object, what you have to do
is to answer the question I asked you at the beginning. And I thought it was worth a chance, he thought it was worth a chance, and so we got up on the stage, and we had an hour conversation about his life,
and after that a woman rushed up to me, essentially did, and she said, "Where did you train as a doctor?" Boris Nikolayevich says, "It's not for sale." Americans are about 50/50, whether they're Democrats
or Republicans. you know, why do people spend these crazy amounts of money, not only on wine but on lots of things, and are they living a better life than me? So, the nature of the building is that it looks
at looking -- I mean that's its primary objective, both its program and its architectural conceit. They don't have to be in the office at a certain time, or any time. We had the bursting of the tech bubble. So
we saw how genetic information is carried. "Moon is one with God. So, you know, it puts the teacher into a tough bind, you have to think. "I jump 'em from other writers but I arrange 'em my own way." I think
this is mostly what we do. It's your major artery, and it was severed, so my blood was gurgling out of my mouth. and when you eat it, the weight matters -- And how do they differ from the rest of us? The wise
old woman thought about their problem for a long time, and finally she came back and said, "Well, I don't know if I can help you, but at least, if you want, you can have my camel." Actually the fact that
art cannot change things makes it a neutral place for exchanges and discussions, and then enables you to change the world. water level is right up to this. but I think he was using design thinking to solve
problems and to create world-changing innovations. If you spin these rotors at the same speed, If you increase the speed of each of these rotors, then the robot flies up, it accelerates up. But I fear --
and I'm very grateful to all of them for what they are trying to do on the continent -- but I'm also worried. I wake up with a gnawing in my belly And I now find that bedtime stories used to be a box on
my to-do list, something that I dreaded, because it was so slow and I had to get through it quickly. So the take-home message here is, do you want to sell it? Put a brain on it. And I say this rhetorically,
because of course by just about any standard we would have to concede that this is, of course, a piece of music, but I put this here now because, just to set it in your brains for the moment, because we're
going to return to this question. It's about a traditional way of living. that that software is able to ask both parties for mutual consents, "Would you be willing to meet your third cousin?" Because the
kind of choice you might want to give to a leader, a choice like giving the president the choice to raise prices on electricity, takes away a choice that people in the economy want. But what we're going
to focus on is this red region -- I've labeled it red here -- and it's the interface between the dynamic scaffolding and the chromosomes. And so that sets up for making access to get goods and services
more convenient and less costly in many cases than owning them. I made popcorn. Actually, I burned one, so I made two. After all, I'm one of the green guys: I grew up with hippie parents in a log cabin. We
feel compelled to tell them. You can do a glamorized picture of an airplane, but not the inside. People worry about overpopulation; they say, "Well, if we fix aging, no one's going to die to speak of, or
at least the death toll is going to be much lower, only from crossing St. Giles carelessly. If you wanted to read in 1875 at night, you needed to have an oil or a gas lamp. I know you've never heard of him,
but just mark this day that someday you will hear of him, because he's really an amazing man." I would never have been that adventurous before I started my 30-day challenges. There are now studies clearly
showing that the wars are terrible, that rapes are terrible, but this is not the driving force for the high levels in Africa. Take, therefore, what modern technology is capable of: the power of our moral
sense allied to the power of communications and our ability to organize internationally. But what struck me is the understanding that in those little pieces was the culmination of a man’s life, search,
thought, everything -- just in a reduced, small version. we are acted upon as well as acting; I felt like I was a vessel of the future of humanity. two weeks later. Four feet. Nothing larger than the sum of
her figurative parts. There are a hundred times more people who die in a conflict in Africa than in the Middle East. Some of us are sitting there safe and sound in gigantic private yachts. politics is about
your side winning at all costs. And he explained to me how in 2003 and 2004 he would go on sprees in New York, taking out $10,000 from an ATM here, $30,000 from an ATM there, using cloned credit cards. You
know, it's pretty to look at for a while, but then it dies. The surgeon was on call and scrubbed in. These are animals whose lineage dates back about 100 million years. where it's so much easier to report
now than it is to consume it. And that is the fact that space itself is expanding. it rotates to that, checks if it got there and then passes it to its neighbor. And one of the great experts in this field,
of course, was, bless him, Cardinal Wolsey. Be very careful what you get into people's heads because it's virtually impossible to shift it afterwards, right? And we went in, pretending to be buyers. Are
there any people here under the age of 25? We're now working on some work where we're trying to tile the brain with recording elements too. So quite often you load water for ballast. If they're wearing a
lap-and-shoulder belt, in this raw data, 19.4 percent die. And interestingly, wearing a lap-only seatbelt, 16.7 percent die. And actually, the theory tells you that the lap-only seatbelt's got to be worse
than the lap-and-shoulder belt. And that just reminds you that when you deal with raw data, there are hundreds of confounding variables that may be getting in the way. Yeah, a lot of you got it. I would
submit to you that all of these things are not only possible, they're being done right now, and that it's a darn good thing. They know how to bring it back, and they know how to bring it back because they
have demystified one big myth, which is the myth of spontaneity, which is that it's just going to fall from heaven while you're folding the laundry like a deus ex machina, and in fact they understood that
whatever is going to just happen in a long-term relationship already has. And so while other kids were BBM-ing their parents, I was literally waiting by the mailbox to get a letter from home to see how
the weekend had gone, which was a little frustrating when Grandma was in the hospital, but I was just looking for some sort of scribble, some unkempt cursive from my mother. And these were the things she
thought we needed to commit to. We want our kids to realize most heroes are everyday people, and the heroic act is unusual. This is Joe Darby. It's got to come from us, and I see this process of deciding
democratically in a bottom-up fashion what the world wants to work on together as one vital means by which we can crowdsource the force to really build that constituency that's going to reinvigorate global
governance in the 21st century. Because the one advantage we have in the wilderness -- again, it's not our fangs and our claws and our speed -- the only thing we do really, really well is sweat. The Large
Hadron Collider, a particle physics accelerator, that we'll be turning on later this year. We were once just as certain that the world was flat. Other parts of the world have been hit by storms in even more
devastating ways. You had these scenes of entire families dying over the course of 48 hours of cholera, alone in their one-room apartments, in their little flats. Perhaps it was the crutches, but it seemed
-- -- it seemed as though she might want to talk to me again. But nevertheless, there's no real sense of separation from me in my heart, in terms of the love that I feel for these people. So this is altogether
really, really interesting. Aydah Al Jahnani also took risks and put herself out, to compete in the Poet of the Millions competition. I mean -- this is heresy, what I'm about to say -- but what if it's really
safety third? You're getting better, but it's hard. Why is it hard? Water lilies were among the first. It's nothing we had to do about this. However, the record holder landed just shy of the eight-foot mark,
which is impressive. SS: Can you tell about who designed your other legs? If, of course, that were true, there would be no innovation, and nobody could make any money. These are expressions of truth as awe-full
things, by meaning they are things you can worship. The nuclear envelope breaks down. By now I know you're dying to know what it is and where you can get one. And if you ask these people why they work on
liquid metal battery, their answer would hearken back to President Kennedy's remarks at Rice University in 1962 when he said -- and I'm taking liberties here -- "We choose to work on grid-level storage,
not because it is easy, but because it is hard." So this is the evolution of the liquid metal battery. It turns out your hospitals are killing people, and they should be at home. How many people here are
over the age of 48? And this is the weight of all air and land vertebrates. Well, they do change in strength. AM: Yes, well, you know, I'd won everything as far as the disabled meets -- everything I competed
in -- and, you know, training in Georgetown and knowing that I was going to have to get used to seeing the backs of all these women's shirts -- you know, I'm running against the next Flo-Jo -- and they're
all looking at me like, "Hmm, what's, you know, what's going on here?" As I moved through, I achieved a very reasonable facsimile of the Maltese Falcon. But again, I am not a sculptor, and so I don't know
a lot of the tricks, like, I don't know how my friend Mike gets beautiful, shiny surfaces with his Sculpey; I certainly wasn't able to get it. So what you see here is a subtraction of areas in which there's
more brain activity when you're playing people compared to playing the computer. So that's a way to get basic services scaled up. And so it's sort of a mini well. We spend long days ... It's such a rare disease,
it would be hard for a company to justify spending hundreds of millions of dollars to generate a drug. and then family planning. Family size is decreasing. All parties, all factions in society, backed this. It's
as though you're moving an electrical wire through a magnetic field that generates current. And so computation is some very powerful way to reduce the number of molecules you need to build something, to
reduce the size of the genome that you're building. Other ones have a focus on health care, tourism, engineering and other fields. Again, what this does and what it focuses on is saying there are two very
different ways that we can deal with HIV/AIDS. Now, our environment is inundated with evidence. Mainstream art, cinema, has been used across the world to talk about social issues. and I would tell them to
look for their names, their family names, their mother's maiden name. You see, this was only a few years after the supposed flying saucer crash at Roswell, New Mexico. Not for God, not for country, not for
profit -- just as a basic metric for global decision-making. Please raise your hand right now if you're willing to admit that all four of these are national problems. The four corners of the world are watching,
so travel daughter, travel. She cashed in the CDs, she gave away the stocks and the certificates. The Life Box -- you're gonna be getting a DVD of the TED conference -- you add soil, you add water, you have
mycorrhizal and endophytic fungi as well as spores, like of the Agarikon mushroom. And then the six figures came together again, like a concertina. What's interesting also is -- note that Netflix was founded
in 1999. Probably not, but people like me do. It has to be able to come off of the centerline and then be able to work back toward that centerline. Africa,business,development,global issues,investment,medicine,philanthropy,poverty,women And
this is just the same. So let me show you a few objects. The next show that I'm going to work on -- and I've been bugging a lot of you about this here -- is about the relationship between design and science. and
then it was a new pattern of policing. The key to surviving a nuclear blast is getting out, and not going into harm's way. If you want to lower your risk of Parkinson’s disease, caffeine is protective to
some extent; nobody knows why. Here you see planks sold by the foot and we have supplies to combat scurvy. We have the peg legs there, that are all handmade and fitted to you. Up at the top, you see the
eyepatch display, which is the black column there for everyday use for your eyepatch, and then you have the pastel and other colors for stepping out at night -- special occasions, bar mitzvahs and whatever. But
there's a big difference, which is that it only happens within the colony. And for some reason that day, instead, I asked myself a question, and it was, where does this stuff go? And the cod are there because
they are feeding on all the copepods and amphipods. And then something remarkable happened in '99. Perhaps you have a computer scientist who's a genius. Michelle Kaufman has pioneered new ways of thinking
about environmental architecture. We know from our work around the continent that transaction costs of reaching the market, and the risks of transacting in rural, agriculture markets, are extremely high. Give
him some money." But Mahmoud and his son were already there. sleep deprivation has become a virility symbol. It was the liberalization of international financial markets. CA: Preston, from your point of view,
I mean, you invented this like 20 years ago, right? Currently, they're using a method of trial and error, but this could tell you precisely what disease you have. We're going to try and follow it up. The
golf clubs were owned by John F. Kennedy and sold for three-quarters of a million dollars at auction. Anil Gupta: India's hidden hotbeds of invention They tell me how much you care ... I'm so used to that. And
obviously he never came down. The statement was never made. Newspaper archive goes back to 1759, 58.1 million newspaper pages. If only one in 100 of those pages had an un-dictionaried word on it, it would
be an entire other OED. Objectivity basically is constructed in that same S&amp;M way. But they probably don't think of these opinions as expertise. CA: And finally, does this new thing that you're proposing
AB: Well, one thing that we're all very suspicious of It doesn't need it. It was short-lived. This can all seem very sinister. Democracy matters because it reflects an idea of equality and an idea of liberty.
It reflects an idea of dignity, the dignity of the individual, the idea that each individual should have an equal vote, an equal say, in the formation of their government. And ultimately -- and here's a
picture of our bone marrow transplant survivors, who come together for a reunion each year at Stanford. just by spinning this around. We think that if and when the animals meet certain criteria concerning
their health, behavior, inferred origin and whatever we know about the natural populations, then technically responsible releases are possible, both for the well-being of the individual, and for the conservation
of the species and their ecosystems, because we will be returning genes for these populations -- which could be important for them in facing environmental challenges -- and also we could be returning potential
seed dispersers, predators, preys, etc. So, we have a way of turning sand into sandstone, and then creating these habitable spaces inside of the desert dunes. Everything had to be larger. The next painting
was even bigger. you enjoy your family life inside. The other thing that happens is that you have a second self. So, this is quantum locking -- actually locking -- three-dimensional locking of the superconductor. It's
very important to learn that math is a great way to do that. But it has its limitations. And with Al's blessing, we decided on the spot to turn it into a film, because we felt that we could get the message
out there far more quickly than having Al go around the world, speaking to audiences of 100 or 200 at a time. It's better than a new monitor. It's better than new software, or whatever people typically
use. So if you want to unmask a true look of happiness, you will look for this expression. But it also had to do with something rather unusual, and that was this horrible little building that they'd been
performing in. It's a remarkable thing. Now, how can you have a deep tan and have no wrinkles? And what's happened? I mean, the question here is, here we are, arguably the most intelligent being that's ever
walked planet Earth, with this extraordinary brain, capable of the kind of technology that is so well illustrated by these TED Conferences, Now we're going to fly through it at warp a million. I'm doing
yoga and tai chi to improve my balance, so that when I start to lose it, I'll still be able to be mobile. The textile industry is another one we often think of when we hear about slave labor. But if you
break a gourd, you cannot simply throw it away, because every stroke of that stick that has built up that calcium, the measure of a man's life, has a thought behind it. They can debate it. They can write
it on a piece of paper. We only remember what we want to. At least I do. Thousands of people around the country who could give his presentation for him, because he can't be in 100 or 200 or 500 cities in
each night. When I asked, "Who is that?" we then shape that material, and we then use those cells to coat that material one layer at a time -- very much like baking a layer cake, if you will. We knew it had
to be something which had no needles, no pricking, so it would have adoption, it would not have medical waste, It had to be simple enough for that woman ASHA worker to use. There was a young intern at Ogilvy
Canada called Hunter Somerville, who was working in improv in Toronto, and got a part-time job in advertising, and was given the job of advertising Shreddies. The first time it was a C-section. This was
the new India, wasn't it? This was the new world, where you can source from anywhere as long as you get the best product at the best price. You have a responsibility to the world, to the state, to them,
to take care of them right. And then when we look at religions, we can see that the Eastern religions, indeed there's not one single country with a majority of that religion that has more than three children. This
troubles me. is by copying the ancient Amazon Indians who made good agricultural soil by pyrolizing, smoldering, plant waste, People with spinal cord injuries, will often develop a very, very sensitive area
right above the level of their injury, wherever that is. Internet,computers,crime,global issues,technology In fact, in the last 10 years, the number of patients requiring an organ has doubled, while in the
same time, the actual number of transplants has barely gone up. I don't really want people listening in to my calls." Chris Anderson: Thank you, Leslie, that was an insight that a lot of us haven't had before. EM:
Right, so the big innovation— CA: In fact, let's roll that video and you can talk us through it, what's happening here. Make it easy and give a kilo of lentils, you multiply immunization rate by six. The
vaccine will probably be useless. And that's the story that I told a couple of years ago in my book, "The Journey of Man," and a film that we made with the same title. that was loving. And I fiercely love
my children, and they love me back." We thought, well what if we could sort of do behavior modifications, just make these bacteria so they can't talk, they can't count, and they don't know to launch virulence. Our
reality right now is less interesting than the story we're going to tell about it later. But when you think about it, your friends are long-term adventures, and therefore, perhaps the most significant thing
you can do to add more years to your life, and life to your years. Thank you very much. From all outward appearances, John had everything going for him. JN: So you don't want to hear everything that's out
there? So where do we go from here? And I knew she wouldn't want me to go get them, so I just did it anyway. African narratives in the West, they proliferate. Not so for Nelson. He wasn't rich enough, and
not so for his three-year-old son, who he discovered a year later also had HIV. No time, unfortunately, to mention those." So we're likely to end up with a very strong change in people's attitudes, and of
course that has enormous implications. And so, I implore everyone here: Think differently. Come up with new ideas. And we proved the concept, more or less. I spend a lot of time on the road. And I can see
their point, because I started my career as a theoretical nuclear physicist. We really felt like what we went in expecting had nothing to do with what we were actually experiencing, and so we decided we
really wanted to give it to parents straight. Something that's so unbelievably simple -- but he would be experiencing something that I wouldn't be, because I'm on top of the sound. In fact," he says, "as
a staff, we joke that every single episode of our show has the same crypto-theme. My guess is that the cost of installing this in the lift in the Lydmar Hotel in Stockholm is probably 500 to 1,000 pounds
max. "Make this world a better place, if you can. Can we use them? It postulates a vast and rapidly growing number of universes existing in parallel -- mutually undetectable except through the narrow porthole
of quantum mechanical experiments. When asked, "What words and images do you associate with choice?" This down here, if the camera can see that, that is a small antenna. Each work that I make is comprised
of three segments. These petals cost about a dollar each -- they're lightweight, injection molded plastic, aluminized. So that's the Flickr photo, that's our imagery. But both of these two embarrassing examples,
I think, don't highlight what I think is most embarrassing about the mistakes that humans make, which is that we'd like to think that the mistakes we make are really just the result of a couple bad apples
or a couple really sort of FAIL Blog-worthy decisions. In fact, I see it more as a spiral. Here's the thing, everybody loves a beautiful baby. She did "Cats" and "Phantom of the Opera." She's wonderful. I
used to be on the board of the Royal Ballet in England, as you can see. If you are a Republican, you can take a Democrat to lunch, or if you're a Democrat, think of it as taking a Republican to lunch. And
we keep on doing that, slice after slice. We express these things mathematically. Jack Valenti, who was the head lobbyist for the Motion Picture Association of America, once likened the ferocious video cassette
recorder to Jack the Ripper and poor, helpless Hollywood to a woman at home alone. They took the eggs and the milk out of the powder. So that's where we get our nitrogen from. The ice is always moving, breaking
up, drifting around, refreezing, so the scenery that I saw for nearly 3 months was unique to me. No one else will ever, could ever, possibly see the views, the vistas, that I saw for 10 weeks. Tyler DeWitt:
Hey science teachers -- make it fun I think we all have that feeling. One illustration of the transformational power of technology is in Kibera. And in this meeting -- it went on for weeks in the press, two
weeks where there was huge discussion. She stands with 10,000 arms, and in every hand, there is an instrument of liberation, and in the palm of every hand, there are eyes, and these are the eyes of wisdom. But
I really do think it makes sense, and I think that the first step to world peace is for people to meet each other. They feel exactly what you feel at the same time that you feel it. Anyway, this is the way
the numbers unfolded. In London, for instance, where the BAE got away with a huge corruption case, which the Serious Fraud Office tried to prosecute, 100 million British pounds, every year for ten years,
to one particular official of one particular friendly country, who then bought for 44 billion pounds of military equipment. Okay, try this. Bring it back. So when they spoke into it, the computer typed out
gibberish, so they said, "Well, it doesn't understand anything of what we are saying." Well, you see self-organizing patterns that spontaneously occur in this board game. But of course, that only works when
we have both of these components. So out went the green scrubs and in came the polyester and floral prints. "And, baby," I'll tell her, don't keep your nose up in the air like that. There was no food, just
little rice. Yes, the inequality goes in this direction, or I would posit it. I think it's about having to be prepared as communities, not as individuals -- being prepared as nation, being prepared as state,
being prepared as town. and that's because the Indus script is undeciphered. I mean, thousands of dollars, lots of man hours made to make this eight-foot robot. The comments began pouring in, Well, there are
many theories. And as a result of the association, I'm now a director of the Mellon Financial Corporation that bought Dreyfus. And this is what I saw, lots of fish. And you're waiting for your girl. That's
a fantastic way to be, but it does tend to leave you waking up crying at three o'clock in the morning. And then the story is that Barroso, the president of the European Commission, went to God and he asked,
he said, "When will we get a recovery of global growth?" They're being put out about two hours -- the communities that have been around for literally hundreds of years, or maybe even thousands of years,
are being broken up and spread across in the suburban areas outside of Shanghai. But these are a whole series of guys holding out in this reconstruction of Shanghai. are made out of recycled World Bank
reports. So, he or she sits down, animates it, and tries to anticipate what's going to happen, and then these particular animations are just played back at appropriate times in the computer game. She does
it by telling a story to people who want to hear it. and the first day it was going to be used, even Grandma was invited to see the machine. This was really fascinating because this gave that quantitation
about all the different phases of sleep. Only the wealth of our minds is, not the very fact that we have a self that we can refer to our own existence, and that we have any sense of person. One of the most
dramatic manifestations of these improvements will be moving from population pyramids to what we might term population coffins. And here is a little bit of the technology that's involved in that. And he
was there, Tito Puente. It's cruel to offer him a job knowing that he's going to fail." The rocket engine begins. The only problem with this plan is that it's not possible. With these words, thank you very
much. So, in fact, our proclamation is going to parliament next month. But really, you're just bored. You want to talk to somebody else. This is what's called a hydrothermal vent. And it's a remarkable map.
It's in the National Archives here in Kew. There we go, the automobile. You shoot a nuclear weapon at this thing, you have to blow it up within a few milliseconds of tolerance or else you'll just miss it. Don't
walk out at night! And we’re only just beginning to grasp it. The theory of anti-access, area-denial asymmetrical strategies -- gobbledygook that we sell to Congress, because if we just told them we can
kick anybody's asses they wouldn't buy us all the stuff we want. We like to celebrate each other's successes in life. It's going to drive these things from view. The cost has come down by half every year. He's
called André Pannison, and he basically took the Twitter conversation in Tahrir Square on the day that Hosni Mubarak would eventually resign, and the dots you can see are retweets, so when someone retweets
a message, a connection is made between two dots, and the more times that message is retweeted by other people, the more you get to see these nodes, these connections being made. because the hurdle for
success is trust. There is lots of showing off. And the weather can change as they're putting together this whole assembly. So of course, how could you make money in charity if charity was your penance for
making money? And so I came up with the idea of the living self-portrait series. And we know this because the first treatise on the astrolabe, the first technical manual in the English language, was written
by Geoffrey Chaucer. to his little Lewis, his 11-year-old son. But you see a very clear trend. We can also use cymatics as a beautiful natural art form. But here's the way it works. And the only ones that
look interesting to me are the ones that look slightly mistaken, of course, or very, very surprising. I've looked for innovation cycles in space; I found none. Everybody goes, I'm happy. Thank you once again. That
there are ideas that all of us are enthralled to, which we simply take for granted as the natural order of things, the way things are. and she looks at her child with a sense of pride, but she also wonders,
what price will she pay? There's not an animal on this planet that will copulate with anything that comes along. The green movement significantly inspired the world. And then you got the unknown unknowns,
those are the things we don't know we don't know." On my seventeenth birthday, as Janis Ian would best say, I learned the truth at 17. It's open source. We live a very traditional lifestyle. Everyone wants
an AIMS center in their country. Well, avatars are a way to express our true selves, our most heroic, idealized version of who we might become. It's not very challenging any more. The REM sleep, rapid eye
movement, dream state, is in light green; People will send you donations when you're in that condition. Or do we want to focus on equity and accept mediocrity? I was still interested in this question of how
do you take bandages off burn patients. It's almost, "Do your homework," -- And you cannot do parachute reporting -- just jump into a country for two days and think that you've done your homework and a
story. It's kind of like a whole built town. And at least until they're 23, we're still popping those worms into those little open mouths. And all the way along the glacier we saw these big pools of melting
ice. Humans, without fins: 90 meters, 3.5 minutes. And I doubt anybody in this room could really hold their breath for 3.5 minutes. And this isn't something that you can quantify or track or measure, and
we tend to undervalue things in society that we can't measure. This very whale right here could be over 250 years old. But these bad projects, which were absolutely damaging -- for the economy for many generations,
for the environment, for thousands of families who had to be resettled -- they were suddenly put together by consortia of banks, of supplier agencies, of insurance agencies -- like in Germany, Hermes,
and so on -- and they came back very, very quickly, driven by an unholy alliance between the powerful elites in the countries there and the suppliers from the North. He would know where things would fit
in the sky. Someone who has seen the death of a single child now has nothing to lose. And sometimes things are okay. He makes enough money, just by running ads, to support his family up in Oregon. So we call
this a piece of emotional engineering that uses up-to-the-minute 17th century technology -- to turn nouns into verbs. We turned off the lights, and then we put it in a vacuum and sucked out all the air,
and then we cooled it down to just a fraction of a degree above absolute zero. Or is it celebrity status? with a lot of ideas. It starts very young. It continues into our sex lives Child number two comes
back but looks like that over their shoulder all the time. This was due to a fundamental difference in our ideas about choice. It allows us to test things as an entrepreneur, to go to market, to be in conversation
with people, listen, refine something and go back. So, this deck is bought here. Sorry. You have no time for projected ideas. On the top left, underneath those green stripes, you see some white dots -- those
are actually individual pineapple plants that you can see from space. Going to scratch his nose. And Ghana was not paying enough attention. Good news, good news: Chariot's coming. Aparna Rao: High-tech art And
that certainly is going in the right direction. I'm not sure this is an improvement, or a good idea, because, like, if you don't spend quite enough time in front of your computer, you can now get a plate
in the keyboard, so there's no more faking it -- that you don't really sit at your desk all day and eat and work anyway. Now there's a plate, and it would be really, really convenient to get a piece of
pizza, then type a little bit, then ... Five kids had emotional breakdowns. You can probably tell Frank Gehry and I come from the same town. And we can do it with other things. And I am thankful. Next time
you catch yourself in the act of otherizing, that will be your clue. They said, "No. Now that would give you an unfair advantage." And so it doesn't take all of us. Look at the eyes. Today, this young woman
is me, a Nobel laureate. Consider for a moment this quote by Leduc, a hundred years ago, considering a kind of synthetic biology: "The synthesis of life, should it ever occur, will not be the sensational
discovery which we usually associate with the idea." That's his first statement. So if we actually create life in the laboratories, it's probably not going to impact our lives at all. CO Kids With Brain
Injury. You don't look in the eyes of a carrot seed quite in the way you do a panda bear, but it's very important diversity. It was a psychiatrist. He loved sailing. Let me make three important predictions
-- you can check this out, time will tell. AB: 594. Let's give three of them a nice round of applause there. In other words -- feel sympathy, rather than contempt. Okay, seriously, HIV is actually not that
easy to transmit sexually. Throughout humankind's history, we've driven species after species extinct: the passenger pigeon, the Eastern cougar, the dodo ... But now, says Stewart Brand, we have the technology
to bring back species that humanity wiped out. So -- should we? Which ones? He asks a big question whose answer is closer than you may think. There is an entertainment software industry which is extremely
deft at coming up with appealing products that you can't resist. but both lose, of course, because they don't get what they want. Now, when I talk about the northeast monsoon season, I'm sure many of you
here know exactly what I mean, but perhaps some of you are not quite so sure. Bringing them to life, bringing them to light. It's a marker of empathy. It's a marker of accommodation. We're all going to eventually,
even in the developed world, going to have to lose everything that we love. It was the sense of efficacy. And this is: How do you make a teacher great? And one of the most beautiful descriptions I've come
across in this research of how minds interpenetrate was written by a great theorist and scientist named Douglas Hofstadter at the University of Indiana. 20 years ago, Bonnier, Swedish publisher, started
to set newspapers in the former Soviet Bloc. Over 50 percent of managers are women these days, and in the 15 professions projected to grow the most in the next decade, all but two of them are dominated
by women. I don't need a husband who wants to be." Anyway, as I plunged through my 20s ever more aware of how unobtainable the first part of my childhood ambition was, it was that second part, being able
to successfully communicate to others whatever knowledge I was gaining, where the futility of my quest really set in. Africa,activism,entertainment,live music,music,short talk,singer,women Cellist Maya Beiser
plays a gorgeous eight-part modern etude with seven copies of herself, and segues into a meditative music/video hybrid -- using tech to create endless possibilities for transformative sound. Music is Steve
Reich's "Cello Counterpoint," with video from Bill Morrison, then David Lang's "World to Come," with video by Irit Batsry. seekers who are going off by themselves alone to the wilderness where they then
have profound epiphanies and revelations that they then bring back to the rest of the community. But to be a great photojournalist, you have to have more than just one or two great photographs in you. Every
single thing which you have learned in the past 23 years of swimming, Every single thing which you learned when you were serving in the British army, you put that to one side. To insist that they choose
independently might actually compromise both their performance and their relationships. Andrew Stanton: The clues to a great story This is exactly what happens in your body. And they said, "These kids are
misled." Sendhil Mullainathan: Solving social problems with a nudge What good is more going to do? I thought it looked kind of a little bit like the Moon, which is sort of interesting. This photo: this woman,
man, I feel her. So he asked us if we could actually imagine an urban master plan on an island outside the capital that would recreate the silhouette of the seven most significant mountains So we took the
commission. All these parameters go into the comfort feeling of our human body, and scientists have developed a parameter, which is the perceived temperature, where all these parameters go in and help designers
to understand which is the driving parameter that I feel comfort or that I don't feel comfort. And there was an interaction between diplomacy and the power coming bottom-up. This is a moose. Perfect, excellent. I
think anyone who has stepped foot on this land -- not to mention all Mexican people -- will agree that it's not difficult to love Mexico. For example, this Opel two-seater does 155 miles an hour at 94 miles
a gallon. Please be excited, have fun, yell, scream. So the bones were moved from the cemeteries into the quarries, making them into the catacombs. an inspirational man, one of my early allies in Huntington,
West Virginia. At the lower end of the scale, you find a rigid sequence, a sequence of all A's, and you also find a computer program, in this case in the language Fortran, which obeys really strict rules. Research
into kids' behavior actually suggests that it’s worth taking role-playing seriously. there are lots of other things that plants can do to reproduce. And you know what it feels like: all of that uncertainty
while you’re left out in the hallway while the docs are dealing with some more urgent case in one of the emergency rooms, wondering what the heck’s going on. Why would you choose rats? And so, you wind up
most easily extending compassion to friends and allies. Eli Pariser: Beware online "filter bubbles" All right, good. We're treating cancer almost like it's an infectious disease. There were puffs under the
little colorless eyes with creases running from them." Peter Haas: Haiti's disaster of engineering When you look at the people who co-signed on the SOPA bill, people who've co-signed on PIPA, what you see
is that they have cumulatively received millions and millions of dollars from the traditional media industries. You formulate a recipe based upon the factors you can control, whether it be the skills or
the fertilizer or the plant choice. Well, if you think that the rustle in the grass is a dangerous predator and it turns out it's just the wind, you've made an error in cognition, made a Type I error, false
positive. So they call us out and, you know -- "Ladies, you have one minute." And I remember putting my blocks in and just feeling horrified because there was just this murmur coming over the crowd, like,
the ones who are close enough to the starting line to see. Skylar Tibbits: Can we make things that make themselves? And each level of conflict requires a different allocation of resources, a different approach,
a different organizational model. Okay, you simply wouldn't. I think there's a great homogenizing force that software imposes on people and limits the way they think about what's possible on the computer. And
while this is not my first visit to the U.K., I have to say that I am glad that this is my first official visit. a giant hole in the ground with big buildings falling into it. And the birds on the floor
tend to have lower pitched calls, so that they don't get distorted when they bounce off the forest floor. Yet each pales to insignificance with the completion of that magnificent accomplishment of twenty-first-century
technology, the Digital Superhighway. That's what they thought they had built it for. And so high expectations have to do with curiosity and encouraging young people to be curious. I even met one of them
and she was just about my size. Now after sporulation, the spores repel. But now let's look at the other end. In the video you saw that nine-pound or eight-pound Pointer airplane surveillance drone that
Keenan has developed and just done a remarkable job. Where some have servos that have gotten down to, oh, 18 or 25 grams, his weigh one-third of a gram. And what he's going to bring out here is a surveillance
drone that weighs about 2 ounces -- that includes the video camera, the batteries that run it, the telemetry, the receiver and so on. And we'll fly it, we hope, with the same success that we had last night
when we did the practice. Emmanuel? Absolutely. It isn't always quite that simple, but there's a distinction between specialized roles for males and females. But they react to foreground sounds. You'll hear
that in a second. We have the androids that are inspired by man. So, somehow, for nearly two million years, we are killing animals without any weapons. But what about this day, this one particular Friday? And
perhaps most important of all, it is unsustainable because of climate change, resource depletion and species destruction. And those are the neural structures. And that's what we've found in practice, and
that's what the history of journalism is. During 41 years of teaching biology at Harvard, I watched sadly as bright students turned away from the possibility of a scientific career or even from taking non-required
courses in science because they were afraid of failure. Of course, if the robot were tilted, inclined to the horizontal, then it would accelerate in this direction. And I really haven't gotten off it. I
think if you had told me when I was younger that I was going to grow up, and be in shoe stores, and people were going to scream out, "There she is, the Vagina Lady!" It's two weeks into the genocide at
that time, but of course, at that time you don't know how long it's going to last. And before you can borrow the money, you need to be trained. They were saying, "This is explicitly intended to give police
an option between shouting and shooting. art,creativity,design,illusion Here, we've got a protocell to extract carbon dioxide out of the atmosphere and turn it into carbonate. So now, on the following movie
you will see that I'm much better in flying a wingsuit Enjoy, and thank you very much. OK, so let me not forget my punchline. Miklos: Stay away from me. And if you look, you'll see that there's only one way
you can score three. A scuffle ensues and you get stabbed with one of your own arrowheads. Here's another really bad one. Is it virus-sized? Is it smaller than that? So if there's any way that you can avoid,
like, avert your eyes, that would be a good thing. Because Sony Music had registered Chris Brown's video in our Content ID system, within seconds of attempting to upload the video, the copy was detected,
giving Sony the choice of what to do next. arts,brain,culture Rules and incentives -- "sticks" and "carrots." Now, that played itself out in the World Cup campaign. Again, the Republicans here, this shouldn't
be partisan. We were four of us, not one, and fortunately no boys. So, looking for answers, I went to Catholic mass. Why I am not getting [any]? When you first start this and you bring in a flock of animals,
it's desert. What do they eat? How does that part work? But if we go to 2029, we really have the full maturity of these trends, and you have to appreciate how many turns of the screw in terms of generations
of technology, which are getting faster and faster, we'll have at that point. He had to come in like a truck, a semi, with this thing." Fine. We don't want a lasting environmental impact. Well, I think the
first thing is that it reminds us just how resourceful people were, our forebears were, years and years ago. We compiled all the information about where the Native Americans were, the Lenape. And we built
a probability map about where they might have been. So the theory is that he's having some immunological reaction to what's going on to the food essentially, and that's a natural reaction, which causes
some programmed cell death. So, the 3.2 billion base pairs inside each of your cells is really a history of where you've been for the past billion years. We're going to look at the mid-ocean ridge, a 40,000-mile
long mountain range. In the next mode, Rezero is passive, and we can move him around. And I often am like, you know, dude, today I'm out. I got nothing. You know? We have, from the time we are slapped on
the butt until we take our last dying breath -- that's when we're newborn to when we're dead -- we cannot reduce our metabolic rate below what's called a standard, or basal metabolic rate. Let me close
with another short story. And then I spent a lot of time in the space of interactive graphics and things like this, and I stopped doing it because my students at MIT got so much better than myself, so I
had to hang up my mouse. And of course, I was only interested in the math, so the whole time, he kept shaking his head going, "You know, I didn't learn it this way." But I had to sleep with a kola nut next
to my bed, buried in sand, and give seven coins to seven lepers and so on. And electric fields are not magnetism. Police corruption. A man named Peano did define such curves, and it became an object of extraordinary
interest. So if we start with books, you know, sort of where are we? It's a means to an end, not an end in itself, and automation allows us to have that machinery. The other problem is they're right in the
ozone layer, and I'd prefer them above the ozone layer. And it had a live feed with a 24-hour offset, so you could see the changing relationship and some demographic info coming through AT&amp;T's data
and revealing itself. David Binder is a major Broadway producer, but last summer he found himself in a small Australian neighborhood, watching locals dance and perform on their lawns -- and loving it. He
shows us the new face of arts festivals, which break the boundary between audience and performer and help cities express themselves. And we wanted to take advantage of Moore's Law with electronic controls
and software, and we absolutely wanted our car to be connected. There's a Toyota Forerunner on the street in all these places. In terms of dress, denim is perhaps the perfect example of something which replaces
material value with symbolic value. And now he's going to do what DARPA asked me for. like Wikipedia, it develops over a long period of time. So, Microsoft -- this is a project that -- WorldWide Telescope
is dedicated to Jim Gray, who's our colleague, and a lot of his work that he did is really what makes this project possible. They walk up with me. Every year all the money in the bank goes to their broker. Most
of this is in developing countries, and the majority is in Africa. And in fact, that's true of every ancient city. that go across every single country they have never loved teaching so much, measured by
third parties -- not by us -- skyrockets. Very importantly, we put it in education. And what he really wanted was something by Vermeer. This tendency to compare to the past is causing people to pass up the
better deal. In other words, a good deal that used to be a great deal is not nearly as good as an awful deal that was once a horrible deal. Looking at what we're doing today with these machines that we
have, we can, just in a few seconds, get 24,000 images out of a body, and that would correspond to about 20 gigabytes of data, or 800 phone books, and the pile would then be 200 meters of phone books. In
this case, because the experiment I'm going to tell you about uses them, these are Monet prints. and the other is a macro-molecular nanoscale porosity in the material. With orgasm you get a spike of dopamine. You
know, I don’t like talking about the Atkins diet, but I get asked about it every day, and so I just thought I’d spend a few minutes on that. What they didn't tell us is that some carbs are better than others,
and that plants and whole grains should be supplanting eating junk food. In fact, they demolish Taqi al-Din's observatory, because it's considered blasphemous to inquire into the mind of God. In total, they
weigh 103.7 kilograms. But LISA could see the final stages of two super-massive black holes earlier in the universe's history, the last 15 minutes before they fall together. The bad news is that eliminating
motivations seems to be incredibly easy, and if we don't think about it carefully, we might overdo it. But there's a little secret. It wasn't flying microbes. And none of those problems could I have dealt
with, but I have a really bright research team. But I will end by saying that millions of years ago, we evolved three basic drives: the sex drive, romantic love and attachment to a long-term partner. The
goal is to meet the cities' institutional demands senior centers, schools, daycare centers, and produce a network of regional jobs, as well. JA: Here is my TED Prize wish: I wish that you'll help to create
and document a special training program for 50 gifted young musicians, passionate about their art and social justice, and dedicated to bringing El Sistema to the United States and other countries. If you're
not at the right reading level at third grade, you are a candidate for jail at age 18, and we have the highest incarceration rate because we're not getting our kids the proper start in life. We started
from those stars; we are made of stardust. And then you can superglue little numbers on them. Of course being an iconic city like New York, that has had an interest in somehow playing around with the sense
of space, you could say that New York wants to seem as big as possible. Jeff and Jason there, are scientists who are going to take a tuna and put it in the equivalent of a treadmill, a flume. So the vantage
point you take determines virtually everything that you will see. ZK: Now, our next technology is actually a 10-foot pole, and I have it right here in my pocket. or your mind can be wired to be more social. Women
had a whole different set of value shifts. So when I was little, my dad would sit me down at night and he would say, "I'm going to teach you about time and space in the future." And I said, "Great." And
he said one day, "What's the shortest distance between two points?" And I said, "Well, that's a straight line. You told me that yesterday." I thought I was very clever. I share the goals of the speakers
you heard before. The story starts in Kenya in December of 2007, when there was a disputed presidential election, Here Panbanisha uses scissors, instead of her hands, to groom Nyota. It has that sense of
going up and away, and yet you never think about how you would really trip if you were -- particularly going down. Oh yeah, that's easier said than done. Now, another great designer -- he's very well known
in Japan -- Shigeo Fukuda. And he just builds some fantastic things. This is simply amazing. This is a pile of junk that when you view it from one particular angle, you see its reflection in the mirror
as a perfect piano. There is something that made it that way. They're helping each other do it. And I said, "Well, what color do you want to paint it?" And they said, "Well, you choose." And I said, "No,
no, I'm learning to listen. You choose. It's your bakery, your street, your country -- not mine." Celebrate them. And these fossils still breathe. Because the breast has become are very political organ. Please
welcome Amanda Kitts. Connexions and open content is all about sharing knowledge. And his answer was yes. The goal is to protect biodiversity, to provide stability and resilience. There are entrepreneurs in
the Netherlands that produce them, and one of them is here in the audience, And what I've spent 15 years doing in this business -- and it's taken me almost 14 to figure it out -- is I think about the future
of wars in the context of everything else. You look at your X-rays on a screen and you do stuff with them, you email them. But we were still using X-rays, but we didn't even have a viewing box! We had a
whole choice of inappropriate names for her. But we had parents who said, "Okay, making our children good human beings is all very well, but what about math and science and English? in particular, it lets
you find hemozoin. Can't be true, can it? She said, "No, because we've got hope now. So what I did hear, once in a while, was that people wanted a loan -- I thought that sounded very reasonable and really
exciting. I think right now the discussion is a very closed discussion on the master plan. This is the Mediterranean coast with no fish, bare rock and lots of sea urchins that like to eat the algae. We go
back down. It's going to go up and down. And it's because of people like my colleague, Rick Wilson, at the Genome Institute at Washington University, who decided to take a look at this woman postmortem. So,
the interface with cognitive science, And it weighs 300 pounds and you can't skydive in it. We've had good enough, really, very powerful effects with kids around the world, and now people of all ages, using
Hyperscore. Andrea is one. And it was -- the paradox is that you're in freezing cold water, but actually you're on fire. "Aah, ha, oh, he just crossed over the top of my head about, oh, I don’t know, just
so close." Take the same mother, and the nurse, after she gives her her test, takes her to a room. It's what makes a child play a violin at home, while his father works in his carpentry. And finally, John
Belk said, "Do you know who's sitting here?" And the man said, "No, who?" He said, "It's Billy Graham, the preacher." That will be the challenge of the scholars, and of all of us engaged in thinking about
the future. This is a rule device. And on the back are some other devices, measuring tools and scales, to be able to make some calculations. Okay? The Brown administration, and a bunch of my friends, basically
leveled the energy efficiency of California, so it's the same now, 30 years later, even though our economy has gone up 80 percent, per capita. I was born on a farm, a farm that was more than 50 percent
rainforest [still]. Matthieu's brain scan shows that compassion is not a chore. And, indeed, once again we're moving forward to the kind of sexual expression that we probably saw on the grasslands of Africa
a million years ago, because this is the kind of sexual expression that we see in hunting and gathering societies today. Strange. The other thing is that just because you can't see me doesn't mean I'm going
to lie. It's common sense, but one important finding is that we lie for a reason. So while all that's going on, we're down in New Orleans and locations around the world. So, I didn't grow up in New York. At
the time, he was teaching classics at Trinity College in Dublin. and how we might do post-conflict recovery better. Well, it sounds like a pretty good idea, but this task, as Bruno mentioned, isn't an easy
one for two main reasons: First, the detection algorithms. Now in India's case I believe there are six ideas which are responsible for where it has come today. But they won't come to us directly through
light. You can see, in her case, she's wearing her transducer arrays, one of the front of her chest, one on the back, and then the second pair side-to-side over the liver. The active ingredient was dioxin,
an extremely toxic chemical that was sprayed in vast quantities, and whose effects passed through the genes to the next generation. And so the question becomes: how do we discharge that responsibility? At
a minimum the British banking plan showed that telecommuting can be helpful. Does it matter to the foragers what the nest maintenance workers are doing? We collide them inside giant detectors. And that's
what art is. Shame: I'm sorry. I am a mistake. So we're all back home. Referencing Steven Johnson's very lovely speech yesterday on where ideas come from, I was in the shower at the time -- I was alone. Because,
if that hypothesis were to be true, it would have massive repercussions in our understanding of what's causing the many different aspects of the autism phenotype. My left lung had collapsed when I was born. we
don't have to worry about other eggs or anything like that. It has to totally surrender. And as you bring these things together, as you bring cells, biological tissue engineering and mechanics together,
you begin to get some really odd questions. and in his wonderful book, "Sustainable Energy," among other things, he says, "I'm not trying to be pro-nuclear. I'm just pro-arithmetic." And without giving you
too much of a tirade, I want to talk to you about an invention I brought with me today: my 44th invention. No, that's not true either. and the investment of those technologies and that infrastructure is
really our inheritance. Everything started breaking. I remember looking out of the window and seeing the second helicopter. And the reason you like it is because you've inherited, whether you knew it or not,
centuries-worth of changes in musical theory, practice and fashion. It does seem really hard to get consumers to do the right thing. I mean, in general, what's your philosophy? So I showed him this, and the
reaction I got was interesting. That's because these are the kinds of concepts that are not susceptible to easy representation. Do you believe the people who tell you that all we need to do is to spend money? But
you may not know that he tried to perform lobotomies in the brain, with focused ultrasound in the '50s. And the other thing about these guys is, they also know what they do for a living. And that old newspaper
saying, "If it bleeds it leads," is very true. And INSTEDD then becomes our mantra. And mostly I wanted to be the fifth member of Depeche Mode or Duran Duran. The first few years of the web were pretty much
video-free, for this reason: video files are huge; the web couldn't handle them. but she doesn't say that. No, she doesn't. Because I'm from Switzerland, and I just don't hope you think this is Swiss German
I'm speaking now here. This is just what it sounds like if we Swiss try to speak American. My micro story became a macro issue when I was prosecuted. And the audience for such a long time was in a position
where they didn't have any way of affecting news or making any change. They couldn't really connect. Growing living structures under an alien sky ... I feel that I've fitted in, in many ways, to some of
the things that I've heard. Natalie. We, uh... If there is only one machine, and our little handhelds and devices are actually just little windows into those machines, but that we're basically constructing
a single, global machine. I saw this happen in the army -- many people had fun doing plays. when we're finished manufacturing it in-house, we come at a price of about two dollars. Bess: As you wish, Majesty. Phil
Borges on endangered cultures I'll tell you that one of the things that I feel is really critical for us in industry, in business, is to be able to be passionate about solving these problems. I think this
is what we come with, at least a preparedness to learn all of these things. There was no particular day when anyone told me I would never speak again; it just sort of became obvious. What if we were to separate
out metals from waste streams, small amounts of metals in water? That's what microbes do; they chelate metals out of water. And I think that if the marketing were more aspirational, if we could focus as
a community on how far we've come and how amazing it would be to eradicate this disease, we could put polio fatigue and polio behind us. We can also include two more charges corresponding to the gravitational
force. And how many would not? How many would say he doesn't? Back to this spectrum. "Why did you throw away the shutters?" I asked him. Number one was asthma, number two was developmental delays, number three
was 400-fold increases in rare childhood cancers in the last eight to 10, 15 years. It becomes your eyes and ears as you venture into the deep. One, because playing Jeopardy is a great time. And the colors
here represent the motivation behind the money. And if you look at it over here, the main thing I wrote on my thumb was the future. And one of the reasons is, in South Africa, it costs 100 dollars a month
to have a broadband connectivity. This is a frog that tries to copulate with a goldfish. You know, an example of something -- pregnancy. If you save very little, the future self is unhappy living on 44 percent
of the income. They're always made from local chert. We need to be able to imagine going back and making a different choice, and then we need to be able to kind of spool this imaginary record forward and
imagine how things would be playing out in our present. And I do put power tools into the hands of second-graders. And it should not have escaped you that the reason I paired the prisoner with his arms out
with Leonardo da Vinci's ode to humanity is that that prisoner was mentally ill. I'd like to call for this little video clip to give you some idea of, sort of, what we face. Normally, we get asked a lot
of questions: "Well, how do you find fossils in areas that look like this?" And every single morning I appreciate life. Guitarist and singer Raul Midon plays "Everybody" and "Peace on Earth" during his 2007
set at TED. I always say Harlem is an interesting community because, unlike many other places, it thinks of itself in the past, present and the future simultaneously; no one speaks of it just in the now. The
people from London came up. Nobody knows the chain of command. or the ingenuity it took to design, choreograph, and stage "Cry." Since we are such a visual species, it's hard for us to really understand this,
so I'll use a mixture of figures and sounds and hope this can communicate it. Can you start to find the hot spots to see the discrepancies between someone's words and someone's actions? and what's the secret
to their marketing? And he got together with the Campbell's soup kitchen, and he made 45 varieties of spaghetti sauce. And he varied them according to every conceivable way that you can vary tomato sauce: It
is stupid that we use two tons of steel, glass and plastic You should always use a condom," and yet, in her relationship, she's not empowered -- what's going to happen? It's not an event, it's a process. A
new liberal arts that can support this action-oriented curriculum has begun to emerge. Now this struck me as -- I love to fix things. I wanted to fix this. Who studied some physics in university? And maybe,
if we want to be on surer footing, what we really want is a moral framework that will help guide us there, that will tell us what kinds of things are right and wrong in the first place, and how would we
know in a given situation what to do. Not simply to the flanks of the mountains, but to the very iced peaks which are the destiny of the pilgrims. It's also understanding. Four billion people, their incomes
are less then two dollars a day. It was a fairy tale, and then we retired. It has a flashlight, an LED flashlight. A greater distribution of the means of production, environmentally sound supply chains, and
a newly relevant DIY maker culture can hope to transcend artificial scarcity. And what I want to make sure of is, if we actually focus on problems, that we focus on the right ones. There are levels. There
are C. There are B. There is A. And he brings the watch center, into the robot's field of vision, points to it, gives it a motion cue, and the robot looks at the watch quite successfully. You take all of
the conflict, all of the chaos, all of the noise, and out of that comes this precise mathematical distribution of the way attacks are ordered in this conflict. But based on the actual -- you know, being
able to talk to them, and to see their records, this is what it looks like in terms of the wages. We call this the Muir Web. And if you zoom in on it it looks like this. And one of those I'd like to share
with you today. at how they would improvise novel solutions to novel problems -- problems that they hadn't anticipated. As I was walking out of his bedroom, he said, "Dad?" I went, "Yes, mate?" The main argument
against group selection that, well sure, it would be nice to have a group of cooperators, but as soon as you have a group of cooperators, they're just going to get taken over by free-riders, individuals
that are going to exploit the hard work of the others. Steven Pinker charts the decline of violence from Biblical times to the present, and argues that, though it may seem illogical and even obscene, given
Iraq and Darfur, we are living in the most peaceful time in our species' existence. Another three years. to liberty and not to banishment." This 15 percent rule is true no matter where you are on the planet
-- Japan, Chile, Portugal, Scotland, doesn't matter. We're reading the book of life. According to the Yadav family, the local court has been scheduling a case review since 2001, but a judge has never appeared. Run,
duck, play dead and hide. We have to do good buildings. And unlike all of the other animals, we are obsessed with trying to figure it out. We look at what's inside of the person, the bad apples. Then they
had to hang the clothes out to dry. it's been downloaded over half a million times. Well, he said, "Can't we try a course of electroshock therapy?" This kind of Arkansas, Tennessee, Oklahoma, West Virginia
region. And let me tell you, corn is in everything. I want to say that I think the powers that be know that empire-building is actually -- that feelings get in the way of empire-building. This robot is an
amoeba robot. And after we saw his slide show, it became clear that it was much more urgent. So they came up with this plan, this five-point stimulation plan for the sows. That can be generic manufacturers. he's
doing the stretch. The monkey is getting more detailed information from these surfaces. But the system only works through the participation of rights owners. And this plane, the model, BA146, which was run
by FAAM, normally flies 120 to 130 people. And the next behavior I'll show you of this animal just stunned us the first time that we saw it. We need to redefine what makes us secure It is not arming our
country It is not getting other countries to arm themselves to the teeth with the weapons that we produce It is using that money more rationally to make the countries of the world secure, to make the people
of the world secure. We are just taking five seconds. But the other thing is that we believe that if we see every day that the cup we're throwing away, it doesn't disappear, it's still somewhere on the planet. The
answer is: long-lived molecules, because if a short-lived molecule undergoes damage, but then the molecule is destroyed -- like by a protein being destroyed by proteolysis -- then the damage is gone, too. This
is the neurotypical child, and what you see is that the child is able to make cues of the dynamic information to predict where the ball is going to go. And we think this is species-specific, which means
that that could explain why we can't communicate across species. So I wanted to follow those. And he called it hypothesis-free science. Compassion is not defined in one form. Started out with my then four-year-old: It's
not something that is a bad thing and is vilified, which is what happens in a lot of society. Nowadays, the user is actually involved. Now, does this sound familiar? You say it. This is a cartoon of the structure
of phi X 174. And they adopted a very interesting approach to education, which was they were going to take me to a school that they can barely afford. So, for your next dinner over a great bottle of wine,
here's a few factoids for you. And he said, "Well, financial services." It's not telling you which way to put the slider, it's just reminding you that you are connected to and legally tied to this future
self. Technology in X-ray where it's life-size processed, apart from these large cargo-scanning machines, hasn't moved on enough for the quality of the image and the resolution to be good enough for what
I want to do with it, which is show my pictures big. So, state sponsor of terrorism, feature of the Cold War. In a quick reaction, which one looks odd? I was at a conference of 60,000 people in breast-imaging
last week in Chicago, and I was stunned that there was a heated debate as to whether we should be telling women what their breast density is. So Bhutan has this really wacky thing where they base most of
their high-level governmental decisions around the concept of gross national happiness instead of gross domestic product, and they've been doing this since the '70s. All right, you've all heard the term:
"He's a born surgeon." Let me tell you, surgeons are not born. You can Tweet your weight to your friends, and they can keep you in line. There's just a little bit of it sequenced. The whole family came to
settle in France in the '30s. The truth is that neither rules nor incentives are enough to do the job. So I'll describe the male-pattern heart attack first. You need to be really an incredible artist. and
it's right here. So I want to show you some cognitive illusions, or decision-making illusions, in the same way. And how is it possible that the volume of information can be processed that needs to in this
system? Secondly, I want to tell you how somebody like me came to be able to see the inner workings of a gang. We need a revolution because things aren't working; they're just not working. And we do know
that in domestic animals and others, when they're play deprived, they don't -- and rats also -- they don't develop a brain that is normal. And this links up with a lot of the other ideas that have been
talked about. CO2 as a building block. Now give us a punishment. Okay. And that's what I do with my furniture. But of course, the drama is, it clearly shows that incremental change is not an option. My characters
also drank a lot of ginger beer because the characters in the British books I read Never mind that I had no idea what ginger beer was. We can play the original in one ear, and a new recording in the other. A
three-digit number, sir, yes? Technical nutrition will be in an order of magnitude of biological nutrition. Nothing ventured, nothing gained. Man: Just arrest yourself, sergeant. Now, clearly we're not going
to put a couple of electrodes on his head and understand exactly what all of his thoughts are on the track. But the human innovation, the human problem still remains, and that's a great frontier that we
have left. We make something over here, and then we transplant it onto the site of the wound, and we try and get the two to take. Narrator: And Helios now begins the process of turning her back to the sun,
to maximize the power from her solar array. In fact, on that other side is the area, Tora Bora, the area where Osama bin Laden's supposed to be. This is the tribal area. One woman no longer believes love
will ever find her. Well, language, as a social interaction, has to satisfy two conditions. They are traced just by their known anatomical path along vasculature. And in this experiment here, what we did
was we forced them into a channel, and you can see he wasn't particularly forced into this particular channel, and we gradually displaced the beetle by 180 degrees until this individual ends up going in
exactly the opposite direction that it wanted to go in, in the first place. First independent newspaper in Slovakia. And then she set up a work detail list of who cleaned the orphanage on what day." And
he said, "She's telling me that I'm messy, and I have to clean up my room." Bathed in polarized light and cut in cross-section, this ancient ice reveals itself as a mosaic of colors, each one showing how
conditions at depth in the ice have affected this material at depths where pressures can reach a ton per square inch. The worst interview I ever did: William L. Shirer. Coming of age in those days made real
the concept that the free flow of information is absolutely vital for a free and dynamic society to function properly. And I think the biggest picture of all would take seriously the fact that so much of
our verbiage about abstract events is based on a concrete metaphor And the problem with escaping your day-to-day life is that you have to come home eventually. But as you can imagine, it's catching everything
else in its path as well. I got this email from him two years ago; he said, "I think I've got an answer to some of your questions." Make sure you keep your magic crayons handy, your Winky Dink crayons and
your erasing glove, because you'll be using them during the show to draw like that. I gave my speech, then went back out to the airport to fly back home. So you might want to have multiple robots This is
a picture of a recent experiment we did -- actually not so recent anymore -- in Sendai shortly after the earthquake. The second time was a procedure that involved local anesthesia. Well, some of us would
be eating those chocolates instead of passing them around, and instead of accumulating, they will just pass into our group here and not accumulate in any one group because they're absorbed by us. Now this
cortical folding presents a significant challenge for interpreting surface electrical impulses. And when we shone UV at them, or when we warmed them up to the same level as the lamps, but didn't actually
let the rays hit the skin, this didn't happen. Mao Tse-Tung eventually brought health to China, and then he died, and then Deng Xiaoping started this amazing move forward. And yet it's a skill that none
of us are taught. In a mangrove forest like this I have no idea. I was still stuck in the old world of a whole bunch of boffins sitting together in a room and issuing yet another arcane statement. Richard
Weller: Could the sun be good for your heart? You've had your back shoulder to shoulder with these guys that our politicians are desperate to relate to every four years, right?" but actually it was a complicated
web of seemingly disconnected ideas. So the challenges of education in this kind of place are not to learn the kings and queens of Kenya or Britain. Okay, you've got something? One more thing. As it happens,
the black minister did his job better than the white mayor, but that's neither here or there. And the recursion in some of these villages continues down into very tiny scales. People have often asked me
whether what I know about love has spoiled it for me. She got her toilet, and now she goes around all the other villages in India persuading other women to do the same thing. Or an aesthetic experience --
a sunset or a great piece of art. So the body's ability to balance angiogenesis, when it's working properly, prevents blood vessels from feeding cancers. We're going to reprogram the bacteria in your gut,
and we're going to make your poo smell like peppermint." Or maybe a relationship goes up in smoke because we haven't had the time, or the patience, or the tranquility, to be with the other person, to listen
to them. And what happened then was the sponsor gave revenues to Ecosia, and Ecosia is giving 80 percent of those revenues to a rainforest protection project. When I was a kid, we had a set of encyclopedias
at my house. And it turns out it's a more general case -- there's a lot of mistakes we do. I was like, "I know. That's what I've been trying to tell you guys all along. And even my mother -- I owe it to my
family. Now, to do that, we needed a set up, like a magician's trick. Let me show you how they work. Damon Horowitz teaches philosophy through the Prison University Project, bringing college-level classes
to inmates of San Quentin State Prison. In this powerful short talk, he tells the story of an encounter with right and wrong that quickly gets personal. And any nation that would become protectionist over
the next few years would deprive itself of the chance of getting the benefits of growth in the world economy. This is not insignificant. Only one in a thousand leatherback hatchlings will reach maturity. So
I may have forgotten to mention that my son is an only child. And we go back to the fossil record and we could try to detect how many of these have happened in the past. He instantly saw that I was the cause
of the commotion, and for the first time in my life, I was sent to the hall, and I thought, "Oh no, I'm doomed. Those tries were elaborate. We paid two to three times more than anybody else. In 1995, illegal
drugs were a $400 billion business, representing eight percent of world trade, roughly the same as gas and oil. The burden of all the household tasks usually falls on girls and younger siblings, The first
one I'm going to talk about is how to get from a relatively modest amount of life extension -- which I'm going to define as 30 years, applied to people who are already in middle-age when you start -- to
a point which can genuinely be called defeating aging. I knew two things after that meeting. We live longer. We have access to technology that would have seemed like science fiction just a few years ago. As
the highest military commander of The Netherlands, with troops stationed around the world, I'm really honored to be here today. And it opens up a map. And finally, there is no society anywhere in all the
world that is not changed except by its most exceptional. There are no controllers, no keyboards, or mice, or joysticks, or joypads. Yes, it could be attached to this, and yes, on a kilogram of propane,
you could drive from New York to Boston if you so choose. If you want to know more, just come have a look at our website. Thank you. In the end, if we test everyone by hand in exams, it's kind of hard to
get the curricula changed to a point where they can use computers during the semesters. That's how I went to school -- pretty much a government guy pointing a gun and told my father, "You have to make a
choice." Because we know we see needles, but people aren't familiar with the eye of a needle apart from putting a thread through it. And I swam through that night and into the next day. That's what defined
me. That was my bliss. It is printing. You put that on, you warm it a little bit, the wax prints through so it absorbs into the paper, and you end up with the device that you want. Chris Anderson: I loved
that talk. I think a lot of people here in the room would say that that expansion of -- that you were talking about, that Peter Singer talks about, is also driven by, just by technology, by greater visibility
of the other, and the sense that the world is therefore getting smaller. I mean, is that also a grain of truth? I never saw any poor man, any black. It makes for an exotic and chilly commute. I know where
you guys are coming from. Death unto apartheid!" And they'd say, "Well, because they want to survive." The highlight of the performance was at the end. There's a flip side to it. In studying stars like our
Sun, we've found that they go through periods of diminishment, when their total amount of energy that's expelled from them goes down by maybe one percent. Here we go. This amazing data allows us to drill
down and see what this drug is for -- 1,500 people on this drug, I think. Yes. just as there are no bad children. It's just that we don't need it anymore. It's outdated. And why is it that the Wright brothers
were able to figure out controlled, powered man flight when there were certainly other teams who were better qualified, better funded ... and they didn't achieve powered man flight, and the Wright brothers
beat them to it. So the amount of money online crime generates is significant. We also evaluate these people much more positively overall." I wanted to close with one story, which we think could potentially
be a clinical application. DH: Let's jump this way, though. Well, this is, again, it's just a ring, a steel ring with steel nuts. They toured the facility and were asked if there were any questions, and So,
what would happen if I showed up at a physics conference and said,"String theory is bogus. It doesn't resonate with me. It's not how I chose to view the universe at a small scale. So, those are the two
clips I'm going to show. So when I became Vulnerability TED, like an action figure -- like Ninja Barbie, but I'm Vulnerability TED -- I thought, I'm going to leave that shame stuff behind, because I spent
six years studying shame before I really started writing and talking about vulnerability. And don't just find another technologist friend; find somebody different than you. Now, we've offered this carrot,
as I say, we've dangled the carrot. The human being is compassion because what is our brain for? This means "mouse." What do you do with a shepherd's staff? Murray Gell-Mann: Well, I would guess that modern
language must be older than the cave paintings and cave engravings and cave sculptures and dance steps in the soft clay in the caves in Western Europe, in the Aurignacian Period some 35,000 years ago,
or earlier. As I'm reading more and more now, and following the story, there are some amazing things coming up in the biological sciences. And this is an x-ray picture of a real beetle, and a Swiss watch,
back from '88. You look at that -- what was true then is certainly true today. And I would see kids on the street corners, And here's one that shows the sort of current breakdown of the different religions. It
has the middle leg moving in synchrony with the front, and the hind leg on the other side. Sort of an alternating tripod, and they can negotiate obstacles just like the animal. And it's Monday morning,
and the news has just broken about this satellite that's now orbiting the planet. Well, it's a theory that tries to answer the question: what are the basic, fundamental, indivisible, uncuttable constituents
making up everything in the world around us? We saw when we're interacting, we're trying to show someone how to do something, we direct their visual attention. Without that mandate, they would be corrupt. And
I've summarized those things, for me personally, as three As. And he's gathering all biological information on one website. And theoretically, I suppose if we opt for a film where someone gets brutally murdered
or dies in a fiery car crash, we are more likely to walk out of that theater feeling like we've got it pretty good. However, the media is not telling us the whole truth. Obviously, here we have JFK with
that incredibly simple and powerful formulation, "Ask not what your country can do for you; ask what you can do for your country," an incredibly noble sentiment. For 50 years, people were sort of pooh-poohing
me because they could do it much, much easier. and politicians always talk about justice. The funny thing was, we had to break into the parking lot too, so we totally felt like we were legit in the whole
graf scene too. The street she lived on was unpaved, her flat, two cramped rooms and a fetid kitchen where she stalked and caught me. Some chose the pen. And she was hot. So it turns out -- I'm sort of getting
ahead of myself. It turns out, in the gang, when there's a war going on, that they actually pay the foot soldiers twice as much money. And it's almost like an ideological reaction, like the antibodies begin
to attack that person. And that is the migraine invention that we are talking about and that we are working on. This is the Etch-A-Sketch program -- the theme of EG 2008. I said, "Hey man, what is eBay?" EATWISE
-- Enlightened and Aware Teens Who Inspire Smart Eating. But they just don't seem to get through. We sent economists in the Soviet Union with privatization plans when it broke up, and what they really lacked
was social trust. The Brazilian company Semco Group famously lets employees set their own work schedules and even their salaries. and some of you'll be happy to know that it involves beer. communication,global
issues,language,news,technology,web This is the $Billion Dollar o-Gram, and this image arose out of frustration I had with the reporting of billion-dollar amounts in the press. It's the time in which the
big forms began to arise. So the conversation began at Bennington. And as a doctor, I know that once a disease progresses to an advanced stage, achieving a cure can be difficult, if not impossible. Well,
along comes Benjamin Franklin, and he comes close to convulsing himself with a bolt of electricity off the end of his kite. Wait for the light to stop the traffic. In the United States right now, a woman
named Judith Miller is in jail for not having given to a Federal Grand Jury her sources -- she's a reporter for the New York Times -- her sources, in a very abstract and hard-to-follow case. Clearly, there
are wrongs that need to be righted. It's the subject subjugating the object. That's getting closer. Imagine that orchestration. We have a function here -- I can tell the world, "Stay where you are." collaboration,entertainment,guitar,humor,short
talk,singer,storytelling I work in Morocco, in Turkey, in Mexico. And nobody knows if they really can live forever, or what keeps them from aging. I was just going to impose upon the powers that be, and measure
the speed of light. French parents were more likely to say things like, "Noah was here for so little time, but he taught us so much. A message written on a sticky note to my mom can come to an SMS, or maybe
a meeting reminder automatically syncs with my digital calendar -- a to-do list that automatically syncs with you. He actually has skeletor legs, I think, he's wearing there. I'm really, really excited to
be here today, because I'm about to show you some stuff that's just ready to come out of the lab, literally, and I'm really glad that you guys are going to be amongst the first to be able to see it in
person, because I really, really think this is going to change -- really change -- the way we interact with machines from this point on. And often, I'm driving in a taxi and I see a hole in a shirt, or
something that looks very interesting or pretty or functional in some way that I'd never seen happen before. Whether we sell, it doesn't make any difference whatsoever. The clarity of purpose is absolutely
critical. And the second is very counterintuitive -- you can get the best people in the world. And that is quite different from what I just showed you from Le Corbusier. But it's the living room. 300,000
broken hips per year; They kiss; they embrace; they hold hands. That, actually, was the easy part. But we need to get the government to work with all of the fast food purveyors and the restaurant industry, Soon,
we actually will be able to use stem cells to replace cells that are damaged or diseased. What kind of an idea is it to think about insisting that every family have a choice of several cities that are competing
to attract new residents? The other thing is to actually give you two solutions for the price of one; you get the big one and if you don't like that, how about the little one? In fact, so many different
points of resonance that it's going to be difficult to bring them all up, but I'll try to do my best. At Biomimicry Guild, which is my consulting company, we work with HOK Architects. We're looking at building
whole cities in their planning department. I can pan, zoom and rotate it effortlessly. Children: I'm the gingerbread man. Teacher: Well done. Very good ... Of course I can use this power for example for nice
spinning -- we call it "helicopter moves." MS: Right. We did a little bit of it here with 1,500 people in Long Beach, and we do it in a classroom at Harvard with about 1,000 students. who created a for-profit
community bank that encouraged bankers -- I know this is hard to believe -- encouraged bankers who worked there to do well by doing good for their low-income clients. But these are tricks around the margins.
I think in general you're battling a very fundamental human tendency, which is to say, "I'm here today, and so now is more important than later." CA: Dan, thank you. Members of the audience, that was a
fantastic session. Thank you. So you can see here in the lower level of the library the books and the objects. It was one of the most unequal co-authoring relationships ever -- -- but I was glad to be the
beneficiary of it. Now the novel took place on a university campus in Boston, so to me, it was normal that there be more international characters in it than Turkish characters, but I understood what my
critic was looking for. One, the perception of people, Now I, of course, thought, "Well this is American data," all categorized, much like George Carlin She would go into the city at night with about 20 girls,
look for work, and sometimes come back with a few shillings, Now my first professional encounter with deception is a little bit later than these guys, a couple thousand years. Shy but ambitious pig farmers,
however, can purchase a -- this is true -- a sow vibrator, that hangs on the sperm feeder tube to vibrate. You get to tell the story on Blake's behalf, on behalf of the people who got the shoes. It's a condition,
or it's a situation that leads to mortality. We also learned at this time that you could eat an oyster about the size of a dinner plate in the Gowanus Canal itself. In here you see a traditional 2D architectural
engineering drawing that's used for preservation, and of course we tell the stories through fly-throughs. And from these bedrooms and living rooms and garages, with cheap webcams, lies the world's great
dancers of tomorrow. And Korea also invests into long school days, which drives up costs further. That's a term that I coined a few years ago while I was thinking of how pressed we are together, and at the
same time how these small objects, like the Walkman first and then the iPod, create bubbles of space around us that enable us to have a metaphysical space that is much bigger than our physical space. That
means that the exchange will operate a trading system, which will initially start as an open outcry, because we don't think the country's ready for full electronic trading. And Anna said, "Because nobody
within cancer would look at it this way. There are as many different ways of being rational as there are human beings on the planet, and that's one of the glories of human existence. But he kept worrying
about it, and he worried about it so much that he got to the point where he thought the only thing he could do was leave a job he loved. In this video, again, my son is being traced out. And I find myself
now in the unlikely position of standing in front of all of you as a professional classical composer and conductor. On his own, he wrote these sentences. We think how we do it -- one night in bed, we're
pregnant, and then we're raising the most important thing in life, a child. So I don't like the way that they take the power away from you. We take a microscope slide. I worked at Philips Electronics in the
far-future design research lab, looking 20 years into the future. Because they don't need to talk to their own citizens. Can we have this kind of well-being while being sad? In a way, why not? There are no
prizes for telling us what the problems are, are there? We can go much further. The world presented me with options, and I took them. I would not have my new hip for TED2008. Or you can view it as an evolutionary
psychology kind of thing: A kind of induction, a kind of spread from person to person. Two millennia ago, those Greeks had some powerful insights. That Fall of 1969, the Whole Earth Catalog came out. What
you find in the United States is an injury every 20 seconds -- that's one and a half million every year -- stroke every 40 seconds, Alzheimer's disease, every 70 seconds somebody succumbs to that. And it
was really her strength, I believe, that became the kind of mudra and imprimatur that has been a guiding light in my life. This is not supposed to occur. Now, this simple equation, even for those of you
who don't like equations, is something that you're quite used to. How can we begin to understand it? So imagine a monkey sitting at a keyboard. Initially these holes were lone blemishes, and as the exhibition
continued the walls became increasingly perforated. "What's the story." Then we go into final shaping, "panning" -- which means putting the shaped loaf on a pan. That's a magnifier times 10. But let's look
more deeply, and as we do, what appears is the demons, the devils in the world. How much do you prefer a first-born son? She comes back three years later at age 42 with more ovarian cancer, more chemotherapy. Because
if you only have the Iranian passport, you're kind of limited to the countries you can go to with open arms, you know -- Syria, Venezuela, North Korea. You're not allowed to chart love. My God! What a bonding
exercise that was. But when we live in a denser community, suddenly what we find, of course, is that the things we need are close by. And about a week later, a friend of mine came to me and said, "Listen,
you've got to join choir. It is what makes you function; it is what makes every organism function. But this is just the point. And mother got time to read for me. The third step, following the second step,
is to create new mental habits. So get your Tevas on. Maybe I should clarify it. Started in corporate America, and I was absolutely convinced that it was just about the individual, that women and men would
have just the same opportunities. Tony learns about the ontologically promiscuous, the epistemologically anxious, the ethically dubious, the metaphysically ridiculous. I want to talk to the 58 patients down
here who are taking four milligrams a day. We brought inflation down from 28 percent to about 11 percent. We've gotten good at predicting and preparing for storms before they take innocent lives and cause
irreversible damage, but we still can't do that with water, and here's why. If you're in a classroom situation and somebody asks a question, the last thing you do is repeat what you just said. What this
demonstrates, I think, is how impressionable and vulnerable we are in the face of a story, particularly as children. It's like this. You trigger the spot. The dead guy, or gal, goes ... like that. This man
is supposed to represent a generic human being, That's what cities do. That's how they create value, is by slamming things together. Well, we found that as you look back in time, the universe gets hotter
and hotter, denser and denser, and simpler and simpler. And this really is a sobering picture upon realizing that we, humans, are in charge of life on earth; we're like the capricious Gods of old Greek
myths, kind of playing with life -- and not a great deal of wisdom injected into it. So what I want to do today is, first of all, talk about why we get stuck inside this feeling of being right. And they've
done it several times too. "Groundhog Day." I found out that in science and all its applications, what is crucial is not that technical ability, but it is imagination in all of its applications. BF: I thought
I had the hard part. OK. It's what we use a year. When the headlines rolled, what happened was, the marketers came calling. It depends on us taking the third side. As I started taking improv class at the Upright
Citizens Brigade Theater and meeting other creative people and other performers and comedians, I started amassing a mailing list of people who wanted to do these types of projects. So the first big question
is about control. and we're looking at taking this technology and applying it to whole human bodies. So I'm looking optimistically at our opportunities for creating a true, blue perspective for this beautiful
planet. But I tell you, if we lost our hearing, if anyone here suddenly lost your hearing, you would want perfect hearing back. and he made the following observation: that "just the way that we're analyzing
how language connects to events which provide common ground for language, that same idea we can take out of your home, Deb, and we can apply it to the world of public media." Every night he was enjoying
his work, he was staying late, he was perfecting this PowerPoint presentation. We talked about generating and using. It can be a school of design in Jerusalem that tries to find a better way to design gas
masks for people, We talk about ourselves as omnivores. And you can see, in some years over 60 percent of the fledglings were oiled. Jonathan Trent: Energy from floating algae pods Miracles are just events
that are extremely improbable. Every single color, dot, every single line, is a weather element. And this has spread just frictionlessly, organically, naturally. You can think of these as neighborhoods, as
distinctive as TriBeCa and the Upper East Side and Inwood -- that these are the forest and the wetlands and the marine communities, the beaches. And that guides him back to that location irrespective of
visual cues like whether his car's actually there. The high is the average of 103 scientific, peer-reviewed studies. But it turns out that unlocking the secrets in the information generated by modern experimental
technologies, a key part of that has to do with fairly sophisticated -- you'll be relieved to know that I do something useful in my day job, rather more sophisticated than the head-tail-head story -- but
quite sophisticated computer modelings and mathematical modelings and modern statistical techniques. Now that is less than a year old, in an operating room. By the middle of February, I found myself in Turin,
where enthusiastic crowds cheered when any of the 80 Olympic teams was in the street. And now what we've started to do in my lab is to put children into the brain scanner and ask what's going on in their
brain as they develop this ability to think about other people's thoughts. It's not just the children who are affected, though. This is a photograph I found lying in a gutter in New York City about 10 years
ago. At the same time, a civil war was taking place in El Salvador, and again, the civilian population was caught up in the conflict. This is what you're thinking as an Arab Muslim, as an Iraqi. And theory
has not played a role in any sort of grand way in the neurosciences. There's a problem: If you're not a food expert, and you've got tight budgets and it's getting tighter, then you can't be creative, you
can't duck and dive and write different things around things. And they need allies from their communities. Allies like the imam, allies like the father who now writes songs for a lesbian group in Croatia,
allies like the policeman who honored a taboo and backed away, allies like my father, who couldn't help his sister but has helped three daughters pursue their dreams. She is followed by her four children,
all of whom were killed in the Srebrenica massacre. It's called "All the Answers." People have used microscopes to look at the microbes that cover us, I know you're not paying attention to me, but ... But
it is essential for us to be a leader in this sphere, of course to restore our standing and our leadership in the world. And Rick is as a pagan god, which I thought was kind of appropriate, in a certain
way. The first was that these were no longer just temporary hits that the recession was giving men -- that this was reflecting a deeper underlying shift in our global economy. Well we tried and tried and
we couldn't really get anything else out of it. So the first one is in the brain. Moreover, we're afraid that technology has altered our very assumptions of cultural consumption. So it's about 6:30 now, suggests
that most of us should have lied. It's a physical structure in London, but covered with pixels. this found that sending a child out of area to a school that does have such a room, if you don't have one,
costs 90,000 pounds a year. And I think it's the reason that TV's so challenged. But when he actually had a University of Pittsburgh sweatshirt, cheating went down. And the upshot of all of that is that I
actually feel a lot happier, healthier, more productive than I ever have. And after I gave them statistics, they said, "Yes. Okay. You can use all the radio stations, television stations." When they come
back, they actually dump this oily ballast water into the ocean. And especially if we start to walk like those people did, right? In particular, when we asked them questions about sort of taboo but fairly
harmless sexual practices, just being reminded that they ought to wash their hands made them think that they were more morally wrong. But if we're just cutting that footprint from the whole thing and trying
to analyze it, you will miss the point because the actual journey happens between those footprints, and the footprints are nothing but passing time. All that we know that hundreds of men had used her brutally. and
this is a section of our proposal for a meat house, where you can see we use fatty cells as insulation, cilia for dealing with wind loads and sphincter muscles for the doors and windows. Diplomacy had failed
to stop the Germans. The Tarahumara had a different strategy. I was showing the film, and I remember being in Israel and getting it absolutely slaughtered by some guys having watched the film -- that it's
just a day of peace, it doesn't mean anything. It's our respect. That's what plumbers look like, right? I want to just briefly mention three reasons why my colleagues and I, in astronomy and in education,
are so excited about the WorldWide Telescope and why we think it's truly transformative. Indeed, mental illnesses are also very damaging to people's lives, but beyond just the burden of disease, let us
consider the absolute numbers. We thought if we could use our optical remote control to activate the cells of the Critic, we should be able, artificially, to nag the Actor into changing its policy. I said,
"I'd like to be a writer." You know, this is crazy. We do this all the time, even on an everyday level. When I went this morning to Larry Brilliant's TEDTalk prize -- his fabulous networks -- imagine if
there was an open-source mesh communications device that can be put into those networks, to make all that happen. And anybody on this side here? And that's what keeps Wikipedia afloat. Into this mix, people
like us, who are not in public office, have more power to do good than at any time in history, because more than half the world's people live under governments they voted in and can vote out. And the moon
is only two seconds away, so if you take a picture of the moon using ordinary light, it's the moon two seconds ago, and who cares. But it's much more connected to the Web. They wanted to be footballers before. It's
a very, very simple example, an easily stated question in probability, which every -- you're in good company -- everybody gets wrong. Now this other line of evidence is a really interesting one. As time
went on, we stopped our environmental programs. I mean, it dwarfs, dwarfs everything that is actually on our news agenda, and it's invisible. They're disappearing for the reasons that all of you in this
room know only too well. Well, of course, as soon as anybody did look, which was after about 20 years, when radio astronomy really took off. Because it turned out the universe is absolutely full of all
kinds of wonderful things radiating in the radio spectrum, much brighter than the Sun. And I said, "What's your name?" "Henry." And to do that, they need a Western education. This is five dangerous things. Two
different mythologies. So, where should we be putting the money? To suggest that in the interests of personal and human health Americans eat 50 percent less meat -- it's not enough of a cut, but it's a start. What
I'd like to leave you for are two prescriptions. I study how the brain processes It was finally being in my body. You can see that there is [a] scattering of X-rays on the teeth, the metal in the teeth. Now
they're saying the sea ice in the Arctic, the summertime extent is going to be gone in the next four to 10 years. Well, as in all hospitals, there was a resident assigned to my case. He was 27 years old,
and he would meet with me two or three times a week. So, we've become one of the hot, young jazz recording studios in the United States of America And so this microbial diversity differs between people,
and what people have been thinking about in the last 10, maybe 15 years is, maybe these microbes, this microbial cloud in and on us, and the variation between us, may be responsible for some of the health
and illness differences between us. But it didn't stop there. But this is why MBI is so potentially disruptive -- it's as accurate as MRI, it's far less complex to interpret, and it's a fraction of the cost. This
is one of the jackets you grew? And I went from what's called real numbers, which are points on a line, to imaginary, complex numbers, which are points on a plane, which is what one should do there, and
this shape came out. For this climate crisis, we assembled a network, really, of superstars, from policy activists to scientists and entrepreneurs and business leaders. Fifty or so of them. People who have
lived in the same location for a long period of time retain a connection to the place where they live that many of the rest of us have lost. Now, science indicates that, yes, we can achieve a prosperous
future within the safe operating space, collaborating on a global level, from local to global scale, in transformative options, which build resilience on a finite planet. There's interplay between them.
And, you know, you get amazing things. We don't know yet how to build a society which is environmentally sustainable, which is shareable with everybody on the planet, which promotes stability and democracy
and human rights, and which is achievable in the time-frame necessary to make it through the challenges we face. So we didn't use a radar; we built a black box that was looking for electrical signals, electronic
communication. OK, would you mind just standing over here for a moment? and he says to people in this rather unique way, "How does it feel to be free?" And this guy's on display downstairs, so take a look
if you get a chance. But there's lots of stuff. The regional branch managers are getting nervous. Well, you take that mouthful and you put it into Google. Of course, there's no page on the web which has answered
that question because nobody has asked that question before. No scientist could predict that in 2007, suddenly, what could be crossing a threshold. And I'd never fallen on it, never. You can't look her directly
in the eyes because she's kind of scary. because this is an economic crime. And those of you who haven't been there, you should go. But if I ask them, is the TED website going to go down? This is a device
of human making, and it landed in the outer solar system for the first time in human history. So after having tried to make it work in high school with the limited resources I had, I went to university,
met a few people, got it into practice, and we have a fully functioning product that's ready to go to the market. It's actually available on the market. It's too slow to get a picture of conditions on the
ground before they change, too expensive to implement in all the places that require testing. It makes me really feel that that civilization -- which, as I say, if you believe the scientific creation story,
has emerged purely as a result of the laws of physics, and a few hydrogen atoms -- then I think, to me anyway, it makes me feel incredibly valuable. But it's a hard process to do because, as you know, the
middle of a star is quite hot, almost by definition. And actually, in hot weather, I can just grow it outside. Frank Wilson had written a book called "The Hand." This," he wrote, "is the interrelated structure
of reality." That's what I try and show in my stand-up. There's good people everywhere. Methods, what did you do? Results, what was the observation? Agnes de Mille is one of the great choreographers in our
history. Give me comfort, give me edge. I gave them six GCSE questions. And indeed, there are now three academic articles in which they've looked at this attraction, which may only last for a second, but
it's a definite attraction, and either this same brain region, this reward system, or the chemicals of that reward system are involved. The deep ocean is also gaining heat at a smaller rate, and energy
is going into the net melting of ice all around the planet. I was not only charmed, I was very moved. There are more than 185 miles of tunnels, and only about a mile is open to the public as a museum. I started
in 1999 to try and address this problem with an experiment, which was a very simple experiment in New Delhi. My foster mother asked me to go away to think about love and what it is and to read the Scriptures
and to come back tomorrow and give my most honest and truthful answer. and these large cargo scanner X-rays that work with the digital system are getting better and better and better. And I wore it whenever
I could, thinking it was the most fabulous thing I owned. and cancer is starting to model it like a complex system. Let me bring it to you locally. You've got to put some water on the fire. You see the water? One
got us invited to the White House, one's a recent incarnation. They give it life on television, for sure, but it's you as viewers, through your collective social consciences, that give it life, longevity,
power or not. no longer to be seen again. He was telling them they no longer had any moral authority, that nobody needed them for emotional support anymore, and they were not really the providers. Since we
took to the sky, we have wanted to fly faster and farther. Bilbao, I think, shows that you can have that kind of personal expression and still touch all the bases that are necessary of fitting into the
city. Well now there are potentials of this building to allow the artistic director to actually move into the building without using our architecture. Your brain is actually computing that boundary, the
boundary that goes right there. There is cricket and the movies. On any given day we're lied to from 10 to 200 times, and the clues to detect those lie can be subtle and counter-intuitive. Pamela Meyer,
author of &lt;em&gt;Liespotting,&lt;/em&gt; shows the manners and "hotspots" used by those trained to recognize deception -- and she argues honesty is a value worth preserving. So we can actually use biomaterials
now. Because it was felt that a school day would last at least eight hours, and you wanted the child to have the ability to use the laptop for at least one full day without having to recharge it. You can
read this quote. And there's two things I do: When I go into a gallery, first of all, I go quite fast, and I look at everything, and I pinpoint the ones that make me slow down for some reason or other. Lack
of stimulation often leads to self-stimulating behaviors like hand-flapping, rocking back and forth, or aggression, and in some institutions, psychiatric drugs are used to control the behavior of these
children, whilst in others, children are tied up to prevent them from harming themselves or others. Now, this is the lowest of the stages. Well, even in basalt surfaces in lava-tube caves, which are a by-product
of volcanic activity, we find these walls totally covered, in many cases, by these beautiful, glistening silver walls, or shiny pink or shiny red or shiny gold. Why do people succeed? Is it because they're
smart? Or are they just lucky? Neither. Analyst Richard St. John condenses years of interviews into an unmissable 3-minute slideshow on the real secrets of success. This is its first time on the U.S. West
Coast. And this was Henry's rule, he said, "Look, everyone is willing to give you something. Woman: Here father. Woman: Yes, of course. With brainstorming we make you happy, we play games, and we say, "No
criticism," and you get all these weird, neat ideas. But in fact, if that's how you always were you'd never get any work done because you'd be working along and say, "Oh, I got a new way of doing it." So
one day she said, openly, I'm not going to support this research. So the next week I "happened" to be in New York. We looked at rooms that were naturally ventilated, where the hospital let us turn off the
mechanical ventilation in a wing of the building and pry open the windows that were no longer operable, So we did some experiments where we saturated our poor patients with zillions of electrodes and then
had them try to do two dozen different tasks -- from wiggling a finger to moving a whole arm to reaching for something -- and recorded this data. Right? So not only do individual protocells have behavior,
what we've interpreted as behavior in this system, but we also have basically population-level behavior similar to what organisms have. It's actually about humpback whales. It used to be wireless was one
person owned the license, they transmitted in an area, and it had to be decided whether they would be licensed or based on property. It can dive to 500 feet, to where sunlight does not penetrate, and is
equipped with powerful lights. No, this ritual was about the one message that physicians have needed to convey to their patients. We have a way of dealing with information that has sort of personal -- personally
identifying information in it. "Papi, help." And for many people around the world, dietary cancer prevention may be the only practical solution because not everybody can afford expensive end-stage cancer
treatments, but everybody could benefit from a healthy diet based on local, sustainable, Now, finally, I've talked to you about food, and I've talked to you about cancer, so there's just one more disease
that I have to tell you about and that's obesity. Because this is about 10 dollars of additional hardware if you already have a Nintendo Wii. And they increase yield, which allows you to have your agricultural
area be smaller, and therefore more wild area is freed up. It performs about equivalently to a system that's in the order of 100,000 dollars. So you don't have to just want to have a feel-good attitude about
energy to want to have one of these. In so doing, the guardians of secular democracy in effect yield the connection between education and values to fundamentalists, who, you can be sure, have no compunctions
about using education to further their values: the absolutes of a theocracy. Bono: All right. I wish for TED to truly show the power of information, its power to rewrite the rules and transform lives, by
connecting every hospital, health clinic and school in one African country. How amazing is that? And in this way, you can take the guesswork out of policy-making by knowing what works, what doesn't work
and why. The transportation is all very simple, everybody's within a five-minute walk of mobility. And it's not hard to see that -- the baseline is the first picture on the upper left. They're used to thinking
of themselves as providers, and they can't seem to build the social networks that allow them to get through college. But that wasn't the end of the opossums. So no matter how lazy you feel, you're not really
intrinsically doing nothing. NT: To my delight, I discovered I could visualize my inventions with the greatest facility. But I guess that's in keeping, so now we'll just move to the PowerPoint presentation,
ladies and gentlemen. And communal discovery is powerful because it leverages the network that is society to solve problems. A seat works in a two-dimensional world, where gravity blasts down on that seat,
OK? The world is increasingly seeing these programs as the bridge to comprehensive maternal and child health. Why would I want to go back to a body that was so broken? So we've developed certain tactics and
strategies to cover up. I think these ideas are difficult to understand, because when you're trapped in one paradigm, the next paradigm is always like a science fiction universe -- it makes no sense. They
are devils. Devils. I didn't know where my corners were, so I decided to let the whole thing grow, and this is what I looked like by the end. SOPA, PIPA, ACTA, TPP and ITU. And Ecosia works in pretty much
the same way. We have to break parents out of this straitjacket that the only ideas we can try at home are ones that come from shrinks or self-help gurus or other family experts. Traffic jams are just a
symptom of this challenge, and they're really very, very inconvenient, but that's all they are. And we would help them adapt. It took about 10 years to put this project together. They -- he has a USB and
he has a SD card, so it's completely open architecture. But the technologies are getting better, and we're starting to really kind of crowdsource this navigation. The costs have been tremendous -- water
pollution, all the things you know about, destruction of our habitats. In fact, I'm convinced I learned the narrative art from those nightly sessions with my father. And, again, all of it promoting transparency. The
music was in some ways different, but in structure and form, very much the same. I go to JPL. I mean, it sometimes feels, listening to behavioral economists that they are kind of putting into place academically,
what great marketers have sort of intuitively known for a long time. What they do, we now understand, is they get in you, they wait, they start growing, they count themselves with these little molecules,
and they recognize when they have the right cell number that if all of the bacteria launch their virulence attack together, they are going to be successful at overcoming an enormous host. But I'm slowly
coming to this horrifying realization that my students just might not be learning anything. Now one of the things that -- what happened when I went into Berkeley is I realized that, you know, this was all
pretty amazing to people, very, very different, and I needed to market it. We've all had a heartache. So people have created this business. Driving down a road in Ghana with partners of Free the Slaves, a
fellow abolitionist on a moped suddenly sped up to our cruiser and tapped on the window. This isn't some optional extra. For example: A person who is cultivating compassion, when they are in the presence
of suffering, they feel that suffering a lot more than many other people do. But I wanted people to actually feel my work from their gut, because I was painting it from my gut. If they wanted beauty, I
said, this is the beauty I'm willing to give you. It's politicized. And then I thought, that's too complicated. No, And so I went back to the United Nations. If he had accepted payment, he wouldn't be able
to say "yes" or "no" depending on what he deemed a just or unjust cause. This was actually just taken last year. The next day -- the next day, not even 24 hours had passed -- in Peru, the president of Peru
said, "We'll do 250." And boom, a little domino effect. They said, "Well I guess there aren't that many mathematicians sitting around looking at sea slugs." And that's true. But it also goes deeper than
that. This is a courtyard in Europe, and a mixture of 124 different kinds of play. This is a typical result that many people have presented, and there are many variations on it. They're even better models
of environmental health, because not only the same mammalian biology, but they share your diet, largely. And this is possible. You know, with the technologies we have today, we can save between 30 and 50
percent of the energy of a country in Europe, I want to know how they rely on the water's bounty for their living. And I think, jeez, I'm in the middle of a room of successful people! In other words, that
was the first creature in the history of the world that had a computer as its parent -- it did not have an organic parent. Palm tree plantation in Borneo. And this is a lot more than growing food, as you'll
see; this is a different way to think about nature and a way to get away from the zero-sum notion, the Cartesian idea that either nature's winning or we're winning, and that for us to get what we want,
nature is diminished. And so the experiment really rests on the following: That's exactly what I do -- optical mind control. And just to give you some sense of the potential of CSP, consider that we receive
10,000 times as much energy from the sun every year as we use in energy from all forms -- 10,000 times. I would say, on the top of the agenda is sex trafficking. Embedded within that question is the key
to understanding the science of happiness. Before I introduce the person responsible for the WorldWide Telescope, I just want to leave you with this brief thought: because the city has interesting ways of
doing things. You might have a quick idea, but to be in deep thought about a problem and really consider a problem carefully, you need long stretches of uninterrupted time. And really slowly, slowly, slowly,
it happened. And I've had very serious doubt about its efficacy, and my own faith in humanity. Which in my experience means communication that manages to speak to and expand our concept of self-interest. So
we had one group that I hoped their performance would be very high, another group that I thought their performance would be very low, and when I got the results, that's what we got -- I was very happy
-- aside from one person. They do have a very rich repertoire of postures and gestures, many of which are similar, or even identical, to ours and formed in the same context. Greeting chimpanzees embracing. And
I'll explain. : "Yeah, alright, come on, eh. so I would outlaw spam on my first day in office. And if you don't understand that in your mental model of this stuff, what happens inside of a cell seems completely
mysterious and fortuitous, it's actually pressed down into the daily activities of ordinary people. headed to the landfill. I think that adults should start learning from kids. So for example, right now, if
I focus too much on the balls, then there's no way that I can relax and talk to you at the same time. Now here -- and this will be a relief to you at this point in the afternoon -- there is good news, amazing
news, in the 21st century, and that is that, almost out of nowhere, there has come into being an anti-genocide movement, an anti-genocide constituency, and one that looks destined, in fact, to be permanent. The
different frequencies produce the different particles. Tony Robbins discusses the "invisible forces" that motivate everyone's actions -- and high-fives Al Gore in the front row. But archives exist because
there's something that can't necessarily be articulated. Our traditional societal heroes are wrong, because they are the exceptions. These are actually wires wrapped in muslin and steeped in vegetable dye. Alicia,
in her own right, very famous. So I can come in and I can do things, and just treat this planet as a lump of clay. And you can see how this happened in these excerpts from the Christmas mass "Puer Natus
est nobis," "For Us is Born." The mice with this cancer that get the drug live, and the ones that don't rapidly perish. And it is a marvelous example of how a differential in power can be overridden by a
process of nature that's within all of us. Like that. And then we get a little faster and a little faster and a little faster. Yeah, down to the floor. Can you go underneath? Forrest North: The beginning
of any collaboration starts with a conversation. I told him, I said, "No, no, no, I was just in Lebanon." He goes, "I don't care where you were. You just stay where you are, please. Just stay where you
are." I went to Saudi Arabia. In Saudi Arabia, they go one, two, and then they stay on the same side -- three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18. So, I could tell you
a lot about shame, but I'd have to borrow everyone else's time. Sounded very ominous when he took me nearby to the lake, conveniently called Lake Lyndon Baines Johnson. Moral ambiguity are televisions shows
in which I don't understand the difference between right and wrong. if we compare them to unprotected areas nearby, this is what happens. That's full immunization. and not only that, it looks better. We are
the most widely read feminist publication ever, They don't even attempt to corral the oil where it is most concentrated. We are facing an unprecedented number, scale of disasters. It was frightening, They
showed puss oozing out from between their teeth. Narrator: Kanzi plays the xylophone; using both hands he enthusiastically accompanies Dr. Sue's singing. Richard Pyle dives the reef's Twilight Zone What's
the most abstract form? It's a stick figure. So where do you get samples from for your genetic analysis? Is that you?" This is my niece, I love her, she's my sister's daughter. The fact is that, if I tried
and it didn't work, then I could make a statement about how unwilling the global community is to unite -- until, it was in Somalia, picking up that young girl. And we took the money that we made from our
farmer's market, and started buying gifts for the homeless and for needy around the world. Let's just pick one -- for example, the one in the green shirt. If the space I'm sending it in is not effective,
that communication can't happen. Post-Second World War, the influence of the automobile has really been devastating in a lot of our cities. So here, if you look at this poster, it has all the trappings of
Western culture. He had a good laugh at the other teachers and put it up on the notice board. Well, you know, we should expect to see that. And then, I got a call from a friend who wanted to have a show of
erotic art, and I didn't have any pieces. I don't understand why the media is focused on Eastern Pennsylvania. And the story of 1950 is the story of every year that we have on record, with a little twist,
because now we've got these nice charts. And then I thought out of curiosity I'd like to go and live and work and just see what a village is like. So had they contested a larger number of the seats, they
would have done even better. And that's what it's about. If you want to put something on the web there are three rules: The main thing, the main point of all this for me is that we can find mutually beneficial
systems for these species. What you see is an artist's conception of this facility, which is built in a mountain in Svalbard. You can find this on YouTube, the gentleman who's recumbent on a motorcycle while
text messaging. That Sys Admin force is the force that never comes home, does most of your work. And there's a 25-dollar incubator giving that performance that had been created. And that's a picture of me
in front of it for scale. As prime food sources are depleted, the harvest goes deeper into the oceans and brings in more such sources of protein. The data was out there, it was open, it was freely available,
but nobody wanted to know. I love that because there is like a whole demographic: unattached hiccuppers. And we were certain they couldn't do this. And here's what they did. Alisa Volkman: So this is where
our story begins -- the dramatic moments of the birth of our first son, Declan. He gets on the telephone -- just like FOXO gets on the DNA -- and he calls up the roofer, the window person, the painter,
the floor person. For the next three dozen years as king, this king actually started measuring and managing around happiness in Bhutan -- I made a hole in the boundary wall of the slum next to my office,
and stuck a computer inside it just to see what would happen if I gave a computer to children who never would have one, didn't know any English, didn't know what the Internet was. My overall project is
about art -- specifically, about black artists -- about the way in which art can change the way we think about culture and ourselves. Well, not so awful. It would skip a beat. And I recently said that to
a venture capitalist casually at some Valley event, to which he replied, "How quaint." But I'll let you see it anyway. Well, thank you. I mean, it's interesting, in doing this, we had to sit together with
the companies. So you are, in fact, a chord -- each of you an individual chord. Over the last 30 years, what's happened that's ripped the heart out of this country? and then we get a pandemic. I went to this
site, and I had to answer these questions. It's good for maybe home schoolers." We'd have a water treatment system treating wastewater, turning that into fresh water and generating energy from the solids
using just plants and micro-organisms. I'm honored by the invitation, and thanks. This is the magnitude of the reduction the entire global technosphere must realize by 2050 to avoid catastrophic climate
disruption -- Euvin Naidoo on investing in Africa I don't know if you've read or heard about the sub-sonic sounds from elephants -- you know what I mean, like, "Br-r-r!" I will take you to the Cultural Revolution,
when China went mad, and compare that country's performance with India under Indira Gandhi. Let me see if I got this straight, Matt. When Homer Simpson needs to imagine the most remote possible moment of
not just the clock, but the whole freaking calendar, he comes up with 0400 Because they're not willing to be at risk. Lynn Verinsky: Honestly, it's going to be perfectly safe. It will be perfectly safe. Steve
Pinker has showed us that, in fact, we're living during the most peaceful time ever in human history. Many architects seemed to think that when you design, you design a jewel, and it's a jewel that you
try and crave for. So I think we need succession planning on a global basis. Now helium's a gas, there're a lot of reasons why helium's good, it's a tiny molecule, it's inert, it doesn't give you narcosis. Rather
than demo another new technology, Tom Wujec reaches back to one of our earliest but most ingenious devices -- the astrolabe. With thousands of uses, from telling time to mapping the night sky, this old
tech reminds us that the ancient can be as brilliant as the brand-new. For example, a kid says, "Mom, guess what? I met an alien on my way home." The second signal was for everybody to do Jumping jacks together. And
they're an enormously useful tool in modern molecular biology. We're on the verge of a whole new social science. Nowadays, particularly in the United States, if you meet someone at the bottom of society,
they may unkindly be described as a "loser." "Well, Susan, this is a fine mess you are in." And when you're dealing with grammar, which is, you know, incredibly dry, E.B. White wrote such wonderful, whimsical
-- and actually, Strunk -- and then you come to the rules and, you know, there are lots of grammar things. "Do you mind me asking a question? But getting the private sector to expand is also difficult, We
had to operate next to the new Muhammad Ali center, and respect it. Well, Tyson did, because there's no chicken in the chicken. As Laura Lee told us, design, and, I believe, entertainment and technology,
can be used to increase meaning engagement in life as well. And what does it mean? But for those who really study that text a little more thoroughly, you will discover that a question has been raised that
leads to this parable. I was a little bit late. And they wanted to look at the microbes after the transplants. Henry David Thoreau: "There are a thousand hacking at the branches of evil to one who is striking
at the root." Not surprisingly, this destruction also endangers bonobo survival. We could conceivably expand the climate window: we could make Pinot Noir grow maybe in Long Island, God forbid. Well in this
case it isn't, because it's a very, very ecologically-sound piece of technology. I could choose these two paths out of an infinite number of paths. and it confers on us a responsibility. You also have a critical
question now, and you say, "Okay, do I have to have the light on all the time to have this working?" To date, with the help of a global network of partners, we've completed close to fifty projects. And so
that's how they live. And the basic idea is that there's this law of attraction, and your thoughts have this vibrating energy that goes out into the universe and then you attract good things to happen to
you. And I think that is indeed what architecture is. It is a story. And, by the same token, we can turn that tide. The simplest example of this is if you ask a group of people to do something like guess
how many jellybeans are in a jar. DH: All right, we'll do this trick, but please remember it took us over 10 years to perfect. The receiver will convert these little, subtle changes in the amplitude that
we create there into an electrical signal. These short DNA sequences are what are going to fold the long strand into this shape that we want to make. So you send an e-mail with these sequences in it to
a company, and what it does -- the company pronounces them on a DNA synthesizer. Three versions of physical thinking, yeah? So, the dragonflies are actually coming from India on the northeast monsoon, All
of their voices had been made by a speaker recording original words in a control booth. Well, swimming across the North Pole, it's not an ordinary thing to do. And since, you know, I follow his orders, I'll
do it. So if somebody could see it, you could say, here's how the machine works, here's what we do, and then here's what happens. and this what I want to think of as the disconcerting thing, what I want
to call "the last mile" problem. Big countries, one of them is not so big, but it's rich. This poor kid, clearly a prop -- don't get me wrong, a willing prop -- but the kiss that's being documented kind
of looks like it sucks. We reached a tipping point this year where living, acting, designing, investing and manufacturing green came to be understood by a critical mass of citizens, entrepreneurs and officials
as the most patriotic, capitalistic, geo-political and competitive thing they could do. Canal Street, I know. It's a beautiful building. We decided we would refurbish it and then put out the word: we're
going to start the best math institute in Africa Well, the new South Africa is a very exciting country. businesses and nations succeed only by defeating, destroying and dominating competition; Environmental
justice, for those of you who may not be familiar with the term, goes something like this: no community should be saddled with more environmental burdens and less environmental benefits than any other. It's
in an undefined location and I've never published where it is. This is Wushan, one of the largest cities that was relocated. I'm sure that people here who work on, say, climate change and global warming,
or on the future of the Internet, encounter people who have very strong opinions about what's going to happen next. We made up a little batch and we put it on the driveway and we threw a match and phew,
it flared up. Ah, it was great. And then the sad thing is, although preschools are full of this kind of stuff, as kids go through the school system it all gets taken away. And we save some of those for the
next generation. When we had almost eradicated smallpox, it came back again, because the company town of Tatanagar drew laborers, who could come there and get employment. and instead of accumulating, they
will just pass into our group here and not accumulate in any one group Hours and hours of sitting with insurers and many companies and their thoughts about risk and how this is totally innovative, they'd
never thought of it before. So to do that we've launched a number of partnerships with NGOs and universities to gather data on the user interface, on the types of surgeries it's appropriate for and ways
we can enhance the device itself. so that the things that are not necessarily evident to people can be brought forth, and can be taught, and can be understood. It's just been industrial, So take a look at
what happens when the foremost journalist of early television meets one of the foremost computer pioneers, and the computer begins to express itself. I'm pleased to say, the prince did take the tip from
the orchestral performance, and the musicians were reunited with their families. This is the Great Leap Forward, when China fell down. So please help us on this one and try to make not only health a little
bit better, but take control of it. Not in an envelope of a human arm, with 21 degrees of freedom, from your shoulder to your fingertips." And we certainly see it in the world of business. His great-granddad
had been Eli Whitney, the inventor of the cotton gin. And I promised these people that I was going to build this thing, And we'd been doing this for a while, when she turned to me very solemnly and said,
"Will this really keep out the giraffes?" Patricia Burchat sheds light on dark matter It was the hardest hit of any country in the world. But the beauty is it's all going through the internet, so you get
all of these really cool features -- like you can say, I want these people to be able to call me only during these hours. In addition to which there's an enormous amount of back and forth, mentoring of
one student by another, of all the students by the doctors, and the result is a generation -- we hope -- of doctors who do have time for the people they treat. It's only among humans that you find very
large groups of people who are able to cooperate, join together into groups, but in this case, groups that are united to fight other groups. Young women who live in areas with high maternal mortality change
their behavior less in response to HIV than young women who live in areas with low maternal mortality. You know, it sounds good, but why? I mean, what's the point? Strange mixture of feelings: it was extremely
warm by this stage, a lot of open water around, and of course, elated that I'd got there under my own steam, but starting to really realize that my chances of making it all the way across to Canada, which
was still 400 miles away, were slim at best. So today I'm going to talk about some things that you might not know about the epidemic, and I'm actually also going to challenge some of these things that you
think that you do know. He pays me a lot to keep it a secret." So there's a few elements, mostly social policies and some elements of the software. BRIC country means Brazil, Russia, India and China. So we
were looking for a much more objective way to assess this phenomena. And this idea, again, came from the grassroots, from two Googlers who wrote their own job descriptions and volunteered themselves for
the job. It's a very early video, so we haven't yet dealt with the overlap and all of that, but that got refined pretty soon, later. And whereas television may have gotten beat up, what's getting built is
a really exciting new form of communication, and we kind of have the merger of the two industries and a new way of thinking to look at it. This is a hummingbird drone. And the buildings, they don't only
sort of invoke the imagery of the mountains, they also operate like mountains. We're going to have to say, no more logging in the Amazon for 20 years. So the key now is to make it behave like tuna. So, you
might be asking, "Why? Broken, fallen over on this rock in the middle of March in 2000, typical Irish weather on a Wednesday -- gray, snot, tears everywhere, ridiculously self-pitying. And I was floored,
and I was broken, and I was angry. And the same with flowers. So, let's go to Lake Turkana, which is one such lake basin in the very north of our country, Kenya. It would stop, and then start, and then stop,
and then start. This is a blue field -- it's actually an Yves Klein painting. And the theory was that if you abstract an image, you really, you know open as much room for the un-representable -- and, therefore,
you know, are able to involve the viewer more. A key plank is accountability, so teams use information radiators, these large boards in which everybody is accountable. We know this because they did an experiment." And
it's great, there's good people everywhere. And so the fates are seldom wrong, no matter how they twist and wind. People are more likely to support the use of force if they view it as costless." And how they're
distributed really contributes to their underlying function. We have more sex than our supposedly swinging single friends -- believe it or not. So, contrary to popular belief, there is not a conflict of
interest between empiricism and values. We all seem to think that, you know, if we look down on the ground, there's nothing there. computers,education,open-source,technology I'm not really interested in the
celebrity themselves. It's about you create a space where you leave Management Inc., maybe where you leave the agile program, and you actually just enter that place where you stop being the good citizen
who is taking care of things and being responsible. Now we had to start changing these people and converting them from using that for a livelihood, to getting something else. Can I be this fierce about this?"
just to be able to stop and, instead of catastrophizing what might happen, to say, "I'm just so grateful, because to feel this vulnerable means I'm alive." And the last, which I think is probably the most
important, is to believe that we're enough. What you see here is a jungle scene, and you see the surfaces according to the amount of light that those surfaces reflect. And so we could choose numbers of positions
on the face to pull that data from. You like to drink water. Their trinkets and baubles cost little enough. Oil doesn't sink, it floats. He's an interesting little kid -- and his sister, Celine -- and what
he's doing here is observing the self-assembly of his Cheerios in his cereal bowl. I wasn't charged for anything. I hadn't done anything wrong. Video: April 17th, 1975. I don't know for sure that the Brits
invented this particular view of the world, but I suspect we might have done so: we are right in the middle, and we've cut the Pacific in half and flung it to the far corners of the world. Now you can imagine
at that time I had to switch the ridiculous boots for some slippers. I was the better at procrastination, Not to beat a dead horse, but this is a global food system where there's a billion people hungry
and billion people obese. Now we don't have a great track record when it comes to doing something like this, to eradicating diseases. But generally speaking, most of us don't. We also have a program already
called Google Grants that now serves over 150 different charities around the world, and these are some of the charities that are on there. And I wanted to show several species that we hadn't shown much
in the magazine and worked in a number of locations. The only problem with that is it breaks everybody's boundaries. Two were particularly inspiring to me. But when we were looking at the case sheets, what
we found was, these people with the paralyzed phantom limbs, the original arm was paralyzed because of the peripheral nerve injury. And then the paper burned. And this really became the template for moving
forward. United States came in second to last in geographic knowledge. Especially the good ones, not all of them. Featured,TED Prize,arts,culture,entertainment,film,global issues,peace,social change,storytelling Secondly,
the idea of building community among the students. Why? Because batteries life cycle improve -- a bit of improvement on energy density, which reduces the price. Here's the biggie, and that is, you don't
have innovation cycles if the government develops and the government uses it. You can see the three-light transom there with the eyebrow windows -- certainly an architectural antique Well, notwithstanding
the gloomy pictures from the Middle East, Darfur, there is a longer-term trend that does represent some good news. So when they cross the finish line and they've won, it doesn't matter if they've never
seen anyone do it. In all cases, the life support was removed, and the infants had died. And they both believed this would make an amazing film, of course, but it was a very high-risk proposition. Now, it
may seem like there is less hope today than there was before. I wanted to visualize the story of life. It wouldn't eat. It wouldn't sleep. It wouldn't have sex. I can't flip it because I've put a little twist
on it, haven't I? And he looked at me, and I smiled, and then I saw the tears start welling up in his eyes. On my wish list, at least, would be: much longer, healthier lives, greater subjective well-being,
enhanced cognitive capacities, more knowledge and understanding, unlimited opportunity for personal growth beyond our current biological limits, better relationships, an unbounded potential for spiritual,
moral and intellectual development. Well, he would turn to people who were called, rather prosaically by sociologists, privatized law enforcement agencies. I saw people struggling to get by, not knowing
what was what and what was next. And it certainly looks like it. To him, being paid would have meant being a mercenary. This woman is an extraordinary grandmother. So this project was punctuated by a really
amazing event, which was held in the desert outside Albuquerque in New Mexico at the Jemez Pueblo, where for three consecutive nights, the contents of the capsule were projected onto the sides of the ancient
Red Rock Canyon walls, which stand about 200 feet tall. It was really incredible. The folks at the Sloan Digital Sky Survey told us last fall -- they're making the first map of the universe, three-dimensional
map of the universe -- that there are probably 700,000 asteroids between Mars and Jupiter that are a half a mile big or bigger. Even women who keep stuff in their bags tap their pockets. They also kiss,
hold hands, pat one another on the back. So, we think the future of this experiment is quite exciting. And there you can see that woodcut is basically what I ended up doing. I mean, it's a little bit like
wearing stilts on stilts, but I have an entirely new relationship to door jams that I never expected I would ever have. And so I make these creative decisions and can execute them in a much, much simpler
way. Now I'm going to leave you with a self portrait. But what do they actually do? You know, it's a kind of nice idea, but what do they actually do on the ground? We even live longer, which is a pretty compelling
argument for marrying someone you like a lot Now if you're not currently experiencing the joy of the joint tax return, I can't tell you how to find a chore-loving person of the approximately ideal size
and attractiveness who prefers horror movies and doesn't have a lot of friends hovering on the brink of divorce, but I can only encourage you to try, because the benefits, as I've pointed out, The bottom
line is, whether you're in it or you're searching for it, I believe marriage is an institution So I hope you'll use the information I've given you today For instance, in my marriage, I'd say I'm doing
okay. And if I can't be educated, when I see some of my sisters being educated, my wish has been fulfilled. It's our health, it's our lives, it's our future, it's our children. And the other one was to design
the object and make sure that it was a consumer product and not a research tool. And what we've discovered is, by using a part of the mushroom you've probably never seen -- analogous to its root structure;
it's called mycelium -- we can actually grow materials with many of the same properties of conventional synthetics. The first such one is called "The Whale Hunt." We have pre-cancerous lesions, which often
don't turn into cancer. Yesterday you heard about molecular biology, which fundamentally computes to build. It doesn't taste good, so I'm going to need some help with that. They would click on a button, and
they would be connected as A to B immediately. Just before sunrise, he tips his shell up, the water runs down into his mouth, has a good drink, goes off and hides for the rest of the day. Now each of these
jokes is labeled with certain attributes. It's hard to know. Likewise in communicable diseases. Happy TED. It's so wonderful here. I love it. I love it. I love it. But Einstein realized that Newton had left
something out of the story, because even Newton had written that although he understood how to calculate the effect of gravity, he'd been unable to figure out how it really works. And what was good about
psychology, about the 30 billion dollar investment NIMH made, about working in the disease model, about what you mean by psychology, is that, 60 years ago, none of the disorders were treatable -- it was
entirely smoke and mirrors. Surgeon Anthony Atala demonstrates an early-stage experiment that could someday solve the organ-donor problem: a 3D printer that uses living cells to output a transplantable
kidney. Using similar technology, Dr. Atala's young patient Luke Massella received an engineered bladder 10 years ago; we meet him onstage. Yes, futureless language speakers, even after this level of control,
are 30 percent more likely to report having saved in any given year. This one entered her left hemisphere, and knocked out her Broca's area, the speech center of her brain. It becomes interesting when you
put artificial intelligence into it. and they also make really, really good stage actors. Life can be less mysterious than we make it out to be when we try to think about how it would be on other planets. And
what I mean by that is, as these become smaller, as the functionality that you can access through this becomes greater -- things like banking, identity -- these things quite simply move very quickly around
the world. Well, the question with which I'd like to end is this: If we're so damn stupid, how did we get to the moon? And the reason is that they're not able to communicate. It will become more involved
in social investment, and social care and in industries where the value comes from what you do with others, not just from what you sell to them, and from relationships as well as from consumption. Now,
what's this to do with memes? They tried selling soap as healthy. No one bought it. So, different species of plants grow in different places, How about these hormones or resveratrol? This is the price of a
phone call to India per minute. Oh good, glad I have a little more time! Just a tip, if you're being photographed for press pictures, don't touch your teeth. They do it to make a profit. And then TED challenged
me: "Philippe, can you shrink this lifetime to 18 minutes?" Eighteen minutes, clearly impossible. And I got back to Heathrow. My mum was there; my brother was there; my granddad was there -- had a little
Union Jack -- -- and that was about it. I went back to live with my mum. So they made it really easy to find it. And they will conclude that the universe is static and unchanging and populated by a single
central oasis of matter that they inhabit -- a picture of the cosmos that we definitively know to be wrong. I said, "Could I come and interview you in prison to find out it you're psychopaths?" and, occasionally,
kidnapping us in their flying saucers and taking us away to have sex with us in pyramids. It's a difficult theory to discount, I think you'll agree. These are automatically constructed using the found objects:
"I think I feel a little full." It's just a trace of being in this body. Millions of people living here, stretched over many kilometers. It's all very one-dimensional. And also, when we think about the rise
of Asia, or return of Asia as I called it a little bit earlier, it's worth remembering Asia's not one thing. And it went like this: wake up well rested after a good night's sleep. Just last week, in a New
York Times article dated January 26, 2010, it was revealed for the first time that officials at the National Security Agency were considering the possibility of preemptive attacks in cases where the U.S.
was about to be cyberattacked. It's incredible just how light this thing is. Apart from that, some of the heads count more than others. Fifteen percent of the entire U.S. And he was here, as you well know,
in '35. or think about the acidity of yogurt -- wonderful -- mixed with strawberry fruits. Thank you, TED. So what I'm going to talk about is why we don't have a good brain theory, why it is important that
we should develop one and what we can do about it. And I think maybe I'm being too negative. More people are killed by pigs, more people are killed by lightning strikes, more people are killed at soccer
games in England. Why is it that some of you are so high above the curve in terms of your intellectual ability, athletic ability, musical ability, creativity, energy levels, your resiliency in the face
of challenge, your sense of humor? Huh. Hang on a moment. BF: This one's a little ... Who's doing the lights? Could you point that a little more directly into my eyeballs? Is that possible? I can still see
a little. They have international branches, and it's important for us to tune into this one. We can't sit idly by here either. So the one who makes the choices -- that's the interesting part here -- for the
one who makes the choices, it doesn't really matter. In contrast, Asian-American children performed best when they believed their mothers had made the choice, second best when they chose for themselves,
and least well when it had been chosen by Miss Smith. It's like a badge of honor to see how long they can get the patient to live. This is, you know, related to it: getting out of the studio. And we never
hear about that. And the latest infraction against these people is, as part of Plan Colombia, we're spraying Paraquat or Round Up, whatever it is -- we're defoliating thousands of acres of the Ecuadorian
Amazon in our war on drugs. I admitted that I'd actually had a fantasy -- kind of a dark fantasy -- of writing a letter about everything that was wrong with the world and then lighting myself on fire on
the White House steps. A water bottle: You buy it because of the bottle, not because of the water. That's the word lawyers use. It was repealed. Dialogue is not easy -- not between individuals, not between
groups, not between governments -- but it is very necessary. The varieties of wheat, corn and rice we grow today may not thrive in a future threatened by climate change. Cary Fowler takes us inside a vast
global seed bank, buried within a frozen mountain in Norway, that stores a diverse group of food-crop for whatever tomorrow may bring. Basically I'm recording one second of every day of my life for the
rest of my life, chronologically compiling these one-second tiny slices of my life into one single continuous video until, you know, I can't record them anymore. I mean, this was 16-millimeter safety film. Which
I think is just fascinating. BS: Yeah, wow. Okay. Murray Gell-Mann on beauty and truth in physics That is so right and so cool. And suddenly there was a machine that did that, and now we don't need to remember
that anymore. So how are these fish, these predators going to help? And so he created this map, which basically ended up representing all the deaths in the neighborhoods as black bars at each address. 70
percent of the kids couldn't find Afghanistan or Iraq on a map; 60 percent couldn't find India; 30 percent couldn't find the Pacific Ocean. So I want to conclude with two things. And since this was introduced
in 1999, a lot of these robots have been out and being used for surgical procedures like a prostatectomy, which is a prostate deep in the pelvis, and it requires fine dissection and delicate manipulation
to be able to get a good surgical outcome. He's saying, "Here's your solution. Thanks very much. Next." I hope that these images awaken a force in those who view them, people like you, and I hope that force
will ignite a fire, and that fire will shine a light on slavery, for without that light, the beast of bondage can continue to live in the shadows. So that's almost an eighth of society. It's not true. Very
unsafe. And then today, there's been a 99 percent reduction -- greater than 99 percent reduction -- in the number of children who are being paralyzed by this awful disease. This is the ultimate. Actually
we didn't ask them, but when they conducted exit polls in every state, in 37 states, out of the 50, they asked a question, that was pretty direct, about race. Ben Dunlap talks about a passionate life So
they are learning as much by watching as they learn by doing. I have here seven note cards, one with each note of the musical alphabet, and I'd like someone to come up here and choose five -- anyone to
come up here and choose five -- and then I can make it into some sort of melody and I'll improvise it. Taryn Simon: The stories behind the bloodlines Thank you very much. Chris Anderson: That's it? This guy
is now five generations removed from the General; this guy is about seven. It's pending here in California, and just recently in New York. So, it's not just dogs and cats and whales and dolphins that you
should be aware of and interested in on this little journey. They did not, so there were riots. And indeed, this is a great example and the reason for the Industrial Revolution and efficiency. And the parallels
between the Gold Rush and the Internet Rush continue very strongly. Can you imagine? It's very symbolic. It's the same with the Chopin. He's just about to reach the E, and he says, "Oops, better go back
up and do it again." We cleaned up the swaths of beach shown. Here are some images from the film. One of its primary goals was to make it easier for residents of wealthy communities in Westchester County
to go to Manhattan. So why is it so important? And this is a little bit freaky, because what Motts is seeing is actually this. That ... me neither." And I'm thinking to myself, "Brene, what are you doing?
What are you doing? And the loose ideas had something to do with what I knew happened with people in the office, But it's useful for everybody to learn how to read and write. At that moment, we transcend
space and time together. The reason why things are free is so that you can manipulate them, not so that they are "free" as in "beer," but "free" as in "freedom." you can tell this is a while ago; Incidentally,
they did pull it off. They're watching the concert through their cell phone. Time to go beyond the goods and the services, and use, in that same heuristic, what happens when you customize a service? They
really cared about their monkey token dollar. and they are constantly threatened by exploitation, violence and abuse. If we just look at the single, biggest cause of death -- aging -- it accounts for roughly
two-thirds of all human people who die. And it's our attempt to quantify beauty by finding which regions of the brain are interactive while witnessing something beautiful. That's an extreme of micropthalmos
called enophthalmos. We print geometry where we can make industrial design objects like, you know, shoes, leather belts, handbags, etc., where no sentient creature is harmed. What needs to happen now is
further development of our technology along with development of the instrumentation that allows us to see this sort of fluorescence in the operating room. So we know that there's lots of crows. Turns out
they told us directly that these are the only crayons you should ever use with your Winky Dink Magic Window, other crayons may discolor or hurt the window. Researcher Kamal Meattle shows how an arrangement
of three common houseplants, used in specific spots in a home or office building, can result in measurably cleaner indoor air. So as other countries in the world innovated, in the sense both of developing
but also developing newer rules, the Chinese were cut off from those advances. They're not even autonomous. It's a bit suspicious isn't it? There is two answers to the question so far, Zero and one. The difference
between arts and sciences is also not constructive versus deconstructive, right? A lot of people think of the sciences as deconstructive. And that's a really great expression, because really, bees are the
sex workers for flowers. They are, you know -- they get paid for their services. I was not the only person editing the open street map. Each flash on this visualization -- put together by ITO World -- shows
an edit in 2009 made to the Open Street Map. but no -- it happened with any brand. The whole thing took two days out of the seven-day week. He stayed late at night every day. So if you're hungry, get up and
eat. She was the laughing stock of the community. This is an old woodcut from the 17, 1800s. It's an issue that is moral right now. We can play with the shape itself. It starts with a foundation, basic skills. We
became, or those victims became, more importantly, a ghost that haunted the terrorist organization. It's a horrible situation. And on this axis, GDP. This is a textile mill doing synthetic silk, an oil byproduct. That
evaporating sculpture gave me a greater faith that maybe there is many more possibilities to capture [the] invisible. Shows what is happening. So I want to put to you that if we can separate these in a different
way and build them up with students, we can have everything we're looking for in terms of patient problem solving. And they wanted the music to drop out at a certain point in the video and actual live audio
from the machine to play part of the song. How do we transport an airplane to Mars? And this is what my mother took me to when I was five. It was, "It burns! It burns!" The bargain that gives us civilization
is a bargain to not use power. I think this is important because media, provide us a window back into our world. This is when we can just be who we are, and now we have this stuffy brother with his shirt
and tie on, while we are still in our PJs. So growth can wash away even what appears to be a great depression. It's not always a tsunami, often it's a social situation. And we'll watch as global warming makes
them melt. More water comes down, the deforested areas, here in the Tarai, will be unable to absorb the effluent, because trees are like straws that suck up the extra seasonal water. So, if we make no changes
today, what does tomorrow look like? We make a decision it's that big, even though it's not that big. And what that illustrates is that decisions are the key things that support our perceptual bubble. It
keeps it alive. This was what we called the meaningful condition. The pursuit of meaning is the strongest. Well that's not true, but we'll get to the goose in a minute. Now, what you do is, you get inside
the microbe, you change its metabolic pathways, and you end up with a living chemical factory. So in the morning, in between six and seven in the morning, the body is then transported inside of the body
bag to our center and is being scanned through one of the CT scanners. The phone rings anyway, he's called to the palazzo. It takes the base metal of our conventional wisdom and transforms it through ridicule
into a different way of seeing and ultimately being in the world. But I always hated it because they were dictating the terms of the interaction, And starting about six years ago, we asked about extremely
happy people. And how do they differ from the rest of us? They are working to create a new imagination about shared life among young Jews and Muslims, and as they do that, they cultivate what they call
"curiosity without assumptions." And after being totally and completely obsessed with the mammoth richness and history of Chinese culture, it was like this total relief to hear something so truly American
and so truly awesome. Like climbing up into a cave and doing that stuff all the way down there. Total variety and uncertainty. It will adapt. It will is that we can't yet diagnose mental illness tens of thousands
of patients to date, and SPECT imaging involves a radioactive injection, so exposing people to radiation, potentially harmful. You don't see the other side of me. Einstein said that this was the definition
of insanity -- to do the same things over and over again, hoping for a different outcome. It is, of course, a great moment in the history of the Jewish people. The bottom line that I decided was actually
women's issues are the hardest issues, because they are the ones that have to do with life and death and because, as I said, it is really central to the way that we think about things. And recently, I've
become interested in diving much more deeply into a single story. You could do parallel and series circuits for kids using this. Because these rivers are the lifeblood of people all along their course. I
must know: How many of the guys here have touched a sanitary pad? Some of them were quite jagged. And while I was making the book, I contacted all the producers of products because I wanted them to send
me the real samples and the real specimens. And of course you can search to find the questions that you're interested in by using the same hash code. So, the same thing could be true for this kind of life,
which I'm talking about, on cold objects: that it could in fact be very abundant all over the universe, and it's not been detected just because we haven't taken the trouble to look. There's nothing that
distinguishes them structurally from any of their competitors. And we'll have no international mechanism to figure out who makes the decision. I believe also, our generation, our relationship to satisfying
what we want is far less tangible than any other previous generation. And I've just written a new book, but this time it's not one that will get me on the cover of Wired magazine. We need to do research. Now
in practice they don't actually test people for their chromosomes. Capacity: We have 10,000 times more spectrum, 10,000 times more LEDs installed already in the infrastructure there. So it did take humans
to kind of push it one way or another. Daniel Libeskind builds on very big ideas. Here, he shares 17 words that underlie his vision for architecture -- raw, risky, emotional, radical -- and that offer inspiration
for any bold creative pursuit. FG: I don't really know. A judge would let her out." And, of course, at Kleiner we, kind of, apologize and say the second best way is to finance it. They don't read music. Then,
with industrialization, everything started to become centralized. We know that microbes are dispersed around by people So the very first thing we wanted to do in this building was look at the air system. Well,
if you're used to listening to comedians, then I'm not surprised. There are smart ways to buy them and to aggregate that purchasing power to bring very efficient vehicles into the market faster. Peres thought
that was a great idea. All right, so we can do this with a bunch of dinosaurs. Every morning, there are 600 people queuing to reclaim these characters. You can almost have all the journalistic elements there. So
synchronization, which is part of that whole empathy mechanism is a very old one in the animal kingdom. Mihaly Czikszentmihalyi asks, "What makes a life worth living?" Noting that money cannot make us happy,
he looks to those who find pleasure and lasting satisfaction in activities that bring about a state of "flow." And yet, only a quarter of kids at risk sleep under a net. These are actually solutions. And
what do I mean by that? But sentinel lymph node, the way that we do it today, is kind of like having a road map just to know where to go. What if you're in surgery and the power goes out? No lights, no oxygen
-- and your anesthesia stops flowing. It happens constantly in hospitals throughout the world, turning routine procedures into tragedies. Erica Frenkel demos one solution: the universal anesthesia machine. Look,
you have bubbles all over the world here. And at that minute, you felt at one with the universe -- one with that jug of water, one with every human being, one with the Creator -- and you felt you were in
the presence of power, of awe, of the deepest love, the deepest sense of compassion and mercy that you have ever experienced in your lives. I drew, and I drew, and since I knew that humor was acceptable
in my family, I could draw, do what I wanted to do, and not have to perform, not have to speak -- I was very shy -- and I could still get approval. And that's going to be the good news dimension of what
we need to think about as we think of power in the 21st century. Ayah Bdeir: Building blocks that blink, beep and teach As a small example, many of us have experienced the change in driving behavior that
comes from having a real time display of mileage showing precisely how one's driving habits affect the vehicle's efficiency. How's it going? It all has to do with when you face what I call the INCA. And then
you have a third party saying, "Vote for us; we'll establish a theocracy." So democracy has become merely one political choice among many other forms of political choices available in those societies. Computer
science began in the '30s ... the 1830s. John Graham-Cumming tells the story of Charles Babbage's mechanical, steam-powered "analytical engine" and how Ada Lovelace, mathematician and daughter of Lord
Byron, saw beyond its simple computational abilities to imagine the future of computers. &lt;em&gt;&lt;/em&gt; But working together, we can actually change the world. And apart from a few very important
loose ends, which you've heard about here -- like dark energy and dark matter -- this equation describes, seems to describe everything about the universe and what's in it. and then my first open ocean dive
was in Santa Barbara Channel. Zero. Very good. And so if we wanted to fly in this room or places where humans can't go, we'd need an aircraft small enough and maneuverable enough to do so. This is a hummingbird
drone. And they send it either to your email or as text messages to your phone. And in our analysis of the American states, we find rather the same contrast. This is simply not what our grandest and best
institutes of higher learning are in the business of. They lose the humanity. War just becomes slam dunks and smart bombs. This is one of the seven surviving Sputniks that was not launched into space. You
can even be just a single cell. But the princess continued whistling. It's a vibrant, global community of hackerspaces, and this is just the beginning. OS: Well they don't disturb me any more than my tinnitus,
which I ignore. Either way, your fortunes add up to zero. That's a zero-sum game. It turns out that a lot of dolphins are being sold as meat in the whale meat market around the world. And our media is less
global by the day. Others will hold back. But this will be the gateway that will connect the modern economy and the modern world to my country." Thomas Heatherwick: Building the Seed Cathedral And the second
implication is that the world will inevitably, as a consequence, become increasingly unfamiliar to us, because it'll be shaped by cultures and experiences and histories that we are not really familiar
with, or conversant with. And I believe we can turn this whole story around to one of celebration and one of hope. Not to say that it shouldn't have, but that we have to get better at answering the questions
that need to be considered when we think about consequences and responses. In this setup, Schrödinger is in a box with a radioactive sample that, by the laws of quantum mechanics, branches into a state
in which it is radiated and a state in which it is not. And that may not sound very intuitive, but let me flip over to something else you know about, and that's computers. I also think that more generally,
the use of the Internet and technology as a kind of a space between us for creativity and design is a general trend. We gave cycle rickshaws. And within that, we're going to run it just like you run a nuclear
submarine, blue-gold team, switching them off and on, running 24 hours a day. And the fact that we knew the people -- we had to take a page out of the history of Walt Disney -- Now, usually if people are
familiar with bioluminescence at all, it's these guys; it's fireflies. So I gotta call help. I gotta call work." Especially if we have cites that are diverse and sustainable, and can support people of different
ethnicities and different income groups. Kofi Annan invited me on the morning of September the 11th to do a press conference. Three things stand out: leadership, diplomacy and institutional design. What
I will focus on in my talk is why they matter, how they matter, and what we can all do to make sure that they continue to matter in the right ways, that is, how all of us can contribute to developing and
honing the skills of local and global leaders to make peace and to make it last. When you can read and write in Afghanistan, you will typically put a pen in your pocket. So this whole industry is unsustainable. Men
drown at twice the rate of women, because men think they can swim across that lake. Can we find that language? He said this, he said, "Nothing is more fatal to the progress of the human mind than to presume
that our views of science are ultimate, that our triumphs are complete, that there are no mysteries in nature, and that there are no new worlds to conquer." Think about the Beatrices, think about the Adenikes
of this world, who are doing incredible things, that are bringing them into the global economy, whilst at the same time making sure that their fellow men and women are employed, and that the children in
those households get educated because their parents are earning adequate income. I have a solution that requires neither machine, nor wood, nor cooking gas. But it’s hard to break our habits, our adult habits. The
party line is that every single aspect of my life has just gotten dramatically better ever since I participated in the miracle that is childbirth and family. It won't, but it gives us a chance to study
these kinds of asteroids. We didn't really necessarily understand these keyholes, and now we do and it turns out that's really important, because how do you stop an asteroid like this? You see, if this
is true, and I believe it is, that the digital world you all created has uncoupled the creative imagination from the physical constraints of matter, this should be a piece of piss. Rear end, owner. Rear
end wins. appeared on air during the Vietnam War, five of the top-10 during the Nixon administration. The mirror allows that, but the mirror is not tainted, is not modified, is not altered by those images. Because,
of course, every technique that you've seen here is something that television and film producers The importance is that that technique has been democratized. They didn't fit in at the Institute. Like, if
you'd lost a leg, well, you get it back. And I grew up in this little farming town in northern Nevada. The animal world has objectified it. We can begin to sculpt the form. Before he was a legend, architect
Frank Gehry takes a whistlestop tour of his early work, from his house in Venice Beach to the American Center in Paris, which was under construction when he gave this talk. And that's very important, because
so many things hit the market at a price and then drift up. How could doing such a simple thing like walking and not talking make a difference? It's a prank, but it's a prank that gives somebody a great
story to tell. So, in fact, it's not permanently in the high seas. Exploring at the frontier of science, at the frontier of human understanding, is mind-blowing. And here is a Stone Age version of his story,
although he told it in terms of trade between countries. It's about embracing the paradox. I love the way that they can stare at a bug crossing the sidewalk. First component is you charge the car whenever
you stop -- So when you think about your parents or your grandparents, at best they may have created some photos or home videos, or a diary that lives in a box somewhere. "Ma, are you still doing that?" But
in fact, women moving into the job market is having a huge impact on sex and romance and family life. And if I fast-forward in time, what is interesting is that the technology is now available and celebratory. And
I just want to show you that I'm not just preaching, but I also practice. We take care of everyone. And so I kind of accepted the flattery and the praise and put it out of my mind. In fact, I don't think
it's even traded above six, except for a couple of little spikes. It has the power, potentially, to replace our fossil fuels, to revolutionize medicine, and to touch every aspect of our daily lives. I won't
go into details about what led to a decision I made, but let's just say it involved alcohol, cigarettes, other substances and a woman. Shane Koyczan: "To This Day" ... for the bullied and beautiful She said,
"Well, you're giving this talk, and you said you were going to take two more questions. And getting a hold of that was extremely difficult and laborious. And it's to help all of us, myself included, to counteract
the tendency And I realize we're all busy people, so don't worry, you can do this on a lunch break. You could go out into the community in Monterey, and you'd have difficulty finding a boy that has this
ability. Mick Ebeling: The invention that unlocked a locked-in artist And it's pretty simple. I go running across campus quick as I can. I duck into Hayes Hall. I didn't know how to read an architectural plan,
I didn't know what they were talking about, and I really couldn't handle the fact that a job -- a single job -- could go on for four years because I was used to immediacy in graphic design, and that kind
of attention to detail was really bad for somebody like me, with ADD. So, that's Kibera, the largest squatter community in Nairobi. We think liars won't look you in the eyes. What a puzzle -- I wonder why. AIDS,
TB, malaria, typhoid -- the list goes on. What we do in the lab is actually measure directly, in a quantitative fashion, what is the impact of video games on the brain. I want to talk about the transformed
media landscape, and what it means for anybody who has a message that they want to get out to anywhere in the world. And also, like Facebook and Google, they claim they are friends of the mouse, but sometimes
we see them dating the cats. And his tags popped off in the Caribbean and even in Brazil. This is what determines the quality of the life we've lived -- not whether we've been rich or poor, famous or unknown,
healthy or suffering. or is it a terrible picture? And I've been thinking about how that applies across a whole spectrum of realms, from, say, the ecological, okay. They followed these little shifts in your
mental activity. This is a typical angora embroidery for them. Should the control group in the clinical trial be given the best current treatment which is available anywhere in the world? And he was hanging
out with all us younger guys. I mean, you should see that. That's not the only thing it can do for you. Ronald Reagan, again, said the two funniest sentences in the English language are, "I'm from the government.
And I'm here to help." Man: See you. Bye. He had misheard me and thought I was coming up because I was trying to make a poster, and so wasn't prepared to take me into the mines. That is the word that comes
to mind. And even though I've only had a brief time to speak, I hope you appreciate that Mannahatta was a very special place. So if you keep further down the knowledge map, we're getting into more advanced
arithmetic. Well we're no genetically hardier than our ancestors were 10,000 years ago. He never told anyone that he had AIDS, his fear of the stigma was so strong. I thought, look at the impact that my research
has had. Calculating was typically the limiting step, and now often it isn't. And we keep going through it until we're certain that this is our bridge. Who's at the event? Whatever it is about that person,
where they were born, things like that. But I didn't like it. And I didn't agree with it. He started a computer tournament for people to submit prisoner's dilemma strategies and discovered, much to his surprise,
that a very, very simple strategy won -- Tom Krens came to me with Bilbao and explained it all to me, and I thought he was nuts. This is why we give bonuses to bankers and pay in all kinds of ways. outside
of ourselves, to be, say, that this is what we're going to elevate It's the bridge over the Drina River, the subject of a novel by Ivo Andrić, and it talks about how, in that very troubled part of Europe
and the Balkans, over time there's been enormous building of walls. Which means, "Take my camera." You can see all types of resolution. From here, I can slowly pan the image over. are not the end of the story. I
still don't know what you think of me, but I can live with that. Developing the mental flexibility to shift time perspectives fluidly depending on the demands of the situation, that's what you've got to
learn to do. And then only after this is done are you allowed to do this, begin to put forward architectural manifestations that manifest those positions. Well, I'm not going to explain this equation, but
theoretical physics is really an amazing subject. Now this point is very germane, I'm afraid, to the present. How was that passed on? How did he get to hear Mozart? It cannot hide behind the black hole. The
rest is up to your local community. No wonder people suffer around the world, and we have so many crimes of passion. It is happening all across the world, in every kind of walk of life, and every kind of
career and industry that you can think of. Both of them are about investing in entrepreneurs who are committed to service, and who really know the markets. ♫ Algeria, Bulgaria, Cambodia, Dominica, ♫ ♫ Egypt,
France, The Gambia ♫ ♫ Hungary, Iran, Japan, Kazakhstan, ♫ ♫ Libya and Mongolia. ♫ ♫ Norway, Oman, Pakistan, ♫ ♫ Qatar, Russia, Suriname, ♫ ♫ Turkey, Uruguay, Vietnam, ♫ ♫ West Xylophone, Yemen, Zimbabwe.
♫ ♫ Algeria, Bulgaria, Cambodia, Dominica, ♫ ♫ Egypt, France, The Gambia, ♫ ♫ Hungary, Iran, Japan, Kazakhstan, ♫ ♫ Libya and Mongolia. ♫ ♫ Norway, Oman, Pakistan, ♫ ♫ Qatar, Russia, Suriname, ♫ ♫ Turkey,
Uruguay, Vietnam, ♫ ♫ West Xylophone, Yemen, Zimbabwe. ♫ ♫ Azerbaijan, Bolivia, Canada, ♫ ♫ Australia, Belgium, Chad, ♫ ♫ Afghanistan, Brunei, China, Denmark, ♫ ♫ Ecuador, Fiji, Guatemala, ♫ ♫ Algeria,
Bulgaria, Cambodia, Dominica, ♫ ♫ Egypt, France, The Gambia, ♫ ♫ Hungary, Iran, Japan, Kazakhstan, ♫ ♫ Libya and Mongolia. ♫ ♫ Norway, Oman, Pakistan, ♫ ♫ Qatar, Russia, Suriname, ♫ ♫ Turkey, Uruguay,
Vietnam, ♫ ♫ West Xylophone, Yemen, Zimbabwe. ♫ Thank you so much. So it matters that you do this wise practice in the service of others and not in the service of yourself. And though that company has just
started, our assumption is that there too we'll see the impact on millions. But that is not the most distant or most famous picture of our planet. She said, "I don't know if he did it because he believed,
but he knew we were not going to leave. And I went in for a job interview in the Richmond Public Schools in Virginia, the capital city, bought a three-piece suit -- my concession to convention -- kept my
long beard and my afro and my platform shoes -- at the time it was the '70s -- and I walked in, and I sat down and had an interview. The Kraken, a beast so terrifying it was said to devour men and ships
and whales, and so enormous it could be mistaken for an island. So then we went forward and built our production line in China. "Not good enough." And that's what I'm going to be talking about. So why not
allow designers the opportunity to do this, but still protecting their rights here? Until you read the whole psalm, the whole chapter. brain,happiness,psychology,software Whether it was threats to the environment,
inequities in the distribution of wealth, lack of a sane policy or a sustainable policy with respect to the continuing uses of energy, we were in desperate straits. A lot of urban areas have been converted
into parking lots in a sort of indiscriminate use. We don't keep them all. There is no life without stories. I mean the unemployed, the under-privileged. Until they finally graduated and left campus, and --
glad to get away, I'm sure -- came back sometime later, and found the crows still remembered them. And we said, listen, during the lean season, take the food out. We don't know what any of these symbols
mean. Temple Grandin: Because who do you think made the first stone spears? He snips it, throws the tip over his shoulder, and then grabs the scrotum and pushes it upward, and then his head dips down, obscuring
my view, but what I hear is a slurping sound, and a noise that sounds like Velcro being yanked off a sticky wall and I am not even kidding. One of the largest collections is called the Brain Opera. They
said, "They have become really deep thinkers and so on and so forth. She was earning 450 dollars. She was doing okay. And when you listen to them, they'll also have a lot to say about what they like and
what they don't like. So, it's another good news/bad news story. And if you play that well, you'll have other people involved, so even that game extends and continues even when you're gone. And then the landing,
as we have seen, arriving on this side of the channel, is through a parachute. If you are buying something on the web, you're supposed to put in your address and you're supposed to choose which country
you're from, OK? A Taliban fighter shot during a battle as the Northern Alliance entered the city of Kunduz. And then they'd listen to Demosthenes, and they'd say, "Let's march." Reuters health editor Ivan
Oransky warns that we’re suffering from an epidemic of preposterous preconditions -- pre-diabetes, pre-cancer, and many more. In this engaging talk from TEDMED he shows how health care can find a solution...
by taking an important lesson from baseball. culture,global issues,history,world cultures Using the very first telephone, Watson was in fact dialed into the heavens. But, reliable Dutchman" -- -- "Fantastic!" And
I still think the Time magazine picture will be of the binoculars, you know, leaving out the -- what the hell. I like the physical book. I have behind this wall a disk drive, a CPU, a graphics card, a memory
system. These are my sculptures. And we've gotten sick as long as we've been people. We can and must do better, not just in time for her granddaughters and my daughters, but in time for you. He gets out of
the military. He takes his uniform off. They do tastings of these ingredients in the gardening classes. At this point I think we have a little impressionistic film that was made especially for this occasion. And
if you look at the economy, it really is only providing opportunities now to people with a better education. And in the measure that you can do that, you can go home today, and get on the Internet, and
access the world's biggest public library, which is a library of life. This one I personally love, because the idea that architecture is not just about solutions, but about raising awareness. Because all
this light here goes up to the sky. It never reaches the ground where it was meant for. So, to conclude, intelligent power can, globally, save thousands of lives, prevent tens of thousands of injuries,
and eliminate tens of billions of dollars in property damage every single year, while significantly reducing global energy consumption. So even if you're an extrovert yourself, I'm talking about your coworkers
and your spouses and your children and the person sitting next to you right now -- all of them subject to this bias that is pretty deep and real in our society. Yes, we are a brilliant and creative species,
but we've created a little too much stuff -- so much that our economy is now bigger than its host, our planet. The gap is very tiny, and I've blown it up so you can see it. And we have people all over the
world doing that now. And then the Moon in the center, and it's floating. And this is in France. In addition to that, it can also screen areas for privacy, so that it can differentiate from some of the public
areas in the space during different times of day. And we're going to be able to invent brain-based interventions for children who have difficulty learning. it was like two snails in a mating dance. Now, the
Saturn system is a rich planetary system. Our drinking water safe we make. And we're trying to tell them, "It's not futile. But are they really? And here we asked Motts to calculate backwards from 100. This
diagram was our sort of position piece about the book, and our position was, books are technology -- that's something people forget -- but it's a form of technology that will have to share its dominance
with any other form of truly potent technology or media. Dean Ornish talks about simple, low-tech and low-cost ways to take advantage of the body's natural desire to heal itself. And also they've made us
dependent on systems that only they can deliver, that, as we've seen, are unsustainable. And apparently it was quite popular. So this is Turbo. It's made from polysaccharides and proteins. After treatment,
about every week, we run the child on a battery of simple visual tests in order to see how their visual skills are coming on line. BF: OK, sorry. But only in the last 120 years people started, or people
knew more and more how to exploit, or how to use, this biological control phenomenon, or in fact, natural control phenomenon, to their own needs. This animal's fossils are only found in this area of South
America -- a nice clean band here -- and this part of Africa. But what this image represents was the problem. The first six tracks here -- artificial intelligence, advanced computing technologies, biotechnology,
nanotechnology -- are the different core areas of information technology. drawings from sketchbooks looking at the details of Rome. Then we went on to the dreaded fractions. Again, he got it. And then I came
across a team at Harvard University that had taken one such advanced medical technology and finally applied it, instead of in brain research, towards diagnosing brain disorders in children. And I asked
one of the voters, I said, "Whom are you going to vote for?" When you're tired of opening and closing those blinds day after day, when you're on vacation and there's no one there on the weekends to be turning
off and on the controls, or when there's a power outage, and you have no electricity to rely on, these thermo-bimetals will still be working tirelessly, efficiently and endlessly. Thank you. Wherever anybody
else looks, look somewhere else, and go do something different, you know, and doing that. And you see all the world moves over to a two child family, and a life with 60 to 70 years. You actually just did
that. At that time, it was the head of Caritas Germany. And another engineer thought, "Well, that would be a really good thing to use" And that was run by them. My little boy's right there, and he's like,
"She's not kidding. And the rules and the belief systems were wildly disparate. First of all, was that dance, even though it hadn't been offered to her, was her life. I don't want to be a sucker. I'm not
going to cooperate." whatever happens after death. They are really going to come to operate in this realm. And as those numbers suggest, I was inducted into an elite and fascinating and exhilarating world. It's
not in their taste, really. It's not in their texture. When you think of the future then, do you think it's more likely to be Big Brother exerting more control, more secrecy, or us watching Big Brother,
or it's just all to be played for either way? One of them is, "Poetry is when you make new things familiar and familiar things new." That's about as much CO2 as there is in the whole world. For a group of
very dedicated individuals -- photographers and states -- were able to actually change a tragic trajectory that was destroying fragile seascapes such as this coral garden that you see in front of you. We
were sitting over there with a country in a downfall, in a slow-motion downfall. And I like to explore all the possibilities in the hope that you'll be on the wavelength of your audience. But you know, that
makes me feel good, because Richard Dawkins has told us how to treat a priesthood. And human beings became its stewards, And the actual roof is made up of a fiber, which I found in my sister's old teddy
bear. Tapestries were portable. You could roll them up, send them ahead of you, and in the time it took to hang them up, you could transform a cold, dank interior into a richly colored setting. People, on
the other hand, was a different subject. There are also these smaller cells as you'll see. So meat and urbanism are rising hand in hand. So not only do they have the very long eyelashes, but there's the secondary
-- I guess you'd call it the [unclear] or whatever. That is what economists do. So I said, "What's wrong in this picture?" "Baby girl, someday the world will be in trouble. He is the only model for black community;
I don't care Jesse Jackson. Well, we had a party. This is Africa -- we have good parties in Africa. And last month, they threw a surprise party for me. This is so cool." "This is so cool! And people ask me,
"Lewis, what can we do about climate change?" Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen. We call it mycophobia, the irrational fear of the unknown, when it comes to fungi. They were not related to her, but
they tried to find out, They used a cycle, they put together a breathing apparatus. The throwaway society cannot be contained -- it has gone global. What I want to talk about today is this particular cell,
or grouping of cells, that is in each and every one of us. She gave birth; I caught the baby; I got off the island; I landed in San Francisco; and all the press wanted to talk to me because my three weeks
on the island made me an expert in Indian affairs. So The 99 work in teams of three. They don't feel different. It was really bad news. We need to do it for our own economy. ♫ Heh, heh, heh, heh, heh, heh,
heh, heh, heh, heh. ♫ ♫ I'm just a'walking my dog, singing my song, strolling along. ♫ ♫ Yeah, it's just me and my dog, catching some sun. We can't go wrong. ♫ ♫ My life was lonely and blue. ♫ ♫ Yeah,
I was sad as a sailor, ♫ ♫ I was an angry 'un too. ♫ ♫ Then there was you -- appeared when I was entangled with youth and fear, ♫ ♫ and nerves jingle jangled, vermouth and beer were getting me mangled
up. ♫ ♫ But then I looked in your eyes ♫ ♫ and I was no more a failure. ♫ ♫ You looked so wacky and wise. ♫ ♫ And I said, "Lord, I'm happy, 'cause I'm just a'walking my dog, ♫ ♫ catching some sun. We can't
go wrong." ♫ ♫ Yeah, it's just me and my dog, singing our song, strolling along. ♫ ♫ 'Cause I don't care about your hating and your doubt, ♫ ♫ and I don't care what the politicians spout. ♫ ♫ If you need
a companion, why, just go out to the pound, ♫ ♫ and find yourself a hound, and make that doggie proud, ♫ ♫ 'cause that's what it's all about. ♫ ♫ Heh, heh, heh, heh, heh, heh, heh, heh, heh, heh. ♫ ♫ My
life was tragic and sad. ♫ ♫ I was the archetypal loser. ♫ ♫ I was a pageant gone bad. ♫ ♫ And then there was you -- on time, and wagging your tail ♫ ♫ in the cutest mime that you was in jail. ♫ ♫ I said,
"Woof, be mine!" and you gave a wail and then ♫ ♫ I was no longer alone. ♫ ♫ And I was no more a boozer. ♫ ♫ We'll make the happiest home. ♫ ♫ And I said, "Lord, I'm happy, 'cause I’m just a'walking my
dog, ♫ ♫ singing my song, strolling along." ♫ ♫ Yeah, it's just me and my dog, catching some sun. We can't go wrong, ♫ ♫ 'cause I don't care about your hating and your doubt, ♫ ♫ and I don’t care what
the politicians spout. ♫ ♫ If you need a companion, why, just go out to the pound, ♫ ♫ and find yourself a hound, and make that doggie proud, ♫ ♫ 'cause that's what it's all about, ♫ ♫ that's what it's
all about, ♫ ♫ that's what it's all abou-BOW-WOW-WOW-WOW ♫ ♫ that's what it's all about. ♫ ♫ Heh, heh, heh, heh, heh. ♫ Good dog! This must drive you crazy. The media plays an important role in developing
our relationship with political change, mainly by ignoring politics and focusing on celebrities and scandals, but even when they do talk about important political issues, they do it in a way that I feel
discourages engagement. If only there was a way to automate this." So it's a very big number. We require high-end talent management to keep the rock band together and playing. "Ma, have you no shame? In six
years now, we have four schools, one junior college, So, I think all people, we need that, but especially, I look at people like me, you know like, I mean, Latinos -- we're about to be the majority, in
like two weeks. It was because the Real IRA and other terrorist groups, their whole strength is from the fact that they are an underdog. When we put the victims as the underdog and flipped it, they didn't
know what to do. They flash, and sparkle, and glow with their own living light. This green goo is perhaps the vaccine that could save your life. That is not enough. DH: The French judge ... BF: One more quick
thing. We arrived at the South Pole. We huddled into that tent, 45 below that day, I'll never forget it. Give teachers scripts to follow in the classroom, so even if they don't know what they're doing and
don't care about the welfare of our kids, as long as they follow the scripts, our kids will get educated. The dog says, "I don't think so." I mean, who in their right mind would think that a dog would want
to approach them when they're screaming like that? What do they tell us? That's bad news for the polar bears. But once angiogenesis occurs, cancers can grow exponentially. We are not the determined product
of billions of years of evolutionary plotting and planning. The idea is that the families join with pride and joy in the activities of the orchestras and the choirs And I must say, before I go on, I should
ask every one of you to try and get out pen and paper because I'm actually going to ask you to help me to look at how we do that. Most bees don't perceive red. Sometimes I get help from the universe, it
seems. It turns out they're actually in Hollywood Bowl in Los Angeles listening to the L.A. Philharmonic playing video game music. and so I guess there's a little bit of irony to it. Islam,culture,religion So
I hope you're going to hear this. Water is energy intensive. And maybe, indirectly, get at some of the issues of what caused them to be the way they are. And everybody can do it. This is in the National Theatre
studio, the place where they cook new ideas. And this is the part, it's the part I just love. "Yeah, it was devastating when we lost everything in that fire, but it's kind of nice sleeping out here under
the stars, and it's a good thing you've got all that body fat to keep us warm." Intuitive is just another word for familiar. And you've got to use nuts from the rainforests to show that forests are worth
more as forests than they are as pasture." this deck is bought here. Sorry. So, in a very real sense, I believe that we, as an international community, should get organized to complete the task. But first,
she said she's not interested. Two days it took the Times Online to make a map, a mashable map -- we call these things mash-ups -- a mashed-up user interface that allows you to go in there and have a look
and find out whether your bicycle route to work was affected. Unfortunately, I personally do not believe in the Marshall Plan. Because, again, I'm trying to get energy solved for America. So we have here,
this couple. and just the fact that people care makes a huge difference to them. There are all these physics geeks who are there thinking, "Oh my gosh! This is incredible. I can't believe this has happened." We
need to make the same approach with the Internet. Girl 4: I wouldn't like it. Chris Anderson: I probably understood two percent of that, but I still absolutely loved it. So I'm going to sound dumb. So there
could be another universe just a millimeter away from ours, but we're not aware of it because that millimeter is measured in some fourth spatial dimension, and we're imprisoned in our three. So bread has
become from a main staple, a source of calories associated with obesity and also a source of modernity, of modern life. She turned out to be a much bigger dog than I'd anticipated. I watched my own net worth
falling by about a million dollars a day, every day, for 18 months. You have the green for example, that corresponds to tactile information, or the blue that corresponds to auditory information. Wait, wait,
wait. And of course, Scott Fitzgerald said famously that "he who invented consciousness would have a lot to be blamed for." And they have these GlowCaps, which, you know, flash and email you and do all sorts
of cool things to remind you to take your medicine. Here are some examples -- So we rented this space. Every morning, this is for months, I would wake up and the first thing that I would do is I would hold
my breath A couple of years later -- so I get really excited about these things -- about a couple of years later, there was a 13-month-old, she was from Canada. The second one is that the partner is willing
to work even though he's not interested in the food. That is great. Then someone on the tracks screamed. The "dismal science" truly shines in this optimistic talk, as economist Alex Tabarrok argues free trade
and globalization are shaping our once-divided world into a community of idea-sharing more healthy, happy and prosperous than anyone's predictions. I have been to the mountain top. I can see the future. So
that's it. Thank you. 360 million in a market -- in a country that is a poor country, with an average per capita income just under 500 dollars per capita. : Madd Chadd: When people first see me, I get a
lot of different reactions actually. And she said, "What's the struggle?" And we do that with electricity. This looks like a good chance to go for the summit. I put it on my finger, switch it on, and in about
20 seconds it'll give me, on the little screen here, a value of hemoglobin, oxygen saturation and heart rate. As we made our way up towards the spectacular Blue Mountains west of Sydney, it was the perfect
autumn day: sunshine, the smell of eucalypt and a dream. But they had great diversity, and, inside, great complexity. It was sold to proto-feminist housewives as a way to cut down on housework. Two great
texts, what about the politics? So Kleiber is about process. So the store actually did really well. She could easily be up here giving a talk about her work. This is not a happy thing. Look, if this happens
to you, I can give you ... This stuff is still not as good at the original equipment." But I have news for you: our thinking is backwards. There was this guy buying a book, he was in his 30s. They've passed
the wrong piece of legislation. Whatever it is. There's a lot of little things involved in making a rocket that it will actually work, even after you have the fuel. I was afraid of womanhood. So when we see
E equals mc squared come along, from a poet's perspective, we see energy as physics, chemistry as mass, and all of a sudden, you get this biology. The gray market's a big issue. And one of the ways -- just
one -- but one of the ways to help in the case of the gray market is to make something that is so utterly unique. Then, somebody gave me a bidet, so it got a bidet. It's a kind of an aria, I would say, and
in many tapes that I have. And what do you dedicate it to, in exploring a particular thing? I'd just like to show a clip from a most recent project. But now I'm glad I remember it. And one day I had a -- oh,
well, the other way. It can pick up very delicate objects like a raw egg, or in this case, a lightbulb. Now finding that 18th camel in the world's conflicts has been my life passion. I think first it's important
for us to recognize what it is to be blind. I don't know if we named the apple or if the apple named us, but ... And here are the low-power poses. I was all set to do it and I was thinking, "Aw man," I was
just going to impose upon the powers that be, and measure the speed of light. They often hit their target but miss the point. And that's what I try to do. What can we offer those people? So we decided to test
this in the lab. And I think I'll probably leave it at that. Thank you very much. The denominator of the gymnosophist's life was infinity. It's not that they usually sue, The women in this room are lotuses
in a sea of fire. My dad was always whistling around the house, and I just thought that's part of communication in my family. The animal is controlling the avatar to touch the targets. These are hopping microbot
swarms. What is at the other end of that bridge is for this audience to figure out. Like everything you see, every time you wake up. You feel kind of sorry for the guy. And I'm also trying to have some meals,
and have some snacks, and, you know, and yell at my children, and do all the normal things that keep you grounded. Everybody joins in, and they feel they own the bank, because they have brought the money
in. Danish architect Bjarke Ingels rockets through photo/video-mingled stories of his eco-flashy designs. His buildings not only look like nature -- they act like nature: blocking the wind, collecting solar
energy -- and creating stunning views. We know that something has gone fundamentally wrong. You know it, I know it, but let's not waste our time talking about these mistakes because we'll spend all day
here. And I would go biking up to the end of the beach and buy all the comics from the poor kids. Never. He always, always treated each of us, you know, equally unbearably during the class. And the last sentence
of Nessun Dorma that she was singing in the stadium was "green onion for free." Carbon-dioxide emission, metric ton per capita. It comes back to instinct. The Blue System. The Violet. It's all there. They
basically create a cache of weapons for your immune system which you can deploy when needed. At Acumen Fund, we take philanthropic resources and we invest what we call patient capital -- money that will
invest in entrepreneurs who see the poor not as passive recipients of charity, but as full-bodied agents of change who want to solve their own problems and make their own decisions. This is the Italian
portal, the Ukrainian park, the Polish park, the Japanese square, the German park. See, like this one? Even in the best-resourced countries in the world, this life expectancy gap is as much as 20 years. The
last one I wanted to talk about was dialogue. They switch really fast, very swiftly. They pay a very small cost. We know the rules. You write the code. You follow the -- and you get the results. Once you
know the game you just, you know, you up the ante, don't you? In the late '40s, my dad -- a Pullman porter, son of a slave -- bought a house in the Hunts Point section of the South Bronx, and a few years
later he married my mom. and you're looking land -- new land -- being created right before your eyes. They all need a face. We were growing plants like crazy. AB: Absolutely. I, like many of you, meet people
who say things like, "But isn't there something bigger than us, something else?" And you would carry this around with you, and if everything went to hell, you could make payments and buy your life. So if
these images are uncomfortable to you or disturbing to you, that means we did the right job. It's really any technology where we can measure the underlying information properties. And all of the Muslim majority
countries across the income are coming down, as do the Christian majority countries in the middle income range. Though, for a lot of people, the people who step don't usually get kidnapped or knocked over
the head. Just remember that single acne spot that crippled you for several days. And I think all of us here are a part of producing whatever that next thing is. Recent surveys show that 92 percent of veterans
want to continue their service when they take off their uniform. I'm not even telling you the story because I think we should be running more carefully controlled randomized trials in all aspects of public
policy, although I think that would also be completely awesome. So as I mentioned, there are 86 billion neurons. That led me to another step of why I'm here today, is because I really liked media of all
kinds. In many ways this is the perfect example. It's thicker, it's darker, it's coarser, it doesn't have the contours. Oh well, different story. Well, not the one we tagged! The brainless rich are more fun
to make fun of than anybody. I do a lot of that. This is the first day -- it just gives the appearance that one is becoming the other. 30 years of rose garden diplomacy have not delivered us peace in this
conflict. six motors, but it has springy, tuned legs. It moves in the gait of the insect. It has the middle leg moving in synchrony with the front, and the hind leg on the other side. Sort of an alternating
tripod, and they can negotiate obstacles just like the animal. I'm here to tell you the story of Audur Capital, which is a financial firm founded by me and Kristin -- who you see in the picture -- in the
spring of 2007, just over a year before the economic collapse hit. Whether we sell, it doesn't make any difference whatsoever. Sanford Meisner was my Uncle Artie yelling silently to himself, "Something's
always wrong when nothing's always right." Chris Anderson: Ladies and gentlemen, Mr. Ze Frank. If you follow that curve, you'll see that it starts way down there. We do that on chimpanzees that live in Lawrenceville,
in the field station of Yerkes. And one of them is the lacking buying power. "You've never really been sure of this, but I can assure you that this quirk you're so self-conscious of is intensely endearing. Stefano
Mancuso: The roots of plant intelligence It is moving from Stage Three to Stage Four. I don't think it's quite as specific a mechanism as the one you alluded to, but maybe a more fundamental one underlying
it. These guys down on Wall Street, Marco Polo and Cherokee Nation, they're eight microseconds behind all these guys going into the empty buildings being hollowed out up around the Carrier Hotel. And what
Vannevar Bush was saying was the way we use information is broken. How do they do it then? Believe it or not, they grab on by intermolecular forces, by Van der Waals forces. In New Orleans, the elderly and
female-headed households were among the most vulnerable. But a small number of them did, Usually it has to do with ethnicity or race or sectarianism, or it's a power struggle. So what he says is, very often,
is like this: he says, "He tells me, he tells me, before he passed, that he had trouble breathing." But in the early days, the only way I could get to the bottom was to crawl into a submarine, a very small
submarine, and go down to the bottom. It's called the Comfort. CA: And as you think of your life going forward, do you picture continuing with this dream of working in energy? It's a uniquely human achievement. Because
I wasn't exactly sure how I felt about that question. Now, if they'd asked me, Do you feel that God loves you with all his heart? Well, I think there are three chief ways that it should make an enormous
difference: in transparency, in greater choice and in accountability, in giving us that genuine people power. But there's a kind of wonder in the stuff that gets edited away in the cords of life. So, the
question is how do you go from the mud-hut village, to the more developed city, to the even highly developed Sultanbelyi? When we talk about the brain, it is anything but unidimensional or simplistic or
reductionistic. This is a total kludge, if you ask me. In Burundi I walked into a prison and it wasn't a 12-year-old boy, it was an 8-year-old boy for stealing a mobile phone. So, would little Lewis have
an astrolabe? I kept up the charade for eight years. Now, you can see copious amounts of saliva in there. [Unclear] I call myself the unstable stable boy. And that alternates with a sediment that looks like
this. And also they reference how the uvula -- everything they say is fallen because of the forbidden fruit. And so Ivan goes to get a drink. Nate Silver: Does race affect votes? Just moving on, is it possible,
taking that idea of mind, body, body-building, to supplant the first body, the biological body, with the second, the body of architecture and the built environment. These sausage-shaped things are the chromosomes,
and we'll focus on them. They dance, they act -- and the more they do, they are praised. But I didn't get it. And the child was just zipping right through it, showing them all sorts of things until they asked
him how to do something which he couldn't explain and so he flipped through the manual, found the explanation and typed the command and got it to do what they asked. My husband works in this big office. Now,
many events can be subject to either construal, kind of like the classic figure-ground reversal illusions, in which you can either pay attention to the particular object, in which case the space around
it recedes from attention, or you can see the faces in the empty space, in which case the object recedes out of consciousness. Here's some more data from our testing. ♫ It's nine o' clock on a Saturday ♫
♫ The record store's closed for the night ♫ ♫ So I fire up the old iTunes music store ♫ ♫ And soon I am feelin' all right ♫ ♫ I know Steve Jobs can find me a melody ♫ ♫ With one dollar pricing that rocks
♫ ♫ I can type in the track and get album names back ♫ ♫ While still in my PJs and socks ♫ ♫ Sell us a song, you're the music man ♫ ♫ My iPod's still got 10 gigs to go ♫ ♫ Yes, we might prefer more compatibility
♫ ♫ But Steve likes to run the whole show ♫ ♫ I heard "Desperate Housewives" was great last night ♫ ♫ But I had a bad piece of cod ♫ ♫ As I threw up my meal, I thought, "It's no big deal" ♫ ♫ I'll watch
it tonight on my 'Pod ♫ ♫ And now all of the networks are joining in ♫ ♫ Two bucks a show without ads ♫ ♫ It's a business those guys always wanted to try ♫ ♫ But only Steve Jobs had the 'nads ♫ ♫ They
say we're young, don't watch TV ♫ ♫ They say the Internet is all we see ♫ ♫ But that's not true; they've got it wrong ♫ ♫ See, all our shows are just two minutes long ♫ ♫ Hey ♫ ♫ I got YouTube ♫ ♫ I got
YouTube ♫ And now, ladies and gentlemen, a tribute to the Recording Industry Association of America -- the RIAA! JD: Absolutely. CA: All right, well I must say, if this conference led in some way to advancing
that idea, that's a huge idea, and if you carry that forward, that is really awesome, so thank you. JD: I'd love your help. It's bursting with life. Social activists, business leaders, lawyers, politicians,
professionals will join the faculty as active and ongoing participants in this wedding of liberal education to the advancement of the public good. Because, as I'll explain to you, the questions on the smallest
and the largest scale are actually very connected. And there are all these interesting tools. But I don't want to take responsibility of your emotional baggage. And so we have to figure out how they balance
those two things. So they would come up with all these ideas. If you look at the federal budget, this is what it looks like. Now, I explained this growth of complexity by reference to something called "non-zero
sumness." Assuming that a few of you did not do the assigned reading, very quickly, the key idea is the distinction between zero-sum games, in which correlations are inverse: always a winner and a loser. C.K.
Williams' poetry of youth and age But we need to support these [unclear], critical and responsible voices in Africa, in Lebanon, in your local newspaper, in the Apple store. The fourth way in which sound
affects us is behaviorally. We need to make sure that all of the pieces of the ecosystem are there so the ecosystem can adapt to the effects of global warming. At his open prison, he came under the influence
of financial fraudsters, and those financial fraudsters persuaded him to work for them on his release. Here are the guards with the symbols of power and anonymity. Am I out of time? OK. So for any problem,
the more you can zoom out and embrace complexity, the better chance you have of zooming in on the simple details that matter most. Because Gestalt Psychology emphasizes recognition of pattern over parts
that comprise a pattern. But you don't understand people's anger towards us until you see the people in the hospitals and the victims of the war, and how do we get out of this bubble? The final project I'll
talk about is one that's very close to my heart, and it involves an economic and social value that is associated with epiphytic plants. Normally when you improvise -- and I do it all the time around the
world -- there's this initial period of horror, like everyone's too frightened to throw the hat into the ring, We have white sharks and blue sharks. Now what are some of the results? It was great for their
genetic fitness. You might think of this as kind of like a primitive cell. It is a simple chemical model of a living cell, and if you consider for example a cell in your body may have on the order of millions
of different types of molecules that need to come together, play together in a complex network to produce something that we call alive. And here's the building as it opened, with a channel overlooking downtown,
and as seen from downtown. But maybe we can afford to provide each student with a computer or a smartphone. But then I started dreaming of having six colors. RB: Well, I like to think it stands for quality,
that you know, if somebody comes across a Virgin company, they -- Now, that was my first puzzle. I got hooked. We built the hardware and the software. What I want you to do is to create a biologically inspired
design. You know, what are you supposed to do? And we've had the opportunity to work with some very advanced arms that were funded by the U.S. military, using these prototypes, that had up to 10 different
degrees of freedom including movable hands. So what we can do, then, is based on how much distortion we see in those images, we can calculate how much mass there must be in this cluster. A company flies
in, does a deal with a minister. And that's great for the company, and it's quite often great for the minister -- -- and it's not great for their country. I dove onto eBay a couple of days ago and an octopus.
Ain't that amazing? Now, Roger spooked him so he took off in a cloud of ink, and when he lands the octopus says, "Oh, I've been seen. The best thing to do is to get as big as I can get." And so I look at
this bike as not being a designer bike, but being a very good example of design. Susan: "lol, I see it." Poster for Atlantic Center for the Arts, a school in Florida. It's a moving truck through L.A., and
the only way you can find it is through Twitter. You have one tetrahedron which is the gate that's going to do your computing, and you have two input tetrahedrons. You bike across the state. You walk up
and down the river. I'm working with architect Neil Spiller at the Bartlett School of Architecture, and we're collaborating with international scientists in order to generate these new materials from a
bottom up approach. It seems like what happens in our culture is a sort of pragmatic attitude: "Well, we have to draw the line somewhere, so we will draw the line somewhere." In 1987 I heard of a story about
a boy that fell through ice and was trapped under a river. and in 1980 we declared the globe free of smallpox. And shame is really easily understood as the fear of disconnection: Is there something about
me that, if other people know it or see it, that I won't be worthy of connection? They said, "Wow! children,communication,culture,education,entertainment,sex,web It's just a sign of things to come. And in
this one it's called "Drawing the Short Stick." For kids growing up, that skill is the bedrock of development. The reason is because the most important design secret of the brain Every neuron is different. and
this needs to be like this. And again, the way in which that works as a building, for those of us who can enjoy the spaces, to live and visit there. So my uncle is only dealing with a mechanical interface. Now,
it turns out the electric charge is actually a combination of two other charges: hypercharge and weak charge. And here we are now. We're running out of fossil fuels. In other words, it is accelerating by
a factor of 10. So, we've invented ourselves. Of all the animals that we have domesticated, the most important animal that we've domesticated has been us. Okay? So, bright guy, could be wrong on that one,
I don't know. I didn't know who she was, and she said, "Did you get George Abbott to talk?" Epilepsy can best be treated by responsive electrical stimulation. Presumably, this is just for Christian music. Maybe
he's worried that he's going bald. but right now I would say we don't have a card catalog for it. And the plants will filter, by the roots, the dirty water of the fish. And we also know that the world has
changed in other ways, that since 1960 there are one-third as many new countries that exist as independent entities on the planet. And I stayed. I don't know why I stayed, but I stayed. They're starting
to invest in materials science, but these are the new things in materials science. And this is what we have to deal with. I was hesitant to include this in my presentation because this cartoon was published
soon after 9/11. Your country talks about democracy, He has all these discussions with their family, and he digs through everything they have, and he finds materials to make work. I'm sorry, there's nothing
normal about this. The countries on the right, the ones that give a lot, have a slightly different form. What I mean is the world holds me so tightly -- the good and the bad -- my own follies and weakness
that even this counterfeit Venus with her sham heat, and her bosom probably plumped with gel, so moves me my breath catches. So we go back to the prevention of mother to child transmission. Even the idea
of us as a family was challenging to most people. Now, so I know the frequency. What do you think was the reason?" Female Narrator: Women come to us, and they are crying and scared. Now, why do we use -- add
on, nearly, an epileptic focus? These are a couple of garage doors painted identical, situated next to each other. So we've been evolving to talk in a way in which there is no record. In fact, even the next
big change to writing was only 500 years ago now, with the printing press, which is very recent in our past, and literacy rates remained incredibly low right up until World War II, so even the people of
the last two millennia, most of the words they ever said -- poof! -- disappeared. And in fact, would even dump the grain in Lake Michigan, rather than spend more money transporting it back to their farms. You
know the sawing-the-lady-in-half trick? They just knew like, hey, they were going to build calculators and traffic light controllers. But it's going to be big. I think we have a design problem. This means
that the Critic must have spoken in that animal, and that the Critic must be contained among the dopamine-producing neurons on the left, but not among the dopamine producing neurons on the right. But his
brother, Ganesha, simply walked around his parents once, twice, thrice, and said, "I won." I'll shut up, except one message Now, look at this. This wedding dress here is actually made of sporks, cars,design,engineering,green,transportation Can
you extract from Chris another minute and a half for me, because I have a video I have to show you. Often they travel on pre-published routes. And they say this with an amazing confidence. These vectors and
arrows represent ever stronger trade relationships that China has with every country in the region. This is their newspaper, the "Straight-Up News," that has an ongoing column from Mayor Gavin Newsom in
both languages -- English and Spanish. Funds for education, for training and for rehabilitation are declining, Have we stopped seeing injustice? And like airport traffic control, as they start to go past
us they're called back -- and they're called back and back and back. So you can reconstruct a whole movement. And he had a lump of iron. And, in a way, I wanted the human figure in the picture to become a
part of that nature. It's called apropos of the Italian adage that I lifted from his forward, "If This Be Treason." And it's a charming read. So they asked them at the beginning, "Do you think you'll actually
be able to stick with this program?" Maybe realizing that the number is just eight percent might help cool some of the superheated rhetoric that we see around the immigration issue. You can try and find
out how he's moving out assets from that country. You'll see broad bacterial groups, and if you look at the shape of this pink lobe, it tells you something about the relative abundance of each group. And,
most important, they need to learn to respect learning. So we try and get rid of those, and so doing, try to get rid of the habits, the emotions, the ideas that enslave us, that make our eyes closed, give
us tunnel vision so we don't see the needs of others -- and free ourselves and free ourselves from that. And what I'm going to try and do is plant some ideas about how we can transform inorganic, dead matter
into living matter, into inorganic biology. You know? You go to the theater, you're just so excited to see anything. If there's a YouTube-like site that you could put up, you could make it interactive, zip
code specific -- where people could join together, and through satellite imaging systems, through Virtual Earth or Google Earth, you could confirm carbon credits are being sequestered And the two divine
people fought, and the gods were on the side of divinity. The Wireless Watch flopped miserably in the market, but it wasn't because it wasn't simply and beautifully designed. Einstein described his scientific
method as combinatory play. It started with me posing a question to my graduate student, Severin Hacker. The time it was Chris Connor singing "Lush Life" -- how it brought back my college sweetheart, my
first real love, who -- till I left her -- played the same record. And head on my shoulder, hand on my thigh, sang sweetly along, of regrets and depletions she was too young for, as I was too young, later,
to believe in her pain. It startled, then bored, then repelled me. And that really resonated with me. So insects, just for free, contribute to the economy of the United States with about the same order of
magnitude, just for free, without everyone knowing. They couldn't anticipate cell phones and the Internet and all this kind of stuff. The trick is you can't see them, you can't talk to them. So, it's just
a season. And there are two seasons in most of South Asia. It strikes me as practically libertarian. Just to give you an idea of scale, that installation there is about six feet across, and the tallest models
are about two or three feet high. Sente is a word in Uganda that means money. They don't. They don't. They'll say, "S'cuse me, flying around." So, like Snoopy, we can't just lie there and think great thoughts
about our neighbors. So this is what we did. We implanted electrodes in the fornix of patients with Alzheimer's disease, we turned it on, and we looked at what happens to glucose use in the brain. The teapot
problem I'll pose this way. There is the Achilles' heel of growing inequality -- those that are left out, those that feel angry, those that are not participating. Globalization has not been inclusive. and
the nice thing about complexity is it's fundamentally intractable in many ways, so you're not responsible for outcomes. That's progress: when we prove things wrong. In Arkansas they don't even ask." Imagine
I give you a choice. The only supplies I had at that altitude were two plastic bags with preloaded syringes of painkiller and steroids. I am Bill Gates and I write the code. They were great TV because it
gave the audience a role, something to do. We're not finished with the video yet. At least I can admit I cheated in university; most of you won't. so my life is going to complicated. Bear with me. So for about
$50 of hardware, you can have your own whiteboard. So we have three of world's top economists write about climate change. The first industry will be a high volume, a lot of players. And so now we go onto
Enceladus. Enceladus is a small moon, it's about a tenth the size of Titan. And you can see it here next to England, just to show you the size. This is not meant to be a threat. And here's what she answered:
"Just do it." The workers rarely spoke about the products they made, and they often had great difficulty explaining what exactly they did. The next thing I'd like to be clear about is what this problem is,
and what this problem isn't. Because this is not all about charity. In India, the definition of literacy, operating definition of literacy, is the ability, the grand ability, to write your own name in whatever
language you happen to speak. I know that's been pressing on many of your minds. No, we start by looking for common threats because common threats make common ground. My travels to Afghanistan began many,
many years ago on the eastern border of my country, my homeland, Poland. But fortunately, Henry Kramer, who put up the prize for -- that was a one-mile flight -- put up a new prize for flying the English
Channel, 21 miles. And he thought it would take another 18 years for somebody to win that. So, the beauty of mesh networks: you can have these very low-cost devices. And I asked him what he felt was the
best thing I could do, or anyone could do, to make a difference in the long-term issues facing humanity. I have a few areas that I believe are especially important that we address. This is not what our parliament
would do. You know, And then you can also text the fish. And that tension, that discovery, that push for something new -- and at the same time, that sense of obligation to the regards of craftsmanship --
that's as strong in cars as it is in anything. And even though that turned out to be nothing, nothing at all -- -- merely a downed weather balloon piloted by small hairless men with slits for mouths ... So
really, any of these angles should have been enough to convince me to go vegetarian. You know, we saw this in the core samples as they came up. Hans Rosling shows the best stats you've ever seen That, in
my view, gives us the first opportunity as a community to fundamentally change the world. But it can't be the fault of somebody like this. If they're slightly skewed, we'll see a different image. This might
not sound like a large number, but in a country with 76 million people, it means there are 930,000 that are infected. Well, the first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects
by our lab. Here I created a contest called, "When Office Supplies Attack," which, I think, really resonated with the -- working population. And the thing is, it's not just big industry. Now I can describe
the symptoms of the God complex very, very easily. "So, when that didn't work out I had to make a few arrangements, let me tell you." If you go into that phone, every single thing in that phone or computer
or any other computing device is mathematics. It's all numbers at the bottom. There go the cells. It's not too much to say that what Gutenberg did for writing, online video can now do for face-to-face communication. There
are two elections every election cycle in Lesterland. A few years later I heard a joke about the greatest violinist, Jascha Heifetz. After Mr. Heifetz's concert a lady came over and complimented, "Oh, Mr.
Heifetz, your violin sounded so great tonight." Some things worked, some things didn't. You see, using this bit, the thinky bit, the slow bit of the brain -- using that. And what would a child -- what does
a child like Jamie -- the young boy -- think, I mean, with all this anger that's built up inside of him? In Yemen, most women are veiled and they are sitting behind doors and not very much part of the public
life. If the inspector did come along, it would be amazing if they were able to resist the bribe. Now for those who don't believe this argument, we have trees and grass on our planet without the brain, but
the clinching evidence is this animal here -- the humble sea squirt. It basically organizes itself." I really want to come up with new ways of children's media that foster creativity and learning and innovation. So
the exciting part isn't so much the mechatronics, So we've developed a small microcomputer that is blinking somewhere behind her back and is operating this all by the way she trains it to use her individual
muscle signals. We know that this threshold exists, because we don't get age-related diseases until we're in middle age, even though the damage has been accumulating since before we were born. Look in your
heart, actually. What was this place called Minto? but if you look along all these different pictures, at rule number 30, you start to see something interesting going on. This is probably the most boring
topic of the whole morning. Of course what we did when faced with such outrageous hyperbole ... was what any self-respecting researchers would have done. That's what she tells them. I couldn't when I was
working on this. But the question they asked me when they first arrived really stuck in my head: Did I believe that God loved me with all his heart? We can easily go back to the hydrogen sulfide world. Most
of the time, you want to print one copy of your document, in page order, on that printer. My Arabic's reduced by now to wielding a dictionary, It could be concurrency. There's a limb prosthetic up here, similar
actually one on the soldier that's come back from Iraq. Number three -- isn't this stuff cool? I think these folks meant well, but had I taken them up on their offers, I would have been going beyond the
science, and good scientists are careful not to do this. So, I'm going to start by trying to answer a question that I know each of you will have asked yourself at some point or other, and which the Internet
is purpose-built to answer, which is, where can I get a picture of a roller-skating mermaid? And you can see this Indian Psoriasis breakthrough obtained by this reverse form of [unclear] by doing things
differently. The knowledge bubble that sits around the outside, the stuff that costs nothing, because that knowledge is free -- bundle that together and where do we come out? The Islands rise only one to
two meters above the surface. And that's what TED is helping so well with, and Google who help us, and Esri are helping us with mapping in Gombe National Park. For example, this is the sound of grass. When
most people think about the beginnings of AIDS, they're gonna think back to the 1980s. And when you're standing with someone, and you're on your mobile device, effectively what you're saying to them is,
"You are not as important as, literally, almost anything that could come to me through this device." Look around you. ♫ No other way ♫ ♫ Dans l'espace, so help ♫ ♫ To have the fruits ♫ So, you know, sustainability,
small planet. CA: And you inspired an Ian McEwan novel I think with that. With wisdom and wit, Anupam Mishra talks about the amazing feats of engineering built centuries ago by the people of India's Golden
Desert to harvest water. These structures are still used today -- and are often superior to modern water megaprojects. So I showed him this, and this is actual footage that he was on. This is Apollo 15.
This was his mission. This is about 100 trillion gallons of crude oil still to be developed and produced in the world today. It'll also help us a lot, if we meet an advanced civilization along the way, if
we're trying to be an advanced civilization. Number eight -- SP: You've got it! You've got the job. both of which would really require that people be mobile and fairly healthy for transmission. and that's
where we need the face transplant. But there's no evidence of a sexual division of labor. And to make it more interesting, we'll start from the ending and we'll go to the beginning. I've got to go see what
this is all about. And you can see here, he's starting to get more energy into the frontal lobe. Food is gold there. The research guidelines of U.S. National Academy of Sciences or Research Councils of the
U.K. or of Indian Councils of Science Research do not require that whatever you learn from people, you must share back with them. I've talked about a few of them. We really need to take that further. So
that's the basic concept, and now I'm going to show you what it leads to. The military gets it. They call climate change a threat multiplier that could harm stability and security, while governments around
the world are evaluating how to respond. Where does that leave democracy aspirants? It's easy to imagine saving money next week, but how about right now? Generally, we want to spend it. Economist Shlomo
Benartzi says this is one of the biggest obstacles to saving enough for retirement, and asks: How do we turn this behavioral challenge into a behavioral solution? Adherence rates. How many people are taking
their insulin every day? brain,culture,economics,evil,psychology,science,self,society And this starts conversation because the visual is created in such a way where you can defend two answers. RP: Silvertip
sharks -- they're actually three species of sharks here. Audience: Hello. I read somewhere that in the last 20 years, the average lifespan of basically anyone on the planet has grown by 10 years. Or the
interesting company SunRun. So just with these three dinosaurs, you can easily -- as a scientist -- we can easily hypothesize that it is just a growth series of the same animal. We went to Africa, Sudan,
Sierra Leone, In war-torn places like Monrovia, people come straight to you. I wanted that wish to actually start now. What counts for Vivian was the emotional connection she created with her fellow employees
and our guests. I use a lot of tricks, which means that sometimes I have to lie to you. So this subject-object thing, is part of something I'm very interested in because this is why, frankly, I believe in
political correctness. In your TED packages there's a DVD, "Infinite Vision," about Dr. V and the Aravind Eye Hospital. But we at Harvard were wondering if this was really true. So a place like the Costa
Rica Dome could not technically qualify the time it's in the high seas. Now, I should tell you that I have no idea what psychophysics is, although at some point in my life, I dated a girl for two years
who was getting her doctorate in psychophysics. It's a story about lemonade. And I'm going to demonstrate for you. This was something more than that. He ignored it. And in the BMJ, in the first edition of
January, 2012, you can see a study which looks to see if people kept to that ruling, and it turns out that only one in five have done so. Students today are often immersed in an environment where what they
learn is subjects that have truth and beauty embedded in them, but the way they're taught is compartmentalized and it's drawn down to the point where the truth and beauty are not always evident. 95,218,564? I
believe this is going to democratize health care. Now because we haven't fully processed this information, it's kind of coming back to us in our pop culture in these kind of weird and exaggerated ways,
where you can see that the stereotypes are changing. We've got to attack that brand in front of them. Michael Shermer on strange beliefs I'm actually not even sure if this is -- this might be Photoshopped. And
it becomes necessary and possible, at this point, to try to convey what that sense would be like of flying over the city without actually moving. We see here a reconstruction of how the hand is represented
in the brain. So, in the video world, we've been able to invent, in our lifetimes, natural behavior. So stop worrying and keep shopping. But what a shame that it's not organized What would happen if, when
you're using your Kindle, you could see the comments and quotes and notes from all the other people reading the same book as you in that moment. This is from about 3,000 children. So they introduced me to
five families. RE: Wait. I have one more thing to add. And then the person asked, "Well, what do you mean, 'neighbor?'" And he answered it by telling the story of the man who fell among thieves, and how
religious authorities went the other way, and how their supporters in the congregation went the other way; but an unsuspecting, despised person came along, saw the man in need, provided oil and wine for
his wounds, put him on his own transportation, and took him to the inn and asked the innkeeper, "Take care of him." And the third, and maybe the most grand, is to find ways to empower women, enable them
to fight the stigma and to live positive and productive lives with HIV. It was actually conducted about five years ago in collaboration with scientists from the University of Provence in Marseilles. If,
after I come back, this marshmallow is here, you will get another one. So you will have two." To tell a four-year-old kid to wait 15 minutes for something that they like, is equivalent to telling us, "We'll
bring you coffee in two hours." Exact equivalent. But I said I'm going to show you a short clip of one of our employees to kind of give you an idea about some of the talent that we have. There's supposed
to be something else there." The bees like it in the city. It's empathy that makes us moral. You land at the airport, and you're welcomed by an Indian lady who takes you to Al Maha Services, where you meet
a Filipino lady who hands you off to a South African lady who then takes you to a Korean who takes you to a Pakistani guy with the luggage who takes you to the car with a Sri Lankan. The era of the "big
surgeon, big incision" had arrived, but at quite a cost, because they are saving lives, but not necessarily quality of life, because healthy people don't usually need surgery, and unhealthy people have
a very hard time recovering from a cut like that. I'll go up and ask for my hot dog, and the guy will fix it, and as he's finishing, he'll say, "I know you. I see you on television. And so I wanted something
that was more interactive. The thing that is exciting was, in 1976, I suddenly got interested in the human-powered airplane because I'd made a made a loan to a friend of 100,000 dollars, or I guaranteed
the money at the bank. Artists also speak about how pushing up against the limits of what they can do, sometimes pushing into what they can't do, helps them focus on finding their own voice. One of our philosophies
in the book is that no dish is really intrinsically any better than any other dish. But in fact, there's something else that we've developed in the process of developing these autonomous cars. And now we're
showing that tunas on the western side go to the eastern side. And because it's really designed around an edited set of possessions -- my favorite stuff -- and really designed for me, I'm really excited
to be there. I won't go into the intrascatter that's in the subtests, but they still had a neurologic issue. But wait, this is actually my favorite project. My idea -- and literally, I woke up in the middle
of the night, and we've all have those moments. You know, you go to sleep -- I was excited, with this phone call. I'd say, "You're buying one military and you're operating another, and eventually it's going
to hurt. It's wrong. I now decide where I'm going to be in that space, so I'm down on this small part of the bottom rib of the letter "E," and I'm thinking about it, and I'm imagining this space that's
really high and above. If I asked you to reach out — you don't have to literally do it, but in mind — reach out to the top of the "E," where would you reach? I said, "No, it's -- it's penguin shit." And
if I can get you to step into their shoes and walk an inch, one tiny inch, then imagine the kind of sociological analysis that you can do in all other aspects of your life. You can engineer a prairie vole
to become monogamous when it's naturally polygamous. I didn't say goodbye to anybody, not my mother, my father, my sisters, my brothers, my aunts, my uncles, my cousins, my grandparents, nobody. And in this
particular case we were just interested in the replicability of that. Death unto apartheid!" After she got it, "She was happy to report that she has discovered that he possessed a double who was rich, virile,
handsome and aristocratic." And to lose touch with the basic rhythms of our biology and our health. And that was something that reoccurred throughout the project, was, the smaller the scale you want to work
on, the further back in time you have to go. That's the place all filled up with Republicans. He said she had one of the new, better chairs. But, of course, they don't look like rocks and sludge now. They
look like TV cameras, monitors, annoying radio mics. And so I wondered, could what the future beckons for India to be all about be a combination of these things allied to something else, the power of example,
the attraction of India's culture, what, in other words, people like to call "soft power." They come in different shapes; they're made out of different molecules. And so what I'm showing you over here, these
are actual exercises that I started writing for my cousins. And this is how much they agree with the same article that did include a brain image. So to this very, very savvy crowd, I also want to note the
digital folks did not invent disruptive. the local court has been scheduling a case review but a judge has never appeared. Let me show you how we do that. And the other problem is they get hit by ships. when
it lands, it absorbs the shock and starts walking. And so we might even speak of the stream of consciousness. and it's just fascinating how cephalopods can, with their incredible eyes, sense their surroundings,
look at light, look at patterns. This is a different species in the same genus but exactly the same foraging behavior. No problem. Yeah, you know." We need to deliver health care, not in large institutions,
but close to people's homes, and we need to deliver health care using whoever is available and affordable in our local communities. And the conversation I had with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the great
DIY innovators, I'd like to share with you -- he gave me permission to do so -- his technology called Slingshot that many of you may have heard of, it is the size of a small dorm room refrigerator. It is
the place where we gather around when we have to say something to each other. So you're six years old, you're reading Snow White and the Seven Dwarves, And then, when you come down, all you want to do is
get high again. And I actually feel at home here, because there's a lot of autism genetics here. Because it's bad enough, not getting what you want, And this might be the kind of seas we're headed for. I think
we're doing it right now, but we're doing it unconsciously. This is what it will look like, fingers crossed, NYU willing. And I don't know if it works. Eddi Reader sings "Kiteflyer's Hill" but she'd been very
startled and very bewildered, because she'd been seeing things. My bones are aching. I go from birth to death. I'm never satisfied. And one of the greatest governmental delusions of all time was something
that happened in the early days of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, FEMA, as we now know, and are well aware of their behaviors from Katrina. I want you to be excited. I want you to be relieved. What's
interesting is, once you hit print -- and this is from 1450, by the way -- all of the artifacts of modern comics start to present themselves: rectilinear panel arrangements, simple line drawings without
tone and a left-to-right reading sequence. And in the same kind of trance that you can feel sometimes in the subway in New York when you're reading, And nature's favorite solution is to put everyone in the
same boat. So if I download an e-book and it has 20 pages -- well, they could be thin, right -- but if it has 500 pages, I want to feel that "Harry Potter" -- Now I'm seeing lots of smirks out there. How
did they develop? This was truly, truly an early-adopter product -- the 1905 Skinner Vacuum. If we were to assay her perceptual abilities, they would be crude. Electrons disappear in a kind of fuzz, and there
is only energy. And you can't see energy. A lot of humans have lived since then. It's too much energy on a planet. And we looked at three different types of rooms. But this is the world we have today, I venture
there are many in this room. I mean, almost no one can do that. They didn't have to take the 100-year trip we took. We have to turn that around. DP: I'm kinda, like, giving a talk right now. They keep doing
it; they just keep making these things. Something like 98 percent of all people with depression, and I mean really severe depression -- I have a friend with stunningly severe depression -- this is a curable
disease, with present medicine and present technology. In fact, the script has become a battleground of sorts between three different groups of people. In fact, "Origin of Species" was written for a general
and popular audience, and was widely read when it first appeared. What is it called? What does that do to the payments and to the interest rates and so forth? And that is how I find particles of truth, not
the absolute truth, or the whole truth. My friend Red Maxwell has spent the last 10 years Not fighting the organization that's fighting it -- fighting with them, leading them, connecting them, challenging
the status quo because it's important to him. They, businesses, other citizens' groups, have enormous power to affect the lives of our fellow human beings. This takes the temperature of the canal and turns
it into this four-degrees of heat exchange. Most of the economic models are built around scarcity and growth. Do you think there could? They are very eager learners and very capable survivors. In fact, Apophis
is a blessing in disguise, because it woke us up to the dangers of these things. Instead, we believe you need to be inspired by biology. And just watch the change in colors in India, China, Europe, sub-Saharan
Africa as we move on and consume global biomass at a rate which is actually not going to be able to sustain us. Quick snapshots of things you might see from a speeding motor scooter, and very slow walking
through Rome, you might be able to study in more detail some of the wonderful surfaces and whatnot that you come across. I think we keep the queen here, yes. ♫ When I wake up ♫ ♫ in the morning ♫ ♫ I pour
the coffee ♫ ♫ I read the paper ♫ ♫ And then I slowly ♫ ♫ and so softly ♫ ♫ do the dishes ♫ ♫ So feed the fishes ♫ ♫ You sing me happy birthday ♫ ♫ Like it's gonna be ♫ ♫ your last day ♫ ♫ here on Earth
♫ All right. It's actually non-orthogonal: it's not up and down, square, rectangular, anything like that, that you'd see in a normal shape of a building. In other parts, it doesn't. And then we have to be
sensitive about how this technology can be developed and put into action in those regions. You might be causing some very dangerous outcomes in your children, doing such a thing. These effects were all unanticipated,
and yet we're discovering they're predictable. So it's a real desert for not only for the penguins and the sea lions and the marine iguanas ... And we have plenty of energy, so we'll solve that problem,
but the biology problem's tricky, because as we put through all these toxic materials that we disgorge, we will never be able to recover that. So, finding life on another planet is a non-trivial occupation
and we spend a lot of time trying to think about that. Soldier: That's a fucking car bomb! The thing to understand about shame is it's not guilt. a run to the South Pole where, with an interactive website,
I will be able to bring young people, students and teachers from around the world on board the expedition with me, as active members. And that's what's indicated in the green outlines. These different mice
are different mutations that recapitulate different kinds of blindness that affect humans. And maps are important devices for transferring information, especially if you have human cognitive ability. I oppose
it -- that they are now going to dissect it, until I do my report and then I see the Chief Commander. But we are talking about "Africa: the Next Chapter" because we are looking at the old and the present
chapter -- that we're looking at, and saying it's not such a good thing. JH: Whoa. That is ... You go to your nice, posh, international hotel somewhere, and you come in and you put down your clothes and
you go to the bathroom, and what do you see? In this way -- In this way, I actually started to learn about nature. Justice Scalia's opinion is questionable for two reasons. And the DMCA goes back to the Audio
Home Recording Act, which horrified those industries. One, it's diverse. We think about the world in all the ways that we experience it. We think visually, we think in sound, we think kinesthetically. We
think in abstract terms, we think in movement. So you want to go to that board meeting, but you only want to pay attention to the bits that interest you. In the hospital and in the entire region there's
not a single biomedical engineer. And so, in a way, the equations are serving as sort of a codebook. An image comes in, goes through the set of equations, and out comes streams of electrical pulses, just
like a normal retina would produce. That's as close as I can come to summing that up. I sat down too with goosebumps everywhere. It won't be so clear-cut; it won't be Microsoft versus Linux -- there'll be
all sorts of things in between. So he got volunteers to go move to Cuba and live in tents and be voluntarily infected with yellow fever. Anyway, bear with me. She stayed at the top of her class through elementary
school, middle school, and then in high school, she scored brilliantly on the national examinations so that she became the first person in her village, ever, to come to the United States Two years ago,
she graduated from Connecticut College. "You didn't get a government job?" I said, "No." We need to know why people are doing what they're doing. When I get emails, people say, "Thank you for giving me this
place, this outlet, where I can come after work and be myself." CA: But words, saying things, you know, can be constructive; it can be really damaging. This sediment is 100 percent made up of the shells
of microscopic plants. As we heard yesterday, there's over a billion people hungry. She didn't mind the cartoons too much. And here you have the dataset. Really interesting questions. I think a lot of it has
to do with body size. But they keep hearing about people getting rich, and then in 1850 they still hear that. And they think it's not real. They move the white truck instead of the blue truck. A guest bedroom,
which has this dome with marble on it. Rita Calwell very famously traced a very interesting story of cholera into human communities, brought there, not by a normal human vector, but by a marine vector,
this copepod. And that is a very different optimization scheme, a very different strategy for all of us. Some of those adventures are a little bit dark or on the darker side. I felt I was not alive anymore. And
they passed me from one person to another to another, until eventually I got to a person who was in charge of the website. Then, about the initiative that Chris mentioned, that we decided to launch at AMD
that we call 50x15. And then I'll come back to the beginning, and tell you a little bit more -- hopefully convince you -- that I believe that in today's world, it is really important for business leaders
not only to have an idea of what their business is all about, but to have a passion for something that is meaningful. But, it's a beginning, it's a vision. In the future they will look like that, because
we need to move away from those type of polymers and use that for medical equipment and more important things, perhaps, in life. He does, though, have a little bit of light down in the south that has a
very special status. This implant is not transmitting the quality of music that usually provides things like warmth. This is the most kind of direct, obvious intersection of the two things. And one thing
that happened there was also the Pakistani Taliban took credit for that failed car bombing. They have trading cards And I was doing some research in the Sunday Styles section of The New York Times, looking
at the back stories of marriages -- because they're very interesting -- and I came to the marriage of Alice Charney Epstein. And she said that when she was in the dating scene, she had a simple test she
put people to. The Minister of the Environment of India said, "Well, you were the one who caused the problem." Do you have a preference? Good choice. Actually, these stories compelled me around the world,
and I've been to over 60 countries. And if we can quiet it down and walk in and say, "I'm going to do this," we look up and the critic that we see pointing and laughing, 99 percent of the time is who? He
joined the Taliban a year ago when he was 13. Eight didn't work. At nine, I noticed -- and it's wonderful that I could notice anything -- I noticed a change. And at 10, I noticed a real change. She walked
elegantly, like a giraffe on the African savannah, holding the flag on her shoulder. I jogged behind -- on my tiptoes -- holding the flag on my extended arm, so that my head was actually under the damn
flag. Trailer number two, you have a blank slate, you can to anything you want. I mean, how do you, the company, benefit? Last I heard, the preamble still said, "We, the people of India," right? And also triumph,
this sense of transcendence, this "I never knew that. Ah, this is something new." And we also are eating meat that comes from some of these same places. I've been interested in computer programs all my life,
actually. The relationship between child mortality and family size. Well, it's mostly true. Businessweek did a survey, looked at the compensation packages for MBAs 10 years of business school, and the median
compensation for a Stanford MBA, with bonus, at the age of 38, was 400,000 dollars. So, I'd like us to launch the wireless Internet interstate wireless mesh system, and require that this network be accessible
to everyone, with open standards. Oh great! Yeah. Yeah you can all stop calling now! There's some rather bored-looking gentlemen and some slightly engaged-looking ladies who are picking up something off
that. And usually, the first questions are, "Oh, what kind of cameras did you use?" that they're using can be used to make better biofuels. Now, 60 years later, I'm here to tell you why it's possible. I think
people want to be allowed to be virtuous. This is another longish one, about the old and the young. And that is the astonishing power of art. And there is a long pause. That's what I wanted to do. And we know
that most of them are dead. People were really excited. They thought they would soon outstrip the capacity of the brain. who have been inspired by universal values, who are idealistic enough to imagine a
magnificent future and, at the same time, realistic enough to balance this kind of imagination and the process leading to it -- not using violence, not trying to create chaos -- these young people, they
did not go home. What happens now? So clearly they're looking at the sun. And she decided, despite the advice of her neighbors, that she would take the chance and claim to be Vietnamese so that we could
have a chance to survive, because at this point they're forcing everybody to work. That's because we Africans concentrate -- I am from Ethiopia, by the way -- we concentrate too much on how we are seen
from elsewhere, or from outside. There's all these different interventions but they have different kinds of effectiveness. That's my papers. It's important that we build this platform, that we have the president,
Kikwete, and others of our leaders who are saying, "Look, we must do something different." if you go back to your room at night, And this little pixel in the corner -- three billion -- that's their climate
change fund. And it's important about disclosure. If 27 individuals from those 27 member states sat around table, speaking their 23 languages, some very simple mathematics will tell you that you need an
army of 253 translators to anticipate all the pairwise possibilities. So the question is, how are we going to fix this? The problem is, of course, that, as we begin to look at all that commonality, we have
to begin to question why we maintain certain divisions. This kind of a technique or metrology can actually be applied to other kinds of areas, and I'm going to tell you one more little story. And the technology
that we settled on as an ideal partner for the Seawater Greenhouse which uses solar-tracking mirrors to focus the sun's heat to create electricity. It is made for a diet which is soft, mushy, which is reduced
in fibers, which is very easily chewable and digestible. And you'd plug it in there. There were between 18 and 26 people killed all together. And also, like right now, they're just moving. And yes, it's a
little nerve-wracking. But before I get to that, I want to address something that you may be wondering about. I tell you this: that's something which some research engineer like me would concoct, not a real
designer of good equipment. So I became interested in understanding what contributed to a life that was worth living. Imagine making all of our hard materials that way. And I was actually a rocket scientist. It's
an Arabic medium school. In the babies of those women who developed post-traumatic stress syndrome, or PTSD, following their ordeal, researchers discovered a biological marker of susceptibility to PTSD
-- an effect that was most pronounced in infants whose mothers experienced the catastrophe in their third trimester. You see, we hear a lot about transparency these days. I don't know what this kind of stuff
will do in their gills. It may be a little surprising how many things there are, but it's not surprising what they are. In fact, in chemical accidents, hydrogen sulfide is known to -- if you breathe too
much of it, you collapse to the ground, you appear dead, but if you were brought out into room air, you can be reanimated without harm, if they do that quickly. If we look at construction and manufacturing,
there's major inefficiencies, energy consumption and excessive labor techniques. Thank you. I just want to leave you with one last thought, which is probably the most important thing to take away. But I'm
hopeful that future generations can. Now, they are very efficient, but they are also very innovative. Obviously, this is resulting in some major complications -- back injuries, 30 percent of them -- chronic
back injuries. It's a very simple behavior that shows you the power of this approach. What we see are, first of all, a very active culture, a lot of divisions, and then very clear nuclei once the cells have
separated. Only the best ones can survive. SJ: There's a cup that way, yes. Everything that we interact with, all the experiences that we have, is kind of us flowing through a sea of information and interacting
with it in different ways. Then we lost our economy and we went back down to 47 -- sometimes it's 40, sometimes it's 50. I said, "Okay." Rise and lower -- and I got joy out of just watching them sleep. If
you're like most people, you will experience a moment of cognitive dissonance when the name of the color is printed in a differently colored ink. I threw it into an orbit, and it only had one color, and
when it got to the center, the paint kept running out, so I had to run in there, didn't have any control over the spigot remotely. And when the natural breeze isn't enough, the kids deploy bubbles, but
not the kind of bubbles you know. Can you speak to at least two persons about this story? Although it's really nothing more than a literary conceit; it's not a technology. It's very powerful for, I think,
changing our relationship to the natural world and to the other species on whom we depend. and people had to walk 20 kilometers, wading in the water -- And our committee, which consisted of a lot of hard
scientists, did feel at the end of that study that the absence of play and a progressive suppression of developmentally normal play led him to be more vulnerable to the tragedy that he perpetrated. But
I'm reporting back to you to say quite simply that you can define how strong a democracy is by how its government treats its child. His invention gave birth to a new field of science, electrochemistry,
and new technologies such as electroplating. Here we can see the damage. Well, they were happy as could be, because he hadn't said a rational word in the weeks of observation. I milked cows every morning,
and I had to milk the same cows every evening when I came home from school. And there were 20 of them that I had -- that I was responsible for, and I worked on the farm and tried to keep up with my studies. They
don't get tired and they have fun doing it. Ask them really interesting questions. That is longer than in the USA. We see this general bagginess of the structure, the lack of concern with rules and the way
that we're used to learning on the blackboard, and so we think that something has gone wrong. Keith Chen: Could your language affect your ability to save money? We've come a long way. We're doing good. And
if you're in the direct fallout zone here, you really have to either be sheltered or you have to get out of there, and that's clear. But if you are sheltered, you can actually survive. I hunched my shoulder,
I got my backpack and I went on to the University of Wisconsin. The story I wanted to share with you today is my challenge as an Iranian artist, as an Iranian woman artist, as an Iranian woman artist living
in exile. I bought a Mac about two years ago, I converted over, We've sent 50,000 DVDs to high school teachers in the U.S. and it's really changed the debate on global warming. because the best way to design
a successful object -- and also an object that we were missing before -- is to pretend that either it never existed or that people will be able to have a new behavior with it. Our challenge is to understand
each other. Thank you. They call them FedEx Days. The only magnetism comes from electric charges and currents. And then we can actually roll out large numbers. Why? Because during conflict economic policy
typically deteriorates. I see cats and dogs walking towards me. They could be creative in terms of education, So the price of oil, much like lots of other curves that we've seen, goes along a depletion curve. I'm
going to talk about sheep, too. I pastor a church in one of the most affluent areas of America -- a bunch of gated communities. Well, it's very interesting. What turned Juanderson around was technology for
learning that made learning fun and accessible. "Machine a thing of beauty, and a joy forever." "Perfect running." So with simple electronics, you can detect how much the page is being bent. It has a feeler,
where it can feel obstacles and turn around. I'll leave you guys with this: I try, with my stand-up, to break stereotypes, present Middle Easterners in a positive light -- Muslims in a positive light --
and I hope that in the coming years, more film and television programs come out of Hollywood presenting us in a positive light. In a moving and madly viral video last year, composer Eric Whitacre led a
virtual choir of singers from around the world. He talks through the creative challenges of making music powered by YouTube, and unveils the first 2 minutes of his new work, "Sleep," with a video choir
of 2,052. The full piece premieres April 7 . So if you have a choice between being a Chinese and being an Indian, you would want to become a Chinese in order to live 10 years longer. So we're not going to
be able to do that today? Because it's important to the atmospheric system, we go to all lengths to study this thing. And this is the single most exciting adventure that we have ever been on. It looks like
there are rivers on it, there are oceans or lakes, I was so upset. I know though, that no matter how amazing video games may become, or how flat the real world may seem to us, that we must stay aware of
what our games are teaching us and how they leave us feeling when we finally do unplug. And while there's many differences in some senses, they will share more and more in common with each other. Look at
the toxic mix of unemployed graduates on our streets, while employers say they cannot find the people with the skills they need. Others overcome their self at raves. I thought it might be interesting to
sort of hunt for such things. Okay, this is not an ideal situation, because it's getting the echo from the hall and stuff. But I felt it was too much to ask to have to adjust each individual armrest in order
to get it where you wanted. For many people, this means, I wish I'd spent more time with my family, with my kids when they were growing up. This was going to be used as a touchstone so when they started
to miss each other and feel disconnected, they could reconnect through this image. I got my masters, and then went to art school after that. And we all kind of hate to admit it. It will take embracing the
world with both arms. We can't solve the problems unless we start studying the ocean in a very much more interdisciplinary way. They became more robust. It's based on the protesters at the Democratic Convention
in 1968, Abby Hoffman and crew, and, again, a story about a small group of individuals who did make change in the world. This is mobile food. British are very good at that. The first works were actually
objects. I have here seven note cards, one with each note of the musical alphabet, and I'd like someone to come up here and choose five -- This was a perfect introduction. And Paul Cohen argues that the West
thinks of itself as probably the most cosmopolitan of all cultures. It's also the brain region that becomes active when you're willing to take enormous risks for huge gains and huge losses. And in this scenario,
not only was the Big Bang not the beginning, as you can see from the picture, it can happen over and over again. But small atoms want to join together, small nuclei want to join together to make bigger
ones to go towards iron. and in testing, discovered that it can be shaped by people who can interact and move through it without getting wet. because you can't use the usual sort of systems. So within the
motor, we have three Hall sensors, so we know exactly where the wing is. Companies, entrepreneurs, venture capitalists, they all need to understand this is a huge business opportunity, as well as an enormous
social problem. Can we create a perfect society? I wrote those same kinds of letters that my mother had written me for strangers, and tucked them all throughout the city, dozens and dozens of them. I left
them everywhere, in cafes and in libraries, at the U.N., everywhere. That is, how willing are they to drop what they're doing when the issue comes up, and attend to it instead of something else that's on
their plate -- how big a deal is it to them? The bad news is that you have to look hard to find them. Chris Anderson: Larry, Larry, wait, wait, wait, wait, Larry, wait, wait one sec. The box jelly again --
all across the neck, all across here. So, the Okapi Faunal Reserve protects number -- I think that is the largest number of elephants we have right now in protected areas in Congo. And so the thought that
I started with was how do you do this, still within the boundary of the science we know today -- no time for science fair, no time for playing around with things or waiting for the magic battery to show
up. Ultimately, the police had to inform Best Buy management that it was not, in fact, illegal to wear a blue polo shirt and khaki pants. Good things happen, and it's good for much of the world. So, people
are getting their hands dirty. They are rolling up their sleeves. And the reason he went is because he had a fear of his body image, and he wanted to explore what was underlying that. The way we got here
is because of big agribusiness. Bugs Bunny is my muse. And out of this idea started spinning off many, many kinds of variations of different plans and possibilities, and then the plan itself evolved in relationship
to the exhibits, and you see the intersection of the plan with the toroidal geometry. But it's not perfect yet, it's very much a work in progress. Something that would be important, but also something that
would take advantage of all of these privileges that one had." Until somebody said, "Look, if you're serious about this, you first have to write a book about your research. You have to publish something, So
this really demonstrates our relationship with honeybees, and that goes deep back for thousands of years. So I've got all those things going for me. So would you drive to get 50 percent off, saving 100 dollars? But
their body language is great. Again, we could supply the content for it. The accomplishment of civic virtue is tied to the uses of intellect and imagination at their most challenging. That hurts. In fact,
there's a surge channel where the tide is moving back and forth, twice a day, pretty rapidly. Now if I look at those programs, I can't tell you how they work. But the one thing you know they've already solved
is that there's lots of tenants. That is not good for you. It took fifteen days to fill it. But there is one thing that is particularly remarkable and novel about slavery today, and that is a complete collapse
in the price of human beings -- My leather Adidas baseball cap matches my fake Gucci backpack. We miss out on the things that are most important to us, Some 17 years ago, I became allergic to Delhi's air. I
just want to ask one. Now, you'll still have about three billion pounds left in change, There's no real emergence there. "Eh? The poachers?" You drive. You take your depleted battery out. But this teaches us
a new respect -- and it's a new respect not only for the chimpanzees, I suggest, but some of the other amazing animals with whom we share this planet. And we have this idea that if we drive the people who
make mistakes out of medicine, what will we be left with, but a safe system. All friends of Africa, that will have reason to be in Africa at some point in time, should be very concerned about this deplorable
situation. These are Tasmanian tigers. The last known one died at the Hobart Zoo. And if you look, you can see them happening, already beginning to emerge. collaboration,health,health care,history,invention,medicine,science and
if I don't speak today then the voice of the United States will not be heard," When this rain comes and the water starts filling this tank, it will submerge these beautiful statues And they gave me lodging
with a single mother and her daughter. The Actor implements a policy that takes into account the state of the environment and the context in which we operate. Because this is evolution, this is the natural
ratio, unlike resistance, which happens in the case of chemicals. I went looking for a farm where these ideas about looking at things from the species' point of view are actually implemented, and I found
it in a man. The farmer's name is Joel Salatin. They would not leave me alone until I let them have a piece, but it was not a good one." I think it's worth the trouble because, again, it just helps us to
understand. If you want to reduce the number of people who are burning flags, it helps to understand what makes them do it. rules could an ant could be using, since no ant can assess the global situation
-- that would have the outcome that I see, Internet,government,politics,technology,web And this lets me introduce a very important idea about design: Well the next breakthrough came from studying hundreds
of Tasmanian devil cancers from all around Tasmania. So if I look at a person and I look at a person's genome, it's the same thing. if you want to go far, go together." We have to go far, quickly. I found
a couple in Norway last year. We're seeing them on the ice. But the man had somehow a lot of room at the bottom. Or take the girl I met when I was in Tanzania, She was 11 years old; her parents had both
died from AIDS, her mother and then her father. Two other things that I learned that were very surprising to me -- one was how casual we are about energy. I mean, they make ears for burn victims. And a kind
of new digital beacon for the night -- but most importantly, a new type of experience for anybody who will go to the top. Now, this field is just -- and, of course, science in general -- is just -- adventure. I'm
not sure what they're smoking. Now, what stands in the way of this? How cool is that? This is just amazing. We got a problem! We gotta get some help." Communication is very important for Ethiopia -- will transform
the country. We, after it's fermented and it's developed, started to develop flavor and character, we divide it into smaller units. What do we know about the country and the people that we pretend to protect,
about the villages where the only one medicine to kill the pain and to stop the hunger is opium? It's now being seeded with cartilage. Here's what some of you did this morning, although you did it outside,
not on a treadmill. The shower is intended to simulate a glass of beer. She came back after ten days of fever, right? Still has the fever, and she's hypoxic -- she doesn't have much oxygen in her lungs. Announcer:
Ladies and gentlemen, the creation of life. On December 29th, U.S. troops surrounded a Sioux encampment at Wounded Knee Creek and massacred Chief Big Foot and 300 prisoners of war, using a new rapid-fire
weapon that fired exploding shells called a Hotchkiss gun. So Google just took their logo and they spread it out. I know that should have been, like, a rock or something. So I had to give up the approach
of drawing the fantasy shapes and convert it to technical drawings -- People, children were dying of kwashiorkor. Beauty in the most profound sense of fit. I have a quote that I like by a morphologist, 1917,
Theodore Cook, who said, "Beauty connotes humanity. We are living into extraordinary decades ahead. You love, or you don't love. But it took 23 years to get this far. That's too long. Four across, four up
and down -- it's 16. Under the circumstances, it's profoundly important that every single American child leaves school knowing how to cook 10 recipes that will save their life. It would be very dangerous
if you fell down. And I noticed this in a very funny way. So, in order to realize this dream, I actually thought of putting a big-size projector on my head. And that has to do with me But the unfinished business
for 21st-century science is to link together cosmos and micro-world with a unified theory -- symbolized, as it were, gastronomically at the top of that picture. And I got a lot of them during what's been
going on throughout this conference, almost everything that's been going on. In a split second, I lost all sensation and movement below my pelvis. Now, it may bring a certain amount of comfort, but that
comfort lasts only about 20 minutes or so. And part of it is a personal story. When Chris invited me to speak, he said, people think of you as a bit of an enigma, and they want to know what drives you a
bit. Right now the default position about when a new technology comes along, is we -- people talk about the precautionary principle, which is very common in Europe, which says, basically, "Don't do anything.
When you meet a new until it can be proven that there's no harm." So in the Charles Bonnet hallucinations, you have all sorts of levels, from the geometrical hallucinations -- the pink and blue squares
the woman had -- up to quite elaborate hallucinations with figures and especially faces. I ended up at this really fancy party. Audience: Orkut. So the hardware is not at all up to snuff in terms of what
life would call a success. Why? How could it happen? CA: There isn't. I'll tell you what. We've got to think about all these different kinds of minds, and we've got to absolutely work with these kind of minds,
because we absolutely are going to need these kind of people in the future. Top right is Stuart Moore, a writer for Iron Man. You just push a few buttons in the cockpit, and the wings come out. You don't
see her eyes; they're looking downward. The picture behind me was snapped by the copilot in our chase aircraft just moments after the wheels got off the ground for the first time. And then another thing
opens, And these, I'll just show these without comment. that's another part of the story. Come talk to me about it, Now I don't pretend to have an answer to the Middle East conflict, but I think I've got
a first step, literally, a first step, something that any one of us could do as third-siders. and there was trading contact across that straight throughout 10,000 years. The first, if you want -- there is
so many -- but one which is very easy to do, is the duty of vision. And some of our investigative teams have demonstrated that female stem cells -- and this is in animals and increasingly we're showing
this in humans -- that female stem cells, when put even into a male body, do better than male stem cells going into a male body. The hard thing is this: get ready, because more is coming. So this is the
NeoNurture Infant Incubator, It makes no difference if we cut out the bridges to Alaska in the overall scheme of things. the power of the data that other scientists have collected is locked up and we need
to get it unlocked so we can tackle those huge problems. Why do people instantly resist the idea of associating themselves with art? is a perversion of this where people who may be very good looking regard
themselves as hideously ugly and are constantly seeking surgery to correct their facial appearance. You can analyze your breakfast cereal for GMO's, and you can explore your ancestry. There was Professor
Tobias. He's come over. And so we'll continue to focus on products, as we always have. They asked governments for supporting regulatory regimes, and in a lot of cases they got it. So whenever you want to
look great and competent, reduce your stress or improve your marriage, or feel as if you just had a whole stack of high-quality chocolate -- without incurring the caloric cost -- or as if you found 25
grand in a pocket of an old jacket you hadn't worn for ages, or whenever you want to tap into a superpower that will help you and everyone around you live a longer, healthier, happier life, smile. Why would
Cliff be doing that? He doesn't have a restaurant. Listening is an active skill, whereas hearing is passive, listening is something that we have to work at -- it's a relationship with sound. Hannah Arendt
said, "The sad truth is that most evil done in this world is not done by people who choose to be evil. They were maturing at five centimeters. There are a number of groups that are working on this. Many of
you have kids, and you know that’s a big change in your lifestyle, and so people are not afraid to make big changes in lifestyle if they’re worth it. There is a sort of misconception nowadays that it's
all been done in the fields of exploration and adventure. And most dung beetles actually wrap it into a package of some sort. Colorful characters, and a good time is had by all. So I'll show you what I mean.
Here we have that exact same illusion. Now, I had friends in the U.S. who had started a successful new tribe. and because of this collection. Ushahidi -- the name means "witness" or "testimony" in Swahili
-- is a very simple way of taking reports from the field, whether it's from the web or, critically, via mobile phones and SMS, aggregating it and putting it on a map. I don't know how many of you have seen
it, but it's a beaut. They are paralyzed. Anyway, just amazing, amazing things. Until something wonderful happened in our age. But the problem with Santa Clause is, if you look at the mandatory spending of
what these folks have been doing and promising folks, it turned out that in 1967, 38 percent was mandatory spending on what we call "entitlements." Man 2: You have the back legs? No, you have the front
legs, my friend. Which is lower than most Olympic athletes. So you take this encrypted vote home as your receipt. Now the DMCA had, and is continuing to have, a lot of complicated effects, but in this one
domain, limiting sharing, it has mostly not worked. and this warning fell on deaf ears. And in a moment, I'm going to show you a graph, and what you'll see on this graph -- it begins in 1973, just before
women start flooding the workforce, and it brings us up to our current day. It's about system, it's about organization. And the moment, and I mean the moment, the moment that hit me, I swear to God, it was
like woo hoo! You know -- something to believe in. agriculture,climate change,green Just 10 minutes, undisturbed? But just in case, I plan to work extra hard to not win an Oscar anytime soon. Andrew spent
16 years scavenging materials on the dump, earned enough money to turn himself into a contract scaler, which meant he carried a scale and went around and weighed all the materials that people had scavenged
from the dump. Now he's a scrap dealer. He's like, "Good stuff, man. Columbian. Top of the line. Top of the line." The other thing you learn sometimes when you travel to these countries in the Middle East,
sometimes in Latin American countries, South American countries -- a lot of times when they build stuff, there's no rules and regulations. Up to and around about the Second World War, conductors were invariably
dictators -- these tyrannical figures who would rehearse, not just the orchestra as a whole, but individuals within it, within an inch of their lives. It's just because people are uncomfortable with the
idea, and that's why I want you today to try to think about this, think about the benefits of bees in cities and why they really are a terrific thing. And as a result it's a very tolerant community, which
is different, I think, than something like this, which is in Schaumburg, Illinois, They are farmers and factory workers. I mean, wouldn't it be a huge historic missed opportunity not to do this, given that
we can? OK, and tell me when you're done. I would dearly love to talk about things that have one side. So he did another study using microsatellites, which are much more expensive, much more time consuming,
and, to his surprise, came up with almost identical results. The reason is Kurdistan. They have flown in the past, but without saving capabilities, without batteries. I'm going to try to put that in some
sort of order. So if you were thinking of buying an iPad, forget about it. This is what you want instead. They're the things that you'd snatch if the house was on fire. In any case, the way it works is that
an intelligent navigator basically maps the entire surface of these walls. The only rule is don't think too hard. And I didn't understand why, in one hand they say, "Speak the truth," in the other hand,
when you say the truth, they hated you. And the thing is, you know, the decision makers, the folks in power, they're up in their bungalows and so on in Delhi, in the city capitals. They are all supplied
with plenty of water. It's cool. And yet the complexity of poverty really has to look at income as only one variable. Now it's reversing that equation, and actually sequestering half a ton of CO2 thanks
to the recipe from the coral. So that's our job. As an altar boy, I breathed in a lot of incense, and I learned to say phrases in Latin, but I also had time to think about whether my mother's top-down morality
applied to everybody. And when I talk about my ideas, they're like, "BBut it's not scalable, you know. Give me something I can do with Paypal." It's not that easy, you know? And sometimes just taking an
interest in the individual, in the fellows you've met, and the businesspeople you've met, it can make a huge difference, especially in Africa, because usually the individual in Africa carries a lot of
people behind them. Practically. I mean, when I was a first-year student in law school, my mom's business had collapsed, so I was supporting her. My sister was struggling to get through undergrad. I was
helping her pay her tuition. My cousin ran out of school fees, and she's really smart. I was paying her school fees. A cousin of mine died of AIDS, left an orphan, so we said, well, what are we going to
do with her? Buy it anyway. It is by sharing these moments as they're happening that lets people feel more connected and in touch, despite distance, and in real time. But when we fail to give our best, we
simply haven't met the test, of giving all and saving none until the game is really won; So this rainwater is flooding down the hillside, carrying with it sediments from the construction site, smothering
the coral and killing it. and we're not carrying much else. Explorer Ben Saunders wants you to go outside! Not because it’s always pleasant and happy, but because that’s where the meat of life is, “the juice
that we can suck out of our hours and days.” Saunders’ next outdoor excursion? To try to be the first in the world to walk from the coast of Antarctica to the South Pole and back again. and this is a little
bit foreshadowing -- this is from before Dean dropped out. As a democratic revolution led by tech-empowered young people sweeps the Arab world, Wadah Khanfar, the head of Al Jazeera, shares a profoundly
optimistic view of what's happening in Egypt, Tunisia, Libya and beyond -- at this powerful moment when people realized they could step out of their houses and ask for change. It's a great cricket cap. He'd
come in and say, you know, If I am here, everything is okay. They first taught us about ecology in the context of natural resources. Well, they didn't revolt, and in 1941, ASCAP cracked. He would takes the
fruits of each week's reading and he would weave these intricate tapestries of ancient and humanist thought. First is: Where do we get inspiration? We had these data a few years ago. It's going to depend
if they're wealthy or impoverished. Let us not pick and choose who we would like to rule their future. So the goal here is to minimize fatalities. And then you connect that with your feeling that everyone
has that motherly possibility. So she gives us now a pro-social token and both chimps get fed. It's a natural process, but it is lost as we age. And it's hard for a couple of reasons. But for a son, he can
only get the X chromosome from his mother. Full information, the entire course of their disease. When I talk to my students about global issues, and I listen to them in the coffee break, they always talk
about "we" and "them." Erin Runnion: I wrote this statement on the third anniversary of the night you took my baby, you terrified her until her heart stopped. It wasn't a real world out there. It's as interesting
a side effect as it could be. But I don't know if there's any other Dominican people here, but I know that Juan Enriquez, he was here yesterday. Here's what I'm going to do: I'm going to put objects on the
screen. Align it in this direction. I sent out some Facebook messages, some Twitter messages, and I gave people the opportunity to buy the naming rights to my 2011 TED Talk. But what I've been trying to do
is something that the curators at MoMA in my department have been doing ever since the museum was founded in 1929, which is to try and see what's going on in the world and try to use that authority in
order to make things better. Who likes that answer? So the idea is we can make advertising useful, not just annoying, right? So evidence against our model, we're likely to ignore, even if it's compelling. After
all, online course content has been available for a while. and this new kind of user interface could be done with an expenditure of about 100 million dollars. Only after we learned to pass knowledge from
one generation to the next, did civilization become possible. And let's go ahead and play this video here. I devoted half of it to rebuild the herbarium, because we didn't have good infrastructure to start
plants. And it seemed like time that we become that way ourselves. And the game is very simple. JH: 10 years? Woman: Yes, yes. JH: 10 years, that's a long time. There were no animators necessary to come in
and interpret behavior or enhance his performance. I'm not quite sure how he died, actually. Let's take the biggest issue of all: family dinner. And the third thing about intelligence is, it's distinct. I'm
doing a new book at the moment called "Epiphany," which is based on a series of interviews with people about how they discovered their talent. I'm fascinated by how people got to be there. 20 billion for
this war. It's inflating very fast. Actually, that's a documentary that's available online; the video's online. But we have a very pessimistic approach about the cities. I'm working in cities for almost 40
years, and where every mayor is trying to tell me his city is so big, And they eat about eight times as much tofu as Americans do. And what I'm interested in is not the styling of that, but the relationship
of that as it enhances that activity. Now, because the fate of water and carbon are tied to soil organic matter, when we damage soils, you give off carbon. This is a huge challenge for us to do that. So after
the interaction, we asked people to rate their quality of interaction with the technology, with a remote collaborator through this technology, in a number of different ways. Here's what Newton himself said:
"Nature is very consonant and conformable to her self." And I will be in your corner for the rest of your life." For me, that is the power of girls. And in a premonition of today's world of cloud computing
and softwares of service, his system was called NLS for oN-Line System. The amazing thing I've found is nothing can change on a big scale without the determination of a leader. And to draw a contrast with
that beleaguered North Atlantic population, I went to a new pristine population of Southern right whales that had only been discovered about 10 years ago in the sub-Antarctic of New Zealand, a place called
the Auckland Islands. She pulled the car over; she said, "Get out of the car." And so in Providencia, for example, in the favela, we have a controlled center running there. They have an AIDS problem. I asked
-- the U.S. State Department asked the government recently, What do you want to do? And they gave them two problems. And if we can predict, then we can engineer the future. We have seen this demonstrated
already in the talks preceding mine. But I think his son will understand this, and will have no sense of grudge, or sense of being neglected, I think. I'd learned these prior to coming to UCLA, and I decided
they were very important. This is literally the colored sequence of those tiles. I've taken inputs on positions and so forth, run it through a computer model that had simulated the dynamics of interaction,
and these are the simulated dynamics, the predictions about the path of policy. Quite the opposite of the World Bank, who compiled data with government money, tax money, and then they sell it to add a little
profit, in a very inefficient, Gutenberg way. Those, for example, are Mark IV British tanks from 1916. No one has ever seen evolution. It's fitted with solid electrodes and an electrolyte that's a solution
of salt and water. Every single change on the site goes to the recent changes page. What Warhol said about Coke is, he said, "What I really like about Coca-Cola is the president of the United States can't
get a better Coke than the bum on the corner of the street." And how can we reach that goal? My older brother Panaki Bose spent hours of his time explaining atoms to me when I barely understood basic algebra. So
I'm telling you something you already knew: namely, that comparison changes the value of things. As far as cleaning them, I don't mean to cast any aspersion on people cleaning birds. We're seeing that now
in the Horn of Africa where food prices are up 240 percent in some areas over last year. We can see our way now, And he told me, "Well, what do you mean, you want to go? That is why the competition with Microsoft
is bound to come -- will only come -- from an open-source kind of project. All I did was codify it, So you can think of FOXO as being like a building superintendent. And I thought to myself, wouldn't it be
great if I had my own dodo skeleton? Listen to this, between 1950 and 2000, the world's population doubled. It wasn't your fault; you're just fine. "You're doing worse." Frown. So starting from technology,
technology is a wonderful thing. I worked out recently that I was given a guitar as a kid at about the same time that Eric Clapton got his first guitar. In 1979, I witnessed my first military coup. Sometimes,
you get disease organisms that don't rely on host mobility at all for transmission. It is only by stopping the transmission that the world will be able to deal with it. The oceans have lost a lot of their
productivity and we're responsible for it. Wikipedia has used thousands of volunteers to create a free encyclopedia with a million and a half articles in 200 languages in just a couple of years. She loved
this. I got the "ABC's" -- this is where I started my career as a professor, when my mother had time to read for me. And the way we do this is we basically place this through the soft tissue, and kind of
punch it into the hard bone, into the tuchus -- that's a technical term -- and aspirate about 10 mls of bone marrow out, each time, with a syringe. And where did that come from? It came from Italy. Period.
None. Zero. You want to spend the day fishing with him. So we all know the three o'clock in the morning syndrome, when something you've been worrying about wakes you up -- I see a lot of people -- and for
an hour you toss and turn, it gets worse and worse, and by four o'clock you're pinned to the pillow by a monster this big. There's not a strawberry tree or a carrot bush. These are truly miraculous things
that happen. My mother said, "Well let's do a picture of something else." And the irony of it is, that this is one occasion of a paradigm collapse where we didn't have to wait for a new paradigm to come
up. Jean-Baptiste Michel: So how did we get to this conclusion? Using straw bale construction, creating heat walls. so this is 20 years ago. I made a computer out of people. Here's pagoda structures. We need
to accelerate these shifts. We will have the ear of Congress. He said that, "We might neglect our future selves because of some failure of belief or imagination." But it strikes me that the biggest problems
we face, many of the biggest disasters that we've experienced, mostly haven't come from individuals, they've come from organizations, some of them bigger than countries, many of them capable of affecting
hundreds, thousands, even millions of lives. we did it in some pretty rough areas of New York City. This is very, very simple. And this is where the power is of the bad-barrel makers. That's Arthur Leipzig's
original photograph I loved. We spent a long time thinking about why this is, and it's just recently that we realized: it's when we see something unexpected, it changes our understanding of the way things
work. Of course, we can't forget Africa. Now, of course, Babbage's machine was entirely mechanical. So I used to embark on these imaginary journeys to find intergalactic objects from planet Krypton, which
was a lot of fun, but didn't get much result. Similar. Similar ... but slightly uglier. I've been spending a lot of time traveling around the world these days, talking to groups of students and professionals, If
she fails, we're all headed to the gallows; if she passes, we can leave to Vietnam. At the same time, we need to think locally, which is the joy and marvel of Sylvia's hope spot wish, is that we can shine
a spotlight on many of these previously unknown areas, and to bring people to the table, if you will, to actually make them feel part of this community that truly has a stake in their future management. We
sit here -- you know, think about the ground vehicles, the human scale -- what do you see in person? We need to capture that up close to establish that what it's like-type experience. I then rounded the
very bend where his blue truck, heavy with four tons of floor tiles, had borne down with great speed onto the back left corner of the minibus where I sat. They sporulated, the spores attract insects, the
insects laid eggs, eggs became larvae. Sure, I had wanted to get outside of my comfort zone, but what I'd sort of failed to notice was that getting out of your comfort zone is, by definition, And my timing
was not great either: 2005, when I did the Atlantic, was the year of Hurricane Katrina. Like, take, for instance, your pacemaker cells in your heart right now. Again, discovered by accident. Just two years
ago working off Santorini, where people are sunning themselves on the beach, unbeknownst to them in the caldera nearby, we found phenomenal hydrothermal vent systems and more life systems. I'm an ignostic. KA:
You were funding it yourself and with contributions and this foundation. If things aren't going right, the first response is: let's make more rules, let's set up a set of detailed procedures to make sure
that people will do the right thing. It's an impressive track record, and so we look back and we say, well, we didn't really exactly work this out theoretically from the start, but when we look back, there
are theoretical movements in science education. and vice versa. Speaking of the environmental crisis, I think a big problem has been in the last 10 years is that children have been locked inside their rooms,
glued to their PCs, they haven't been able to get out. I never will forget it. Maybe we should let phone designers design the phones." Lectures, problem-solving and so on. It's an extraordinary place. I'd
been told that in an Arab town, one need only mention the name of a local and it will be recognized. Thank God for them. Talking about geometry and everything, if you take the circle and you split it in
half -- Patients are such an underutilized resource. CA: Have you met anyone interesting? And every day we have a choice. Parallel universes. We see with the eyes, but we see with the brain as well. It has always
been the elusive ideal to ensure full participation of people affected by disasters in the humanitarian effort. Here, Craig is working the head. And the feedback that comes from the avatar is being processed
directly by the brain without the interference of the skin. So I said, "You know, I really don't want to write about my research. And yet, in many places, a third of the children, by the time they're three
already are facing a life of hardship due to this. But that's what the rain boots are for, because rain will wash away everything, if you let it. So the challenge was -- I worked for Microsoft for a little
bit, working on the Microsoft Barney. Being gay and fathering triplets is by far the most socially innovative, socially entrepreneurial thing I have ever done. "Well," he said, "there's nothing to make an
Englishman shit faster than the sight of General George Washington." The average number of children in the world is like in Colombia -- it's 2.4 today. All right, let's head back to 1964, and let's hear
where some of Dylan's early songs came from. In reality, we now have a long history of doing this. I was a prisoner and I needed to escape. In the 1900s, early 1900s gynecologists, a lot of gynecologists
believed that when a woman has an orgasm the contractions serve to suck the semen up through the cervix and sort of deliver it really quickly to the egg, Text: You can say a story is fabricated. And we know
who's got defects in RNASEL and who doesn't. So let me show you how quickly our brains can redefine normality, Some of them are very, very large companies. The sporting goods industry, in particular, stepped
up to the plate and have done it. So we finally decided on Alexander's Siq. So the three-year-old does two things differently. We are surrounded by the most amazing people who do things that seem to be absolutely
impossible. That's what the experience of the last 20 years has been. Now he's put together some thoughts: About half of that he'll cut, another half, perhaps in a very complex set of steps, taxes will be
approved. So when I came back there, I found these two kids, eight- and 12-year-olds, who were playing a game on the computer. I think you kind of see the same kind of parallel when the commercial stuff
is offered. Well, if you look closely, you can recognize, actually, from the shape, that these are skull fragments. And this was kind of a surprise to me, but we found that as long as you keep the 100 things
in your head, which you did by writing them down, that you could do a pretty good job deciding what to do and where to put your resources. Then on the right we can see a cymatically created snowflake. She's
hugging the purse. Arguably the financial markets have failed us and the aid system is failing us, and yet I stand firmly with the optimists who believe that there has probably never been a more exciting
moment to be alive. If you live in the state of California, for example, there's a referendum coming up this spring where actually there's going to be an effort to redirect some of the money we spend on
the politics of punishment. So, I get to put in all of the things that I love. So he went out and bought a plastic frame to put the photograph in. I actually smelt someone with some on earlier. This model
is all about choices, both for leaders and for the people who will live in these new places. In other words, the mothers with post-traumatic stress syndrome had passed on a vulnerability to the condition
to their children while they were still in utero. And in the last years of the old regime, he would routinely be detailed to go into the township to aggress the community. It's the blockbuster comedy. Why
do we choose paper? You can't own your children. And the god Indra jumped into the clearing. They had voice recorders and FM transmitters. So, the question we've got to ask ourselves really is, what is it? Ideally
you want to put the head support in the cranial area, right there. You know, the computer and television both recently turned 60, and today I'd like to talk about their relationship. Now imagine an object,
amazing object, or something which we cannot explain when we just stand up and say, "Look, we give up. Physics doesn't work." This artist's impression turned into reality when a parachute landed on Titan,
Saturn's giant moon. No effect on those things. This is what's affected. You know, as you can see, from almost 50 billion down to about 12 or 13 billion. Sweeney: Okay. Oprah was never necessarily a big hero
of mine. But let me tell you a little bit about Feynman the physicist. It was a 200-foot diameter geodesic sphere to be suspended over the East River in New York City, in full view of the United Nations. That
will be history at this point, because it will no longer be possible to believe that aging is inevitable in humans, since it's been postponed so very effectively in mice. And all of these blank areas are
the areas in which the wires are running through. Lisa Kristine: Photos that bear witness to modern slavery The only difference is that now you're only working with 21 percent oxygen. And, you know, I want
to make it blink and do all that at the same time. You should try it yourself. That's what I do. We are evolved to second-guess the behavior of others by becoming brilliant, intuitive psychologists. Think
about how many letters in the title. That to be able to talk about content, to break apart what you normally expect, to use humor and surprise, elegance and humanity in your work was really important to
us. Now, this doesn't have a brain, it doesn't have a neural system. This is just a sack of chemicals that is able to have this interesting and complex lifelike behavior. When people are given the opportunity
to create in the world, there's really two things they want. Within the working drawings! And I think that this is something that oncologists and epidemiologists should be aware of in the future. That as
we explore these strings of A's, T's, C's and G's, we may uncover a completely new class of life that, like Beijerinck, will fundamentally change the way that we think about the nature of biology. His music
never ceases to sound fresh and surprising to me. And then it wires itself to the current collector. It's something we have to, too, and that means the people who are working on counterterrorism responses
have to start, in effect, putting on their Google-tinted glasses, or whatever. But lists like this become kind of numbing, so let me just say this: if you're a progressive, if you're driving a Prius, or
you're shopping green, or you're looking for organic, you should probably be a semi-vegetarian. David Macaulay relives the winding and sometimes surreal journey toward the completion of Rome Antics, his
illustrated homage to the historic city. How do we allow any of this to happen? And all of this is played out against the backdrop of transient pack ice that moves with wind and tide. Another person. I need
to rest." Yes, we put "sniff butt" on queue. Audience: Seventh. AB: Seventh -- would that be a Wednesday? Robert Full on animal movement And that is that despite all the resources at my disposal, and despite
all our kind of apparent sophistication, I know I could never have designed something as elegant and as totally in tune with the local conditions as this. OK? You'll expand your vocabulary, meet new people,
and you'll have a healthier lifestyle. We're looking for people that said, "Yes, race was a factor; moreover it was an important factor, in my decision," Three hundred and forty-four frames, four and a half
years and commissions later, what started as a one person show became a collaborative work of nineteen most talented artists. What's interesting really about X-ray really is, if you think about it, is that
that technology is used for looking for cancer or looking for drugs, or looking for contraband or whatever. it starts with binary. Yeah, people used to say, "Norman's OK, but if you followed what he said,
everything would be usable but it would be ugly." We have such a hard time figuring out that learning is not a place but an activity. That's how my interests began and went to the TEEB project. And so in
Japan, I began to experiment with people. Pink's squad and another squad spent their entire day outside the wire. Now try to imagine the sinking feeling you get when you've just sent out 2,000 volunteers
and you can't prove it. And anyways, isn't it supposed to be man versus machine? KB: No one in the audience. And just to help you out, I'll block them from view, so nobody can see what you're doing. And we
obviously went forward. We did. It is an initiative that is focused on simple, accessible and human-centric solutions. What we desperately need, beyond, or along with, better rules and reasonably smart incentives,
is we need virtue. We need character. We need people who want to do the right thing. and can, indeed, be done administratively or at a state level. And this has come onto the stage pretty recently. Diarrhea
is the second biggest killer of children worldwide, and you've probably been asked to care about things like HIV/AIDS or T.B. or measles, but diarrhea kills more children than all those three things put
together. We now are treating 325 people a month, despite the fact that almost 100 percent of the AIDS patients are now treated at home. These discoveries that lead to sudden realizations; and I've been
having them, over 200 dirty jobs, I have them all the time, but that one -- that one drilled something home in a way that I just wasn't prepared for. And what they taught us was that designing a checklist
to help people handle complexity actually involves more difficulty than I had understood. So just keep working on them for a little second. This is one subject's data. And all the components are there which
are now in common parlance, in our vocabulary, you know, 30-odd years later: And the next generation fiber will be simply magic. Then finally we have governmental bodies everywhere that will regulate everything
we do. And she might not get to see that mountaintop. There's more mass in the microbes than the mass of our brain. Sometimes the object will slide across the table, sometimes it will not. I don't care if
you're on the left, on the right, up the middle, wherever. So it turns out that in emerging markets, where the fish are, are the emerging middle class of these countries -- That's my simple understanding
of human rights. So you have this little algal forest, and in the size of a laptop you can find more than 100 species of algae, mostly microscopic fit hundreds of species of little animals that then feed
the fish, so that the system recovers. It was actually robotic surgery. I started mixing, and I felt like everything was going to fall out through one hole or another, but I just kept on going. we have a
FireWire camera, it looked at an infrared pointer. It might even cost up towards a percentage point of GDP every year for affected nations. And a month after we got the Pauling manuscript -- I should say
I took the manuscript to London, and showed the people. I wanted to vomit. You can zoom around very simply. This is all on behalf of a cause other than one's own genetic fitness, of course. And it is my contention
that the manner in which we educate our leaders is fundamental to progress on this continent. If you do this again and again, the propensity, the tendencies for anger to arise again will be less and less
each time you dissolve it. We refuse to really address the issue of difference. Well, because it gives them good, paying jobs, or, in many African countries, unofficial opportunities to profit from corruption. And
this young child who'd taken about an inch and a half out of her leg with no antiseptic, and that young boy who was a child soldier, who told me he'd killed people -- he was about 12 -- to get as much out
of you [as] they can get away with. Point directly at his forehead. And that's what you see here. -- it was printed in Monterey, I checked. And the story began, "Former Vice President Al Gore announced in
Nigeria yesterday, 'My wife Tipper and I have opened a low-cost family restaurant, named Shoney's, and we are running it ourselves.'" Before I could get back to U.S. soil, David Letterman and Jay Leno
had already started in on -- one of them had me in a big white chef's hat, Tipper was saying, "One more burger, with fries!" And even though Steven passed away three years ago we had an amazing journey
as a family. the first time, when I was going through the vegetation, the chimpanzees were still running away from me, for the most part, although some were a little bit acclimatized -- And I'm jamming away
on this thing, and I'm realizing that my hands look like primitive claws grasping onto the bar. And I thought, "That's very peculiar." Because we have 300 million microbloggers in China. So unfortunately,
this doesn't help this woman, but it does have severe, profound if you will, implications to her family. And I've been working for the past 20 years on a population of seed-eating ants in southeastern Arizona. Harmony
is the suggestion of something that is embracing and universal and of eternity and of the moment. And I think there are clearly right answers to that. This is a video installation called "The Missing Person." And
so some time around 200,000 years ago, our species confronted this crisis. The man who ran it was an ex-army officer. Audience: May. AB: May what? It means that the economy is dividing into high-skill, high-wage
jobs and low-skill, low-wage jobs -- and that the middle, the middle-skill jobs, and the middle-earning jobs, are starting to drop out of the economy. no copyright protection. I said, "What would you do? The
chair is done in 1949. No, I'm not even going to look up. No." The entire pile is my stuff if I'm building something. 200 billion. And they're selling these floating reactors, only 35 megawatts, to developing
countries. And then -- one thing: they have things like risotto chop suey. I was preaching in San Jose some time ago, and my friend Mark Kvamme, who helped introduce me to this conference, brought several
CEOs and leaders of some of the companies here in the Silicon Valley to have breakfast with me, or I with them. Dopamine plays a number of important functions in the brain, including in attention, arousal,
reward, and disorders of the dopamine system have been linked to a number of mental disorders including drug abuse, Parkinson's disease, and ADHD. But at first I did not know what to do. Now, when I was
first doing this, all I was trying to do was count the numbers of sources. This whole, what Ben Bernanke has said, the chaotic unwinding of the world's financial system, it's about -- they don't know, they
didn't know what they were doing. Maybe it's actually us that's designed badly. And this man, Archie Cochrane, is a prisoner of war and a doctor, and he has a problem. Here focusing in on Haiti. First of all,
this is where we're projected to go with the U.S. contribution to global warming, under business as usual. Efficiency in end-use electricity and end-use of all energy is the low-hanging fruit. Efficiency
and conservation: it's not a cost; it's a profit. The sign is wrong. And he spends that week talking to the family about what do they think great art is. And in it, Tolstoy told of a trip that he'd recently
made to a very remote area of the Caucasus, where there were only wild barbarians, who had never left this part of Russia. The problem is the spacecraft's largest diameter is nine feet; ARES is 21-foot
wingspan, 17 feet long. So these are private, secret conversations. Imagine music XML that actually lets you delve into the semantic structure of music, play with it, understand it. She has the world's most
absolutely watertight alibi. I know what these kids deserve on the healthcare side. There's nobody to stick up for the future self. What Cristine did was use our Blicket Detectors. So, I would suggest that
we don't think intelligence, we think replicators. That's what she's really interested in." So now we do the monitoring on the inside -- from towers, satellites, ultralights. Here's another example of stem-cell
therapy that isn't quite clinical yet, but I think very soon will be. Most people. The one on the left was kept in a fridge for 10 days. I think that really puts human lifespans into a different perspective. The
problem is the efficiency is one hundredth of one percent, because you're heating all the metal of the chamber and then cooling all the metal of the chamber each time. We have a special program for you."
They did. Up, up, up. The legends that you see in the movie don't appear for the monkey. Our population and our use of the finite resources of planet Earth are growing exponentially, along with our technical
ability to change the environment for good or ill. It could have survived 150 years of whaling. And I convinced him that we should leave the room with the agreement to build it as designed. If there was a
dial tone and you dialed a number, the odds were two in three you wouldn't get the number you were intending to reach. There are a trillion hours a year of participatory value up for grabs. Two things to
notice: he's getting weaker, and while he gets a lot of attention in the United States, he is not a major player in Iran. He is on the way down. Only three of the negative trials were published, but all
but one of the positive trials were published. One of our problems is that world food production needs to increase very rapidly -- doubling by about 2030. Well, then let's build something that we can both
benefit from, and find some way to make a new relationship with these species. And it has altered the Earth. It covers Earth like a skin. And Mayan inscriptions proclaim that he was deeply in love with his
wife. We see in other countries that it matters much less into which social context you're born. Demonstrated successes there led to a consensus for a move toward the market model for the entire economy. So,
if you stagger into the head late at night and you're so toilet-hugging sick that you forget to turn on the light, you may think that you're having a religious experience. Natasha, would you just come up,
for a second, just maybe to say hello to everybody? And linked to this crowd mania were examples all around the world -- from the election of a president to the infamous Wikipedia, and everything in between
-- on what the power of numbers could achieve. But for a lot of tasks, they actually either don't work or, often, they do harm. But what's interesting is you can then broaden the search and actually see
interesting things and get a sense of what else is out there. So we've offered unlimited storage, unlimited bandwidth, forever, for free, to anybody that has something to share that belongs in a library. And
sometimes they also have to bring water from far away to do the laundry at home, If I said to you, "Okay, we're not going to have new TED. So all you need is a swing of the tail to right yourself. And they
account for, for example the beautiful evolution of a language-specific processor in every normally developing baby. We have corporates that have stood behind us, and we are able to, now, open more schools. It's
not surprising, because only three percent of people in the DRC use condoms. The spinal cord had breaks. The neurons were crossing in every which way. The biggest change for me was that the world moved forward,
that there were innovations and all kinds of new things -- all these things that I had never seen before. We learned of Marshall Kay's geosynclinal cycle, which is a bunch of crap. CA: Sam, this is a conversation
I would actually love to continue for hours. We don't have that, but maybe another time. Thank you for coming to TED. An atheist is just somebody who feels about Yahweh the way any decent Christian feels
about Thor or Baal or the golden calf. The patients learn to do this themselves And then the patients can undergo all the activities of their daily life. And then thirdly, less tangible, but just as essential
for the open-ended creation of knowledge, of explanations, is evidence. Britlin was so innocent and so sweet, and her voice was so pure. Except in a few special circumstances: In women, blood vessels grow
every month to build the lining of the uterus; during pregnancy, they form the placenta, which connects mom and baby. Some, they're just right there, right there. Put them right there. And I think we shouldn't
shy away in architecture, And I think that that's, in fact, probably the first appropriate response. It's not just a root supplying a plant, but for each of those plants, whatever it is -- a presentation,
an analysis, somebody's looking for patterns in the data -- they get to look at all the data and they get it connected together, and the really important thing about data is the more things you have to
connect together, the more powerful it is. That, it seems to me, is a way to begin to restore the art of democratic argument. And same with the other cars. chaotic globalized world. All dug up just west of
here in Olduvai Gorge, by the Leakey family. That means that we know the right combination of heat and cold and the cycles that you have to get to make the seed germinate. And again, we have no way of knowing,
but it's clear that a new form of wealth must have emerged. It also means "the morning star," in some scripture. Jorge Luis Borges had a story called "The Aleph," and the Aleph is a point in the world where
absolutely everything exists, and for me, this image is a point in the world where absolutely everything exists. queens and tens. And I think that the answer is, we can look at mortality data, and we can
use mortality data to figure out what the prevalence was in the past. A vertical-takeoff aircraft, like the hummingbird, has a very high metabolism, which means it requires a lot of energy. All right, there's
that robot again. That is the message, which we started 31 years ago. And not only that -- he would sometimes pick a leafy twig modifying an object to make it suitable for a specific purpose -- the beginning
of tool-making. With his effort, and the support of his mother, his family and his community, he became a principal member in the double bass segment of the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra. You see this little
pattern here? Now, ASCAP said they didn't care. Because I believe that the hand in all its primitive, in all its physiological obscurity, has a source, though the source is unknown, though we don't have
to be mystical about it. And the nearest ferry crossing from Fife is from Burntisland. And with this telescope we should be able to see stars that are even closer to the center of the galaxy. And he wanted
to hoist his flag to say, "I was here first." But when he reached the mountain peak, he found the peak covered with countless flags of world-conquerors before him, each one claiming "'I was here first'
... that's what I thought until I came here." And suddenly, in this canvas of infinity, Bharat felt insignificant. This time it's not a cheese sandwich. In the bird outbreaks we now can see that pretty much
the whole world has seen this virus except the Americas. This is Uce. Software is subject to another primal force: the mandate to release more and more versions. But you do it, by -- what I just-- you know,
you do experiments, and you write down things sometimes, you make observations, you know. So I enlist you to help me get the cooperation project started. This haze is ubiquitous. It's completely global and
enveloping Titan. And then, the third piece. The third piece for me is the question: What is cinema to you? What do you do with cinema? Volunteer firefighter Mark Bezos tells a story of an act of heroism
that didn't go quite as expected -- but that taught him a big lesson: Don't wait to be a hero. The weather, as you can imagine, this is summer, and you're standing on 200 ft of ice. I'm like, screw that.
They're all in the pond and nobody's going into the pond. I am a cultural omnivore, one whose daily commute is made possible by attachment to an iPod -- an iPod that contains Wagner and Mozart, pop diva
Christina Aguilera, country singer Josh Turner, gangsta rap artist Kirk Franklin, concerti, symphonies and more and more. In March 2004, there were terrible riots all over the province -- as it then was
-- of Kosovo. That actually occurred this year. She took early retirement. And then the last section was going to go around the rail yards, which is the largest undeveloped site in Manhattan. Silly. Foolish.
Impossible. He figured out the system. I can't hear from my right ear. One can say that a bad thing sucks, but that this natural world still has many glories. I was decidedly unhappy; a girl didn't marry me. And
I don't mean that they drop out of school in the third or fourth grade -- they don't go. It's a stronger risk factor than having a mother or a sister with breast cancer. Welcome. If I could have the first
slide, please? The survivors that do get through produce this world of crocodile-like creatures. OK, this is Mount Everest. And obviously, technology had existed before then, but we weren't aware of it, and
so it was sort of an awakening of this force in our life. I think we're all in this room, probably, because we know that, in fact, Africa is the only region in the world where hunger and malnutrition are
projected to go up over the next 10 years, where the food import bill is now double what it was 20 years ago, where food production per capita has stagnated, and where fertilizer use has declined rather
than increased. It's something I wanted to do just to show how I could get the symmetrical shape. But our grandkids are going to be kind of concerned here. Robert Ballard on exploring the oceans We took standard
statistical techniques, so I'm going to not talk about that. Count thy sheep and not thy years. Each point on the surface of the sphere is mapped through the bottom pole, onto a flat surface, where it is
then recorded. And you can sit in a room like this, with a joystick and a headset, and drive a robot like that around the bottom of the ocean in real time. Most of my childhood was spent playing with Legos. It
was the cheapest source of protein in America. Actually this is not a curtain. These are vinyl blinds that are integrated into the windows themselves, again with failsafe mechanisms that can be lifted such
that you can completely demystify, if you chose, the operations of the theater going on behind, rehearsals and so forth. It's mind not matter, brain not brawn, ideas not things. And if you're remodeling
your house, take out all the carpeting and put in hardwood flooring." But there is zero correlation between IQ and emotional empathy, feeling with the other person. They're controlled by different parts
of the brain. Rolf Bolin, who was a professor at the Hopkin's Marine Station where I work, wrote in the 1940s that "The fumes from the scum floating on the inlets of the bay were so bad they turned lead-based
paints black." It's kind of boring, but I'll just tell you a little This first encounter was kind of like the Maasai boy who kills the lion to become a warrior. But in fact, there are many more words in the
English language with R in the third than the first place. most people here don't speak Malagasy. I used to think, well is it Cambodia? and if you actually go and look up Berlin, you'll find that there are
other blobs of data which also have stuff about Berlin, and they're linked together. There are passages where you can read it, and you think you're reading from a Darwin textbook, from the period before
he has this epiphany. And then we are miserable, and we are looking for purpose and meaning, and then we feel vulnerable, so then we have a couple of beers and a banana nut muffin. And the thing is, though,
if you looked at my brain during those years in the Moonies -- neuroscience is expanding exponentially, as Ray Kurzweil said yesterday. Science is expanding. And if we can find that, then we'll be able
to find, within each one of us, what it is that we need to find to face the big question, which is: how do we change? And for the first time ever in three generations, his children would go to school. When
you're in the low-power pose condition, only 60 percent, and that's a pretty whopping significant difference. Can you get me some information? Namely, that when they cast bells, they write inscriptions on
them. That was an interesting case. It's the invisible application that holds our attention to story. Most disease is correlated with poverty, but in the case of childhood cancers, the children who were dying
seemed mostly to come from affluent families. What creates the illusion? And just like we can look at feedback cycles and dynamics in a family, we can now open up the same concepts and look at much larger
groups of people. In other words, use that fixation in order to motivate that kid, that's one of the things we need to do. This is because magic is all about directing attention. and as you can imagine, these
three-dimensional structures are much harder to work on. Let's start with business. And you know some of them would probably be terrible chairs. And every time they do that, they get a tiny little packet
of energy. People would feel really fine in an open outdoor environment. What Howard did is he fundamentally changed the way the food industry thinks Assumption number one in the food industry used to be
that the way to find out what people want to eat -- what will make people happy -- is to ask them. There were three jumps. Because if it's true that our best option at the moment is to prevent CO2 emissions
with something like the Kyoto Protocol, with its constraints on economic activity and its enormous cost of hundreds of billions of dollars or whatever it is, then that is already a disaster by any reasonable
measure. And, I mean, first of all we -- nobody had actually crossed the Atlantic in a hot air balloon before, so we had to build a hot air balloon that was capable of flying in the jet stream, and we weren't
quite sure, when a balloon actually got into the jet stream, whether it would actually survive the 200, 220 miles an hour winds that you can find up there. My desperation made me an innovator. I want to
argue to you that in fact, politics and religion, which are the two primary factors -- not the sole, but overwhelmingly, the primary factors -- which are driving towards a war which looks extremely likely
-- bordering on the inevitable at this point, whether one is in favor of that or not -- that politics and religion are, in fact, themselves better conceptualized as kinds of technology, and subject to
kinds of questions that we regularly consider in the space of conceptual design. So let me show you a film -- a piece from that film -- and how a camera also -- so this is a scene, where in my mind, she
was at the depths of mortality. The person was killed by stabs in the heart, but they just deposited the knife by putting it through one of the eyeballs. behavioral economics,business,culture,economics,finance,self With
all the legitimate concerns about AIDS and avian flu -- and we'll hear about that from the brilliant Dr. Brilliant later today -- I want to talk about the other pandemic, which is cardiovascular disease,
diabetes, hypertension -- all of which are completely preventable for at least 95 percent of people just by changing diet and lifestyle. And these are flytrap anemones. Now, this is starting to happen in
transistors. If we changed so much, something must have happened. You know, I was very fortunate to meet Danny Hillis a few years ago. "Poems. I have to write poems. To look at 1968, in the incredible historic
moment that it is, and think of the arc that has happened since then, to think of the possibilities that we are all privileged to stand in today and imagine that this museum that came out of a moment of
great protest and one that was so much about examining the history and the legacy of important African-American artists to the history of art in this country like Jacob Lawrence, Norman Lewis, Romare Bearden. And
that recognition will sow fear -- recognizing the seriousness of the situation. And this is our project for Ford Motor Company. It's the revitalization of the River Rouge in Dearborn. is not mainly driven
by more crime. These are complex issues. And I sat with him a few weeks ago. Psychology professor took kids that were four years old What had been a really mild spring turned into a miserably hot summer. but
they had to do it like the West, right? Because we are setting up leagues. and the idea is, for 20 percent of your time, if you're working at Google, you can do what you think is the best thing to do. Why?
Because I told you we want to use these games for education or for rehabilitation. We need to have effects that are going to be long-lasting. One of the reasons why China is a bit popular with Africans
now -- one of the reasons is not only just that, you know, these people are stupid and China is coming to take resources. I called my wife Leslie, and I said, "You know, there's so many good people trying
to do so much good. It began a little less than two years ago. And I said to him, "Can you prove to me that psychiatry is a pseudo-science that can't be trusted?" So with Iranians, you can tell whose side
the person is on based on the number of kisses they give you. I was selected as a White House Fellow when I was 24 years old. And you're on the inside, and it's everything you hoped it would be. And a fifth
symmetry, I can rotate it by five sixths of a turn. I need to explain a little bit about monsoons. Let me show you about what it's like to code in Scratch. Space that exists within us, and without us. And
the tools, the resources that we use to build a game layer are game dynamics themselves. My body was often in the way. It's like a consenting intellectual S&amp;M activity. I wish the answer were easy. In
Tel Aviv they come to my concerts." So you can try it yourself today, and I would say, enjoy. So what you need to do, to take the capability of your hand, and put it on the other side of that small incision,
is you need to put a wrist on that instrument. We have only, in government and in politics, started to scratch the surface of what people are doing in the commercial world with the information revolution. And
it says something complicated with lots and lots of concepts. Because everything around us is being run by these. But it turns out we also like to create, and we like to share. This is change-blindness. but
it doesn't generate any jobs. Well, what explains all these studies? What explains the fact that despite our intuitions, mine included, a lot of online communication, technologically-mediated communication,
is more honest than face to face? Because fielders are successful 90 to 95 percent of the time. We've recently discovered this. Do they do it by friction? Imagine spending seven years at MIT and research
laboratories, only to find out that you're a performance artist. And it's also estimated that there is going to be twice as much meat and dairy consumed. And sitting next to that water in the cores was this
little Deinococcus radiodurans, doing a backstroke, having its chromosomes blown apart every day, six, seven times, restitching them, living in about 200 times the radiation that would kill you. This is
the amount of energy that goes into any paper towel or embodied water, In the last century, it killed 500 million people. This is the closest to an Oriental bellydancing feast that you will ever get in Vienna. And
what that is, is cavitation. And finally, we wanted to see where we could look at what the impact of this structure would be in the marine environment, and we set up a field site at a place called Moss
Landing Marine Lab in Monterey Bay, where we worked in a harbor to see what impact this would have on marine organisms. Now I'm not even sure if we should brand the subject as math, but what I am sure is
it's the mainstream subject of the future. And eventually, they'll have evolved to such a high peak of perfection that they will make us all their pets -- In this clip I'm about to show you, which has never
been seen in the public before, there is a struggle. Naif Al-Mutawa: Superheroes inspired by Islam If you happen to live close to the desert border, you can pretty much calculate how long it will be before
you have to carry your kids away, and abandon your home and your life as you know it. Steven Pinker's book The Blank Slate argues that all humans are born with some innate traits. Here, Pinker talks about
his thesis, and why some people found it incredibly upsetting. A lot of models come from science. You have guests over, you have two guestrooms that are developed. Well, the funny thing is that I already
have that kind of life, in a way, because I discovered ... The point is, are we ready to take the path to celebrating ordinary heroes, waiting for the right situation to come along to put heroic imagination
into action? In fact, I bought the gold-plated special edition and it comes with a little slip of paper that says, "Don't use this juicer to make juice." So that's what T20 is doing. And he was telling me
that really, we ought to try and eradicate these things. We gotta kill them because they're making a mess. So they reformulated the bactericide. Wat, wait. Just hold this for me. She was CEO of a successful
e-venture -- she started and built Reed Elsevier Ventures -- and at 45 she decided she wanted to do something different with her life. And I play when I design. That's like tossing an apple upward and it
goes up faster and faster. CA: Fracking. What is the great revolution in science of the last 10, 15 years? We love to do jogging, fitness. Fredrick the Great of Prussia was very, very keen for the Germans
to adopt the potato and to eat it, I thought he was joking when he first showed it to me. As far as national representation, 11 percent of Brazilian internet users are on Twitter. Now, flight -- what does
it take to fly? And in fact, it has created us, has created life, has created all the stuff of life. Now the irony of all this is that while the future of war may involve more and more machines, it's our
human psychology that's driving all of this, it's our human failings that are leading to these wars. From Eric Mazur, I learned about peer instruction, that peers can be the best teachers, because they're
the ones that remember what it's like to not understand. and that's been something that's been nurturing me for some time, In Jordan, we had His Majesty the King come and see them. And then James Watson's
-- one of the co-founders of DNA -- genome was done for two million dollars, and in just two months. That's a good thing for this particular acute problem, but it does nothing to solve the pyramid problem. And
just by using cold water going through the water pipes, you can release the heat which is absorbed during the day in the stadium, so you can create that comfort, and then by adding dry air instead of down-chilled
air, the spectators and the football players can adjust to their individual comfort needs, to their individual energy balance. Regularity is the contrary of roughness because the basic aspect of the world
is very rough. So let me show you a few objects. I could just tell there was a grand design under it -- in every shot, every scene, every line. Nigerian newspapers circulations spiked. And what we're looking
at is the presence of the gas methane, CH4, in the atmosphere of Mars. So we really had to think about new, creative ways to flavor, new ways to cook and to change texture -- and that was the main issue
with this challenge. He always proves us wrong. They're basically retaining their juvenile characteristics very late in what we call ontogeny. Durga, resplendent, bedecked, beautiful, her 18 arms ready for
warfare, as she rode astride her lion into the battlefield to destroy Mahishasur. So it should look like this. You should be looking at something like this. Imagine I asked you, "How much would you sell
your kids for?" And the reason we have to do that in the short term is because we have just run out of cash. It's, "How can we give credible hope to that billion people?" all of them are bamboo. Have they
put up the wrong slide?" Also, food, the way I look at food has changed, because now I can display the food on a plate, so I can eat my favorite song. And that's gone up since then, but we don't have the
numbers yet. And it's actually quite a useful concept, because it tells us not only when a black hole will form, but it also gives us the key elements for the proof of a black hole. We do something to something
And just like magic, it moves. The blob. And I'm going to show you one beautiful possibility towards the end of this talk. I mean, confidence is like, you know, you've been on that bull before; you know
you can ride him. And a lot of the functions in the data that we have as input systems here are really different than we understand them, because we're not measuring them dynamically. children,development,education,poverty And
then this thing here -- I'm hoping as you drive by you'll hear the picket fence effect of the sound hitting it. And all the color just drained from his face, and he looked at me, and he said, "Forget everything
you learned." This one is one that will spoke out, and will go out, and to start reaching. Because right now there's conversations in India, in China, in South America -- there's entries coming from all
around the world. And I said, well, in the same way that they exude a protein and it starts the crystallization -- and then they all sort of leaned in -- they let go of a protein that stops the crystallization. And
in closing, I want to share the personal reason why this meant so much to me and changed the direction of my life. So this is what I really think. But the cost has to be brought right down. The proscenium
line can also disappear. And it turns out that ants will respond to the right rate of contact with a glass bead with hydrocarbon extract on it, as they would to contact with real ants. The point about democracy
is not that it delivers legitimate, effective, prosperous rule of law. Would you drive to get it? At this point, 0.003 savings -- the 100 dollars. But as we started asking ourselves about how we were addressing
the higher needs of our employees and our customers, I realized we had no metrics. So, ready, steady, go! Take BP -- they spent millions of pounds over many years building up its credentials as an environmentally
friendly brand, but then one little accident. In other spheres of life, if people argued -- well, except possibly for politics -- but in other spheres of life, if people argued illogically, we'd say that's
not a good thing. And since it was near lunch time, they said, "All right, we'll give you some lunch. They taught me about what a strong marriage feels like: Here is a sign that, translated, says, "Obey the
birth control law. This issue isn't just theoretical. which is sort of the foreground. And then, after a year of training, I felt ready. But the bird, instead of flying away, goes flop, flop, flop and lands
on my head. people whose human rights have been violated -- the crux of that is the loss of dignity, the lack of dignity. I said, "But you know, I bought an airline ticket, and I'm stuck here for a week." Someone
speaks, there's resonance in all these receiving brains, the whole group acts together. The fact that this decree is in Babylonian says one thing. I explored there extensively in the off-limits areas and
fell in love right away. And the International Maritime Organization responded very strongly, "These are the new lanes." I'm here to tell you a few tales of passion. In a little over two years, we've written
up about 4,000 items -- replicable models, technological tools, emerging ideas -- all providing a path to a future that's more sustainable, more equitable and more desirable. The approval process is going
to fall apart, actually. There is a point in this video, towards the beginning where they zoom in for a close up of his hand with his wedding ring, as if to say, "It's okay, it's just his job. He really
does like women." Okay, almost all of you. And then the fully expressive MeBot. And they were the first people to describe this new chemical transmitter, nitric oxide. Number Two. Number Two. Two. They're hard
to see, and the sky is really big. Ben Cichy: Phoenix is the first Mars Scout mission. More abstract. These are your engineers, your computer programmers. So my teeth actually hold my jaw in the correct position. We've
come away from the Freudian gloom, and people are now actively studying this. This was a huge -- as you would expect -- a huge capital build out. All the streets had to be torn up. That hydrogen's being
made because there's a good business reason for its use. And Ganesha said, "You went around 'the world.' I went around 'my world.'" What matters more? It's almost like doing a surgical operation to get this
thing right. And then I understood that asking my father so many questions was stirring up a whole past he probably didn't feel like talking about because it was painful. In an engaging and personal talk
-- with cameo appearances from his grandmother and Rosa Parks -- human rights lawyer Bryan Stevenson shares some hard truths about America's justice system, starting with a massive imbalance along racial
lines: a third of the country's black male population has been incarcerated at some point in their lives. These issues, which are wrapped up in America's unexamined history, are rarely talked about with
this level of candor, insight and persuasiveness. They were sneakers, and this is in a village that doesn't even have paved roads. It was quite attractive. Now, I need an assistant. In each little drop of
water you get 50 billion of these guys. Is all of this, as we go digital, is it going to be public or private? I took to this like a duck to water. Because all I could really do was represent in a very one-on-one
way. Maybe one day you will watch this on the Internet. And my best friend had mistakenly one day said something about wishing he had another child. They were going to make it fun for me. That mission is to
defend the freedom of the family that he left at home. Now there is one issue that is hyper-partisan, and where there is one party that is just spend, spend, spend, we don't care, spend some more, and that
of course is Republicans when it comes to military defense spending. What I take from this journey, from my journeys, is that, in fact, within every fiber of my belief standing here, I know that we can
make the impossible possible. These are just drawings of Rome. I get back as often as possible -- I need to. Chris Bangle says great cars are Art It's something which is suspended between what we believe
we can be, and a tradition we may have forgotten. AM: I said to the receptionist -- I mean, I am just harried, and Sheryl's at my side -- I said, "Look, do you have anybody here who could help me? This little
robot was somehow able to tap into something deeply social within us -- The second reason why users are more and more important is that they are the source of big, disruptive innovations. He was wrong. So
on top of L-Dopa, they gave these kids a serotonin precursor drug, and they're effectively normal now. Be careful. If you've got a harmful organism, a high proportion of the people are going to be symptomatic,
a high proportion of the people are going to be going to get antibiotics. Because if you think about it, normally when we think of conflict, when we describe it, there's always two sides -- Child: After
all this time here, music is life. Well, that's really cool, but what Einstein's really hoping is that maybe he'll genetically engineer a five-pound peanut. The second reason we really liked MRI is that
there's no radiation. It's something very personal. We need to be thinking more about permaculture, which is why I think this image just sums up for me the kind of thinking we need to be doing. If you have
50 percent deflation, people may increase their volume 30, 40 percent, but they won't keep up with it." So a little bit about the future, steps to space, what's available for you. And I decided I had to
get closer than just drawing fantasy airplanes. Then, at moment number two, you have the fake announcement go out. So, Dan [Barber], if you want billions of chicken pellets for your fish farm, I know where
to get them. When you think of the future then, do you think it's more likely to be Big Brother exerting more control, or us watching Big Brother, or it's just all to be played for either way? I had this
image in my mind, when I saw my son's little chair, and I saw it explode up and out. Its purpose is to be a serious knowledge engine that computes answers to questions. And because fertility rates fell across
that very same period that life expectancy was going up, that has always represented the distribution of age in the population, with many young ones at the bottom winnowed to a tiny peak of older people
who make it and survive to old age is being reshaped into a rectangle. And the only challenge was that she had 10 children. That's the only way that the model works. It will be well over a trillion dollars
by 2050. The world's many religions have found so many ways to help people climb the staircase. For that entire time, the world only exists as an abstraction, as he is taught the values of society, including
this notion that their prayers alone maintain the cosmic balance. Because poor people are business people who lack business skills and access to credit. And it's just a bit spooky. business,culture,global
issues,media,violence,war So Thomas Watson wasn't listening to us. And there are different kinds of relationships between the people. First place I'd like to take you is what many believe will be the world's
deepest natural abyss. They are quite rightly amazed and delighted by their children's cleverness. I'm not going to answer that, OK. He read 30 years of Harvard Business Review before stumbling upon an article
in 1986 called "The New New Product Development Game." And Edgar Rice Burroughs actually put himself as a character inside this movie, and as the narrator. The sculpture could now be entirely soft, which
made it so light it could tie in to existing buildings -- literally becoming part of the fabric of the city. And thank you for listening. And this is what they call Zero B type of water, because it comes
from the clouds, pure distilled water. And it became ever clearer that economic growth doesn't automatically translate into social growth or human growth. And so what we wanted to do was to figure out how
we could make this story into an animation that would be the centerpiece of BioVisions at Harvard, which is a website that Harvard has for its molecular and cellular biology students that will -- in addition
to all the textual information, in addition to all the didactic stuff -- put everything together visually, so that these students would have an internalized view of what a cell really is in all of its
truth and beauty, and be able to study with this view in mind, so that their imaginations would be sparked, so that their passions would be sparked and so that they would be able to go on and use these
visions in their head to make new discoveries and to be able to find out, really, how life works. As you get older, the risers get shallower and the steps get wider, and you start moving along at a slower
pace because you're making fewer discoveries. You can see the furrows in the brow and how the microstructure changes there. And I'll just show you one. This next artist, N.S. Harsha, actually has a studio
right here in Mysore. That's another tool that's really taken off -- really, really interesting. Rob Dunbar: Discovering ancient climates in oceans and ice But ultimately, it was a disruption on top of a
disruption. It's not because some people don't survive childhood illnesses -- they do -- but they do not survive after the time that they reach about 45 years old and 50 years old. So, I always like to show
this cartoon. Archie lets it die down. And who would have thought that scientists And from, you know, Fattushis, to Taxistan to, you know, for the Fashtoonks, Botoxia, Pashmina, Khlintunisia, you know, we
were able to take the city and make fun of this completely foreign, who are -- what's going on over here? I started an educational software company after I joined Lotus, and then I started Idealab so I
could have a roof under which I could build multiple companies in succession But we will come back, once again, to the traditional thing. and that's part of the change in medicine. I'm going to start with
Glenn Gould. I got a D in pottery, which was the one thing that I did get -- And so concern is where all of this comes from. But I felt something. Usually, with a genetic algorithm on a computer today, with
a three gigahertz processor you can solve many, many formerly intractable problems in just a matter of minutes. So each chain, or each element, wants to turn right or left. Why does this happen? And we got
a report -- a sort of engineering analysis into what happened -- saying that, in fact, security guards from some rival, various competing oil firms had, in fact, parked trucks there and blown them up. and
ancient authors have written about it. If not, I will never do that first step. So when I work with Rahman who's a great musician, I often tell him, "Don't follow what the script already says. Please note
it's a museum specimen, but there's no chance you'll get the avian flu. And, of course, in the modern world, with the environmental movement, we're becoming even more aware of the connectivity of things,
that something I do here actually does matter in Africa, that if I use too much of my carbon allowance, it seems to be that we are causing a great lack of rain in central and eastern Africa. No sit or stop,
as I reach for the top I'm fully dedicated like a patriotic cop. Does everyone know the ham butt problem? He said no. He says, "Of course they do. They go in the order in which they were built. That's a little
diver up there in the corner. This is an easy sell. What could they learn to do? Consider this: Starting right here at the convention center, we can find the nearby aquarium, we can look at where we're sitting,
and then we can cruise up the coast to the big aquarium, the ocean, and California's four national marine sanctuaries, and the new network of state marine reserves that are beginning to protect and restore
some of the assets Looks like a beautiful piano sounding board on the inside. I say "music," but actually I mean "sound." From my teachers, my family and my community, I had all the necessary support to become
a musician. You don't have to be completely blind, only sufficiently impaired. So we've been working really, really hard, but we knew that the technology would not be as hard to develop as an attitude about
what's important, and how to apply the technology. You probably all have it, and if you haven't, you need to. There are problems of sewage overflow and contamination, but I would also argue that almost every
city has this exact condition, and it's a condition that we're all facing. So, there are four major watermarks all over 1,000 base pairs of genetic code. Play is the glue that binds us together. And I always
said that they were really tough on me. But by measuring the way that Europa interacts with the magnetic field of Jupiter, and looking at how those cracks in the ice that you can see there on that graphic
move around, we've inferred very strongly that there's an ocean of liquid surrounding the entire surface of Europa. It said, "Ears pierced while you wait." Here's another American design that came out of
Los Alamos, and is now commercial. So this is gallbladder surgery. These young future leaders are beginning to understand the real business of leadership, the real privilege of leadership, which is after
all to serve humanity. Metaphorical thinking is essential to how we understand ourselves and others, how we communicate, learn, discover and invent. I told you three things last year. It's almost as if they
can read but not write with new technologies. On the other hand, it also taught me where superstition gets me because I really had a terrible time in Hong Kong. This idea is particularly powerful for things
that have high-idling capacity. Look where my belief had brought me to. and the only input is a number, Turbo's never been fed. In the vaccine area, Synthetic Genomics and the Institute are forming a new vaccine
company because we think these tools can affect vaccines to diseases that haven't been possible to date, things where the viruses rapidly evolve, such with rhinovirus. This is a player-developed, self-enforcing,
voluntary currency, and it's incredibly sophisticated player behavior. Virtuoso Pamelia Kurstin performs and discusses her theremin, the not-just-for-sci-fi electronic instrument that is played without
being touched. Songs include "Autumn Leaves," "Lush Life" and David Mash’s "Listen, Words Are Gone." Now, I had tried to imagine what could possibly be in an animated TV commercial featuring Tom Arnold,
that would get you to get in your car, drive across town and buy a roast beef sandwich. It doesn't really care. And it doesn't just have to be addiction. But unconsciously, they're doing these quite complicated
calculations that will give them a conditional probability measure. And I'll show you the last picture. Now my own speciality is combining digital technology and magic. So the donors have to stick with this
situation for at least a decade. The power plant of tomorrow is no power plant. What happens in the after independence? They have hotlines and spreadsheets and data. Yes, it's uphill the entire way, because
the South Pole is at 10,000 feet, and you're starting at sea level. That material contained only natural signals. Now, a month into this project, we'd just started classes. What I'd like to talk about is
really the biggest problems in the world. Now, there's good news and bad news about this corruption. And each possible rule, in a sense, corresponds to a candidate universe. Never mind the fact that I was
14 -- they told me, "Write about being 14." Geologists have a pretty good idea of where the oil is. So I have branded myself as a war child. And something changes for Tony. And I will do that by trying to
predict precisely at what year the average income per person in India, in China, will reach that of the West. And so there's now a lot of different violent jihads all over the world. It's been around for
thousands of years. accessibility, in an easy manner, and also affordability, that regardless of the economic status that a person could have, that they could have the opportunity to afford this technology. And
that is, we think of every being as familiar, as family. Lower left is Day-of-the-Dead toys. Obviously, you can experience the fantasy of magic and control the world with your mind. And the stuff that is
in the yellow color, that is the ordinary kind of matter that's turned into stars and galaxies. And the particular display was built about six years ago, and when we moved from one room to another room,
a rather large person sat on it and it got destroyed. And you can probably think of many, many more in your own everyday lives. So that ability just to go for it and explore lots of things, even if they
don’t seem that different from each other, is actually something that kids do well, and it is a form of play. OK, I know it's not AIDS, I know it's not malaria, but we still need this stuff. Oh yeah, echo
-- this was just to get the children ready and the adults ready. Rusty Schweickart, who was an Apollo 9 astronaut, is on this. Dan Durda, my friend who made this image, works here at on Walnut Street. He
created this image for this, and he's actually one of the astronomers who works for them. If we see an asteroid that's going to hit the Earth and we have enough time, we can hit it to move it into a better
orbit. But then what we do is we launch a probe that has to weigh a ton or two. This is just another one of the modules. But yes, it's also true that the Internet has problems, very serious problems, problems
with security and problems with privacy. In fact -- and you know this -- this is called the Time Warner building. With two paychecks, or three paychecks, I could solve a lot of my family's problems. You can
get horns, antlers -- even, if you look close, cloven hooves. So, what if you could get your gas at a 10th the price? So what next? And to respectfully harmonize with them in order to foster a sustainable
work. Well, nothing would happen because I'm not a physicist; I don't understand string theory. It's just a lesion formed inside. but we should be able to get this guy to wake up too. You know, when you want
to forget, you don't want to see things, so you just want to go to your room, to lock yourself inside and say, "That's enough." In the past, before air conditioning, we had thick walls. Now, if she's a servant,
there is no way she could afford a pair of pearl earrings. That's a violin. When I counted penguins for the first time and tried to do a census, we just counted all the individual beaks that we could around
all these islands. You get books out of the machines, children's books. It can also mean the fibers that grow from a head. So there is a store in the U.S. called IKEA. Convincing people to do something --
take oral rehydration therapy, intercrop, whatever it might be -- is not an act of information: "Let's give them the data, and when they have data they'll do the right thing." So right now, the world can
produce about 350 million doses of flu vaccine for the three strains, and we can up that to about 1.2 billion doses if we want to target a single variant like swine flu. It's the increased order. There's
a pop-up general store every three weeks, and they do a fantastic job of making a very social event happening for foodies. And Pratham runs preschool play groups for, now, 21 million children in India. The
scientists must insure that the ice is not contaminated. But today I'm going to talk to you about something you can't see -- what's going on up in that little brain of hers. So, the bacteria grows hair on
the crab. Well, it's a technology for, first, salvation in its most basic sense. All right, so I go back from TED, and then the following week, I'm invited to a dinner party in Washington, D.C., where I
know that I'll be meeting a number of conservative intellectuals, including Yuval Levin, and to prepare for the meeting, I read this article by Levin in National Affairs called "Beyond the Welfare State." Notice
something interesting that this implies -- namely, that when people get to the future, they will change their minds. All of the staff were ex-police -- interesting -- and ex-probation officers. It sounds
really dumb, but that's what it is. It's incredibly difficult because it's highly inter-disciplinary. And then take photographs, and this is what the scene looked like at the time of the shooting from the
position of the teenagers looking at the car going by and shooting. "Surviving the Slammer: Do's and Don'ts." So I don't know, it started to become an interesting mix. The idea that we're going to chose our
children's genes, as we begin to understand what genes say about who we are. The first thing you do as a scientist is, you make sure stuff works. You can see that the arm is discolored, purplish in color. And
then they stopped, and the man turned to me "What are you looking for, flying saucers?" I don't think he was right. And if we look from the experiential point of view, there is a primary quality of consciousness
that's just the mere fact to be cognitive, to be aware. Because, ultimately, if we don't, then we're going to have boys who leave elementary school saying, "Well I guess that was just a place for girls.
It wasn't for me. It is so significant that, in my mind, this was an event that should have been celebrated with ticker tape parades in every city across the U.S. and Europe, and sadly, that wasn't the
case. We also deployed a couple of satellite tags, so we did use hi-tech stuff as well. Like many of you, I'm one of the lucky people. Three pieces of data is nothing. Edward Burtynsky photographs the landscape
of oil The systems are not there to reach the people. If that belief turns out to be mistaken, it will make a difference. For this family, he made this still-life painting. We're trying to heat up the space
that we're in, and all that is trying to get out through the window. So we like to see profits, plus positive social and environmental benefits, when we invest. Now this is a high-powered battery that we
grew in my lab. And there was something fundamental that they were missing. And so, art and science have a kind of dynamic balance, that's where I think innovation happens. These include massage, dancing
and praying. So this is a hamburger maker that you take the peanut butter and stuff and you put it in there, and it makes -- and this is a French fry maker, little, tiny food you can eat. So this is where
we need digital safety systems. What I fear most is power with impunity. Seriously -- give that one a hand, it's pretty great. But carbon dioxide is carbon dioxide. It's a Military Operations on Urbanized
Terrain site. And when you listen to some of the presentations here -- and the extraordinary range of human capability, our understandings -- and then you contrast it with the fact we still call this planet,
"Earth:" it’s pretty extraordinary -- Those are two students at King's College -- later Columbia University -- sitting on a hill, overlooking a valley. What's happening in genomics, and how this revolution
is about to change everything we know about the world, life, ourselves, and how we think about them. Autism is a very big continuum that goes from very severe -- the child remains non-verbal -- all the
way up to brilliant scientists and engineers. We're not doing that well when it comes to insurance. So if I squeeze the base, the bands go from base to tip. I think there's a better solution. but we end up
saying less because there's a gap between the mind and the tongue. So in order to tell you about that tension, I have to first admit to you that I'm a huge fan of the Founding Fathers. NASA's spending three
million dollars a year, three million bucks -- that is like pocket change -- to search for asteroids. She didn't recognize me -- there was no recognition whatsoever. And so I just kept doing this over and
over and over. "Jim, now it's time. You're the down, oh." The players are going to play through every generation of this species, and as you play the game the creature is actually growing bit by bit. In silence,
in meditation, in my inner space, in the me that remains when I gently put aside my passing emotions and ideas and preoccupations. And then the last thing I wanted to say, really, is to emphasize that the
idea generalizes. ES: Well, imagine that you have two gears of a watch, a big one and a small one. In other words, mind-wandering very likely seems to be an actual cause, and not merely a consequence, of
unhappiness. The high seas, where whales, tuna and dolphins travel -- the largest, least protected, ecosystem on Earth, filled with luminous creatures, living in dark waters that average two miles deep. Bao
Yongxiu: "My mother tells me to come home and get married, but if I marry now, before I have fully developed myself, I can only marry an ordinary worker, so I'm not in a rush." She saved 1,500 girls from
being cut. because any given move should require all your concentration and thought processes Now, I wanted to get the Science Times to document this. He was told that a cure did not exist. Those are strengths
in the system. This is an original page of a Guttenberg Bible. So, she wears the disk, and reads the data off the sectors of the disk, and the computer starts up; it sort of boots up, really. But when it
does happen, and these changes get transmitted down through the generations, they become markers of descent. Also, to standardize the pellets, the food rewards, and to semi-automate this in order to replicate
this on a much larger scale and affect the lives of many more people. First is the training, empowerment, and connection of defenders worldwide. And at night. That's when I realized, you know, cartoons are
really powerful, art comes with responsibility. the actual experience that we try to understand and organize through narrative, varies from place to place. Now, there's work to do. You know, it's one of the
biggest countries in the world, one of the smallest. And who knows? Somebody will license this technology and develop marketable products, Approximately one letter in a hundred will differ from a chimpanzee. So
the good news is that adding motivation doesn't seem to be so difficult. They're not as true as they could be. It wasn't Carlos Chaplain. It's wrong. And in parallel at that time, there was a very kind of
exclusive design club. That was a joke, actually, and I -- OK. This is not a drill. It's not just the cluelessness of YouTube engineers. I promise. And I'd like to share a 45 year-old love story living on
less than one dollar a day. And this is what we used to give to the company Image Metrics to create a rigged, digital version of Emily. RB: Yeah, it was really bad, but -- remember, especially when Haley
Joel Osment, the little robot, looked at the blue fairy for 2,000 years without taking his eyes off it? And I went through a mental exercise actually, because I started a patient support community of my
own on a website, and one of my friends, one of my relatives actually, said, "Look, Dave, who grew this thing? I don't know how much listening there is in this conversation, which is sadly very common,
especially in the U.K. A small mutation can take a two-wing fly and make it a four-wing fly. It is the poorest county in the state. Of course there were a few changes, but tools changed slower than skeletons
in those days. So I find myself asking: where is music in all of this? Cannery Row, at the time, had the biggest industrial canning operation on the west coast. So the first way that we did this. And a coordination
cost is essentially all of the financial or institutional difficulties in arranging group output. We should not treat other nations as we would not wish to be treated ourselves. Newton Aduaka: Thank you.
The first clip, really, is totally trying to capture what cinema is for me, and where I'm coming from in terms of cinema. My sister and I started this project in 2005 because in that year, at least in the
science press, there was a lot of talk about global warming, and the effect that global warming was having on coral reefs. And so texting actually is evidence of a balancing act that young people are using
today, not consciously, of course, but it's an expansion of their linguistic repertoire. But it's not really what is probably most efficient. Connectomes will mark a turning point in human history. I say,
"No, it's got to be 15 hours," and I swim another minute out and another minute back to make the 15 hours. Now we don't know exactly what a bee sees, any more than you know what I'm seeing when I call this
red. Real invention is happening in these labs. And I still kept -- so, in the last year I've been spending time with heads of state and generals and tribal chiefs who all want this, and I keep saying,
but this isn't the real thing. Wait, like, 20 years and then we'll be done. The thing that all the work has in common is that it challenges the assumptions about conventions of space. And they're always
talking about this stuff." said, "Dan, I have a fantastic new treatment for you." We see that play itself out with empathy and respect. Now a lot of people know that music is not always a solo activity --
sometimes it's done communicatively. The factor most responsible for that fire is breast density. One out of 10 Nine out of 10 either cannot save through their 401 plan, decide not to save -- or don't decide
-- or save too little. It's a clinic like a health clinic at any other university, except people come to the clinic with environmental health concerns, and they walk out with prescriptions for things they
can do to improve environmental health, as opposed to coming to a clinic with medical concerns and walking out with prescriptions for pharmaceuticals. And thirdly, I had access to all of the 1,000 pictures
that these soldiers took. I would say yes. It is obviously about not just about decorating the world, and making it look even better, or even worse, if you ask me. They'll be absolutely fine with the veterinarian
and with the horseshoer, but you can't ride him. I was adopted by the Bishop of the Episcopal Diocese during the riots, If they don't know, who are the people trying to influence the decision, how much clout
do they have, how much they care about this issue, and what do they say they want, are they experts? That's what it means to be an expert, that's the basic stuff an expert needs to know. But those shoes
came with round nylon laces, and I couldn't keep them tied. Recently, a wise media theorist Tweeted, "The 19th century culture was defined by the novel, the 20th century culture was defined by the cinema,
and the culture of the 21st century will be defined by the interface." And we will utilize all kinds of things -- have a dance and social media and visiting on Facebook and visit the website, sign the petition. This
is what makes it so amazing. Not because it's hard to make interesting mustard -- you can make interesting mustard -- but people don't because no one's obsessed with it, and thus no one tells their friends. There
are 15 or 20 cortical areas that are changed specifically when you learn a simple skill like this. But on the other hand, they want to keep the server in Beijing so they can access the data any time they
want. I'm talking about the topic of saving. Now how many times have we elected a political leader -- and sometimes we spend a lot of energy getting a new political leader elected -- and then we sit back
and we expect government to reflect our values and meet our needs, and then not that much changes? Probably because when we admit we can do something about it, we've got to do something about it. And I just
want you to think for a minute about what this entails. AK: A little slow, and it was just hard to work. You had to concentrate a whole lot. And there have been many, many, many studies that have shown that
BPA leaches from babies' bottles into the formula, into the milk, and therefore into the babies. A carcinogen is any substance or agent that causes abnormal growth of cells, which can also cause them to
metastasize or spread. He, by the way, was considered remedial at school because he was, in fact, dyslexic. Well, then you'd be screwed because you'd know what to wish for and you'd used up your wish. And
I learned how to slow my heart rate down. So when you put four. He takes basically everything. You want to be looking around. And that capacity to empathize is the window through which you reach out to people,
you do something that makes a difference in somebody's life -- You know. I need to say something. And these are all of his friends. He was not a political prisoner. And you can be secure even if you don't
feel it. In June, the World Health Organization declared the first global flu pandemic in 41 years. So what did he make of all this? It’s not an added sequence, just some voices from Nollywood. But as I began
working on this project, I began changing my mind. But what we don't understand is -- is, here we are in Los Angeles. I mean that simplicity sky. Instead, we find it very easy to think in very relative terms
as options change from one time to another. Would you like to try a more standard calculator, just in case? Tool use must have enhanced our survival, mating and so on. animals,biology,cancer,science But the
stage is crowded. We've started the first malaria treatment programs they've ever had there. And so what my team of researchers, what we wanted to do, is say, can we apply genetic and proteomic technology
to go after DNA and proteins, and from this can we get better taxonomic resolution to really understand what's going on? And the really amazing thing is, because there were so many students, it means that
even if a student posed a question at 3 o'clock in the morning, somewhere around the world, there would be somebody who was awake and working on the same problem. We talked about before the H and N spikes
on the surface of the flu virus. But on this particular occasion, it was very, very clear that as horny as Suki was, Jasmine was having none of it. The stars aligned, and she came back. So what does all of
this mean? They were used first by a Danish newspaper, which wanted to make a point on Islam. People are just going to take pictures now. He looks like he's resting peacefully, but in fact he's struggling
to stay alive because he can't regulate his own body temperature. And so to limit the danger of these new things, we have to limit, ultimately, the ability of individuals to have access, essentially, to
pandemic power. if we knew what the real costs were. So, I pinged Mike and I said, "Mike, can you please go get that interview with Pink?" which says, "We have no story to tell you." Now, we also do some pretty
amazing things with these phones. In fact, he had been convinced at one time that, to be a good physicist, that it was very important to have had that kind of relationship with your father. We are losing
our listening. E: Cock-a-doodle-doo! Linda, my wife, joked that it was like having six different marriage proposals. Then there is the whole northern India, which is going to be the bulk of the future demographic
dividend. There's no passing time with you, only collecting -- the collecting of moments with the hope for preservation and at the same time release. Impossible? I don't think so. We are certainly amazing,
and we regularly solve complex problems with amazing creativity. I am the happiest, the happiest person in the world. And many for Catholicism. And many for Islam. So then -- pshoo-shoo -- lightning -- pshoo
-- arrive -- pshoo-shoo -- makes life -- bloop bloop -- and that dies. And I was just moved. I was actually crying during his presentation. But you don't know what a sphere looks like. Now, of course, in
a mosh pit it's hard to specify a destination. They are things that describe beauty in a way that is often only accessible if you understand the language and the syntax of the person who studies the subject
in which truth and beauty is expressed. Africa,entertainment,film,global issues,politics who may not want me to show you this clip we're about to see. So our first challenge was to find these things, and
that was a challenge, indeed. So the robot then figures out what the features are. The point is there are all these new ideas out there. I said, "I'm gonna copy this." It had everything in it. Lawyers can
come at the police station. It was perfect. I woke up, they opened the door, I went out to get some fresh air, But I intend to move it up to one year per year as soon as possible. And your friendly Citibank
had 47 times. It was really more from the standpoint of what are the things that need to happen in order for the future to be an exciting and inspiring one? It's common among a privileged class capable of
paying numerous dowries and keeping multiple homes. And now comes the Spanish flu also. Then we use the information that's already in the lab report. In the beginning, there was compassion, and I mean not
just when human beings first showed up, but actually even before that. We're trying to end life without parole sentences for children. And then I would launch in. This is CBS Sunday Morning that aired about
two weeks ago. Secondly, making them interactive. They come in a lot of different shapes. It was as though time had stopped. It has remarkable features. They traveled all around Europe and sold by the hundreds
or by the thousands. The same thing happend. He was the first to topple during the Arab Spring. And so my research group at the Media Lab has been developing a series of inventions to give us access to this
information in a sort of easy way, without requiring that the user changes any of their behavior. And this is one way to do technology forecasting: get a sense of where technology is and then anticipate
the next upturn. The most immediate changes that we'll see are things like in medicine. CA: You know what? I love it that we have a global language. It's louder than noise at a range of a thousand kilometers. They're
going to be enthusiastic. And, as a consequence, the Western view of Africa's economic dilemma is framed wrongly. Lawyer: I'm a lawyer brand. And, you know, "Excuse me!" And I could sense that she thought
I was speaking synecdochically. It doesn't say how things are connected, what causes what and so on. And in the future, as we go forward, we will, of course, experience terrible things. I'm not connecting
to them. They saw that I was really interested in the environment, and they really wanted to help me along the way. business,economics,technology,work So, and you get all the disease-protective substances. He
knew, in Ireland, that his son would live, So that's an investigation of the negative imagination. It's ours, we have an abundance of it. There isn't a dog on this earth that's a natural creature. And I don't
know how many yards, after John Constable. It's so simple, so evocative. This is the way it ought to be. We saw earlier that HIV is highly variable, that a broad neutralizing antibody latches on and disables
multiple variations of the virus. So people would walking into the room and they'd almost ignore it, thinking it was some crap laying around. Then he took my fibula from my calf, cut it out and then relocated
it to my thigh, where it now lives. People must choose for themselves, sometimes sticking to their guns, regardless of what other people want or recommend. And then, this is like projects that are harder
to build. They would say, "What is this?" They were very enthusiastic. We opened up our talks to the world, and suddenly there are millions of people out there helping spread our speakers' ideas, and thereby
making it easier for us to recruit and motivate the next generation of speakers. And I hope there's someone in here from The Oxford English Dictionary, And this polar bear stands over the husky, MT: His great
idea was alternating current. Bringing people face to face with our objects is a way of bringing them face to face with people across time, across space, whose lives may have been very different to our
own, but who, like us, had hopes and dreams, frustrations and achievements in their lives. And I think this is a process that helps us better understand ourselves, helps us make better decisions about
where we're going. Most of us, maybe all of us, are here pretty happily for a bunch of days with a couple of bags, maybe a small space, a hotel room. It was a hippie journal of self-sufficiency. More on that
later. When you get older, it doesn't make any difference." But -- So I did believe on time. I believe starting on time, and I believe closing on time. I was, like, aha, wait a second. You can have a kind
of flexible screen or display, like this -- a regular configuration in two dimensions. So Chris was able to do his change -- he didn't have to log in or anything; he just went on the website and made a
change. But on the outside it does scream out at you a bit. And the price of electric miles ends up being a very interesting number. They had all kinds of things. Shots were combined, and I was just really
curious, I mean, what the hell were you looking at just a few minutes ago and how come, how'd you come up with this sort of description? When you take the logo off, you're opening up the interpretations
and making the work inconclusive, opposed to conclusive when you are advertising. And should they ever come in contact ... The Southern Poverty Law Center is often fighting the prison-industrial complex,
fighting to prevent a system that's just sucking in more and more poor young men. What that means is that each reading can be automatically transmitted to servers to be mapped in real time. Shy but ambitious
pig farmers, however, can purchase a -- this is true -- that hangs on the sperm feeder tube to vibrate. He built a system. That's a tough space to stand in. art,astronomy,science,space,technology We've cluttered
ourselves up with all this. And so that didn't work. Her boyfriend was with her. Everything is reliant on these computers working. And there's some basic innumeracy going on. And we should tread softly. Mars
has the largest volcano in the solar system, Olympus Mons. This shows you -- in areas with low malaria, medium malaria, high malaria -- what happens to the number of sexual partners as you increase HIV
prevalence. So you refer the patient to hip replacement therapy. So what is the intuitive, but incorrect assumption, that's kept us from understanding brains? Since this computer was made in conjunction with
the Office of Naval Research, why don't we switch down to the Pentagon in Washington and let the Navy's research chief, Admiral Bolster, give Whirlwind the workout? And that's not just in the far-away developing
world; that's everywhere. So we're seeing a great change in terms of diffusion of power. And you probably didn't realize it's going to do all these things -- but full of solenoids, and fiber optics, and
computers and all this kind of stuff. The highest resolution out of Japan. And I'm going to show you one or two of them. We also want to look for solutions. This is there for every child, and every child
can enjoy this. But you can see it. And as many of us think about that continent and think about what if means to us all in the 21st century, I have begun that looking through artists, through artworks,
and imagining what they can tell us about the future, what they tell us about our future, and what they create in their sense of offering us this great possibility of watching that continent emerge as
part of our bigger dialogue. The Bonobo's abilities have stunned scientists around the world. They're just a form of life, another form of life. But they're rather curious, and I say this out of affection
for them. And he wrote to the academicians in Paris, trying to explain his theory. 65 million years ago the dinosaurs had a bad day. Because that is the way to suppress the energetic phenomena that we see
in active galactic nuclei. Even the simplest animal we think of, something like an insect, and they have more neurons and connections than you can imagine. And in that time she created an alternative ritual
which involved girls coming of age without the cut. and they're noisy, so people shut them off. And all of it, then, all the galleries are underground, and you see the openings for the light. Frans de Waal:
Moral behavior in animals It's a great honor today to share with you The Digital Universe, which was created for humanity to really see where we are in the universe. You can't just take human thinking and
put it into a machine. It means: reduce your carbon dioxide emissions with the full range of choices that you make, and then purchase or acquire offsets for the remainder that you have not completely reduced.
And what it means is elaborated at climatecrisis.net. Okay, I spent 25 years, in my middle-age lungs now, breathing various concentrations of that. The first group of defenders came together and I still
remember, as I was training, I said, "Okay, what do you do for an investigation?" I'm tired of you having to come here, harassing us, while your children are sleeping peacefully in your homes. The strategies
that I have discussed this evening -- embracing dissent, taking experts on, democratizing expertise, rebellious strategies -- are strategies that I think would serve us all well to embrace as we try to
deal with the challenges of these very confusing, complex, difficult times. Laurie Santos: A monkey economy as irrational as ours It turns out that we can understand it. His land was no longer registered
in his name. But not all patients on the transplant wait list are so fortunate. Later, I grew up and went to Europe's galleries -- I was a university student -- and I thought this was really unfair. And Vint
Cerf points out that Sputnik led directly to ARPA, and the Internet, and, of course, NASA. But such a teacher is seldom found. It would start. It would stop. And I felt all this. We won't have succeeded unless
we take that next big step. they noticed that local people were taking the product, buying it in bulk and then reselling it in these hard-to-reach places. So, they're all floating around in solution, and
to look at them, you have to get them on a surface where they stick. And the technician's like, "Ma'am, you've got the mouse up against the screen?" What's hard in our decision-making is when these two rules
conflict. And this is an articulated bus, double-articulated. So humans are turning more towards animal consumption. And, before I go, I want to tell you a little story. We just spent an entire week talking
about innovations and advancements but you know why we need all of those innovations and advancements and improvements? no opportunity to say good-bye, no opportunity to take her to the chemotherapy, no
opportunity to help her pick out a wig. We've shared wine and food and other sorts of fabulous experiences in coffee bars in Amsterdam. Joseph and Christine, who run a pharmacy where they sell a number of
these condoms, said despite the fact that donor agencies provide them at low or no cost, and they have marketing campaigns that go along with them, their customers don't buy the branded versions. We figured
out how to put a vapor-compression distiller on this thing, with a counter-flow heat exchanger to take the waste heat, then using a little bit of the electricity control that process, and for 450 watts,
which is a little more than half of its waste heat, it will make 10 gallons an hour of distilled water from anything that comes into it to cool it. A lack of oxygen in the water. So these are some of the
pictures that, in fact, I used when I testified, but more importantly were, to me as a scientist, are those readings, the photometer readings, which I can then convert into actual predictions of the visual
capability of the human eye under those circumstances, and from my readings that I recorded at the scene under the same solar and lunar conditions at the same time, so on and so forth, right, I could predict
that there would be no reliable color perception, which is crucial for face recognition, and that there would be only scotopic vision, which means there would be very little resolution, what we call boundary
or edge detection, and that furthermore, because the eyes would have been totally dilated under this light, the depth of field, the distance at which you can focus and see details, would have been less
than 18 inches away. Sasa Vucinic invests in free press My name is Kailash. And I like to enrich lives through technicolored glass. Those of you who changed your mind in favor of "for" put your hands up. Mikko
Hypponen: Fighting viruses, defending the net In India, only 25 percent of rapes come to a police station, and of these 25 percent that come to a police station, convictions are only in four percent of
the cases. And there are other possibilities like "naturalist," and to finally extend that fundamental proposition that all men are created equal to every human being on the planet. Why not just, instead
of pushing left and right with a mouse or with a joypad, why not use your body just to lean on the chair -- again, relaxed? How do we measure changes in behavior in a meaningful way that's going to help
us with prevention of disease, early onset of disease, and tracking the progression of disease over a long period of time? You can hear the full frequency range. It's quite loud. And we can make those markers
glow. And it was what I was feeling. After energy production, livestock is the second-highest contributor to atmosphere-altering gases. And this study has been published on September 8, 2008, and it's available
on the government of India website. And remember, never ever swim with aggression. which is, "Why is it so hard to know what somebody else wants or believes?" There are billions of them. This is project called
Ray. Jonas Salk has a great quote. And then I do it. And by many definitions she is no longer poor. I lost my right arm, but I'm a lefty." Influence and status. So if I could inspire even a fraction of you in
the audience today to share this pioneering diagnostic approach with even one parent whose child is suffering from a developmental disorder, then perhaps one more puzzle in one more brain will be solved. So
for example, one of the things that we learn when we are dealing with being a percussion player, as opposed to a musician, is basically straightforward single stroke rolls. Like that. And then we get a
little faster and a little faster and a little faster. So the random group is in the red line. I accept where we are. Now, here's an example -- pre-Internet -- of this machine in action. And I love this one,
because it's also what we're about. They are unique. They are useful -- sometimes, often a long time after the fact. Let's talk about billions. One woman loses her head. And there's another pattern here as
well. Can you spot it? Jobs for whom? Especially jobs for young men. TC: My relationship to this concept of heart-to-heart connection, or mind-to-mind connection, is an interesting one, because, as a spiritual
leader, I'm always attempting to open my heart to others and offer myself up for heart-to-heart and mind-to-mind connections in a genuine way with other people, but at the same time, I've always been advised
that I need to emphasize intelligence over the heart-to-heart connections, because, being someone in a position like mine, if I don't rely primarily on intelligence, then something dangerous may happen
to me. Because while the last decade was the decade of social and the decade of where the framework in which we connect with other people was built, this next decade will be the decade where the game framework
is built, where the motivations that we use to actually influence behavior, and the framework in which that is constructed, is decided upon, and that's really important. It had 'Chad' written in magic marker
on it. and it's really encouraging. something like 25 years ago. And the box has two knobs. Family members had bribed officials to interrupt the hereditary transfer of land by having the brothers declared
dead, their father's share of the ancestral farmland. That's how we met. It's completely intuitive; there's no instruction manual. For me, the process is very important, because I'm inventing machines, but
I'm also inventing tools to make machines, and the whole thing is all sort of wrapped up from the beginning. Yet the officer in charge would not simply give her the permit for want of a bribe. Well that's
not what he was supposed to do with it. I like to do things big, and it meant one thing: there is a big gun treatment for pulmonary hypertension called Flolan, and it's not just a drug; it's a way of life. That's
not just how is the colony organized, but how does it change what it's doing? This is the children's museum in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, made out of completely inexpensive materials. And I started freaking
out, because I don't know what kind of crap my grandfather was into. I mean, YouTube is just a gold mine. You can't imagine how much detail we know about brains. In fact, the neocortex in the human brain
is evolving at an enormous speed. Those of you who grew up in India, do you remember in your childhood, dragonflies, swarms of dragonflies? Maybe at school, maybe tying little bits of string onto them? Jambo,
bonjour, zdravstvujtye, dayo: these are a few of the languages that I've spoken little bits of over the course of the last six weeks, as I've been to 17 countries I think I'm up to, on this crazy tour
I've been doing, checking out various aspects of the project that we're doing. and you get less herd behavior, No, that looked good, it was about two thirds of you. And the other thing is that people are
simply not as scared of HIV as they were of AIDS, and rightly so. Teenagers do not wear wristwatches. Where is the soldier in each son? In that year, what I did do a lot was look at all sorts of surveys,
looking at a lot of data on this subject. And this switch is flicked in their heads when they walk through those 18 feet of this bizarre store, right? Well, my name of my company, Joie de Vivre -- so I started
getting these letters from places like Alabama and Orange County saying to me that they were going to boycott my company because they thought we were a French company. ♫ Feminists don't have a sense of
humor. ♫ ♫ Feminists just want to be alone -- boo hoo, hoo, hoo. ♫ ♫ Feminists spread vicious lies and rumors. ♫ ♫ They have a tumor on their funny bone. ♫ ♫ They say child molestation isn't funny -- ha,
ha, ha, ha. ♫ ♫ Rape and degradation's just a crime -- lighten up, ladies. ♫ ♫ Rampant prostitution's sex for money -- what’s wrong with that? ♫ ♫ Can't these chicks do anything but whine? ♫ ♫ Dance break!
Da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da. ♫ ♫ Da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da. ♫ ♫ Woo-hoo! ♫ ♫ Da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da -- ♫ ♫ yeah, take it off. ♫ ♫ Da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, dum. ♫ ♫ They
say cheap objectification isn’t witty -- it’s hot! ♫ ♫ Equal work and wages worth the fight -- ♫ ♫ sing us a new one. ♫ ♫ On-demand abortion every city -- OK, but no gun control. ♫ ♫ Won’t these women
ever get a life? ♫ ♫ Feminists don’t have a sense of humor -- poor Hillary. ♫ ♫ Feminists and vegetarians -- make mine a Big Mac. ♫ ♫ Feminists spread vicious lies and rumors. ♫ ♫ They're far too sensitive
to ever be a ham, ♫ ♫ that's why these feminists just need to find a man. ♫ ♫ Da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da. ♫ I’m Dennis Kucinich and I approved this message. I'll show you how. They've also discovered
that there's a heck of a lot of activity going on producing aroma as well. The twist is that one player, on the left, is informed about how much on each trial there is. And we discovered that we didn't have
to invent it, it already existed in the form of a comic book. It's around us all the time. Here's my little pocket map of where it's all located. So below the ice, there's an ocean of liquid around the whole
moon. So, is it poverty? Development institutions today are also opening for public scrutiny the projects they finance. "Look what they've been hiding from you," he said. So we still have quite a lot of work
to do in terms of unknowns. New Yorker cartoonist Liza Donnelly shares a portfolio of her wise and funny cartoons about modern life -- and talks about how humor can empower women to change the rules. And
what I was trying to do there was direct your eye in the space, so that you would perceive the geometry in a different way, and that the casework wouldn't break up the space. So we thought that maybe it
could be interesting to focus on examples where a sustainable city actually increases the quality of life. I mean global warming certainly is a massive threat to mankind and we are putting a lot of time
and energy into, A, trying to come up with alternative fuels and, B, you know, we just launched this prize, which is really a prize in case we don't get an answer on alternative fuels, in case we don't
actually manage to get the carbon emissions cut down quickly, and in case we go through the tipping point. We need to try to encourage people to come up with a way of extracting carbon out of the Earth's
atmosphere. Increasingly now the policies of taxation and infrastructure and all that, And I think to tackle it, we need to combine psychology, marketing, art, we've seen that. that of all the Americans who
have tattoos, 17 percent of us regret getting them. We can increase it a bit at the expense of rainforests, but there's a limitation very soon. But when the scenario we have imagined suddenly flips into
something entirely unexpected, The same thing happens when people watch magic tricks. KBI: I'm just telling her to make sure she places it well so that it won't affect my face -- the explosion, you know. In
that transition space you're mostly hat not enough cattle. What we need to do is to use our ingenuity and our scientific knowledge to try to design a new generation of treatments that are targeted to specific
neurons and specific regions of the brain that are affected in particular psychiatric disorders. Before, I was an architect, and my grandmother asked me once, "What are you doing for a living?" We all know
Mubarak is technically dead. They take that information inside, and they decide what tasks to carry out depending on who's in the minority and who's in the majority of any given population. I am asking us
to balance the idea of our complete vulnerability with the complete notion of transformation of what is possible. It's getting closer and closer, and in 20 ... whatever year it will be when our detectors
are finally at advanced sensitivity -- we'll build them, we'll turn on the machines and, bang, we'll catch it -- the first song from space. Originally I tried to do the words "figure" and "ground." And it's
not the look of horror and terror on Fraser's face that stops Idris or us; it's the look in Fraser's eyes. So he asked us if we could actually imagine an urban master plan on an island outside the capital
that would recreate the silhouette of the seven most significant mountains of Azerbaijan. So, now I will demonstrate different ways of memorizing, control cards and so on. 10 years ago, Dr. Palti founded
a company called Novocure to develop his discovery into a practical therapy for patients. An early coastal migration along the south coast of Asia, leaving Africa around 60,000 years ago, reaching Australia
very rapidly, by 50,000 years ago. but what happened was that Madagascar went through a violent coup. And just because of someone's hunch, I wasn't going to give it up. At TEDxTelAviv, Shimon Steinberg looks
at the difference between pests and bugs -- and makes the case for using good bugs to fight bad bugs, avoiding chemicals in our quest for perfect produce. This can support seasonal farmers around metro
areas who are losing out because they really can't meet the year-round demand for produce. And now, using a joystick, they can send this creature around the lab and control whether it goes left or right,
forwards or backwards. Being someone who had had a very difficult childhood, a very difficult adolescence -- it had to do with not quite poverty but close. So that's the new me. Well, the heart beats, rhythmically,
tirelessly, faithfully. So, 10 times more bacterial cells than human cells on a human being. Today it's $10,000. Next year it's $1,000. Now, when you go through a similar analysis for every way we use oil,
including buildings, industry, feedstocks and so on, And those people very often -- and you know some of them, I'm sure -- end up the rest of their life with all this love, education, money and background,
spending their life going in and out of rehab. And then you meet people that have been through ultimate pain -- psychologically, sexually, spiritually, emotionally abused -- and not always, but often,
they become some of the people that contribute the most to society. Fantastic tales, anecdotes from speakers. So, I spoke to a botanist at the Pretoria Botanical Garden, who explained that certain species
of trees have adapted to this region. twice, I went with NASA doing remote sensing devices. What kinds of questions do we think design thinking could be used to tackle? That looks like this. I feels like you've
got a man standing behind you with a hammer just hitting your head all the time. Internet,business,technology More boring, but you still have that kind of colliding and bumping. So the Ear Bender literally
puts something out there so someone can grab your ear and say what they have to say. It certainly is. But those environments are going to be widely spaced in this universe. So we're thrilled. But market to
these people because they care. So if I were to ask you, "Which is China and which is India, and which country has grown faster?" "Well, how many words do I get this time?" "I think, well, you get two. At
age three, if you have a still-growing brain, it's a human behavior. And I see the power of music. They said, "Al Qaeda could be listening." And after about three months, the nerves grew in a little bit and
we could get a twitch. Truth, curiosity, diversity, no selling, no corporate bullshit, Just the pursuit of interest, wherever it lies, across all the disciplines that are represented here. Why? It became
a question my entire life, and that's all right, because being good at math meant he bought me a computer, and some of you remember this computer, this was my first computer. And what is the definition
then? "The definition? BG: I see. Maybe come back here. I often wonder when I make a film -- I'm thinking of making a film of the Buddha -- and I often wonder: If Buddha had all the elements that are given
to a director -- if he had music, if he had visuals, if he had a video camera -- would we get Buddhism better? Coming back to the most important question, "Is there anybody out there?" But if I'm going to
continue doing these adventures, there has to be a reason for me to do them beyond just getting there. It's seen as moving in great, unhurried circles. And I did a dive down to 160 feet, which is basically
the height of a 16 story building, and as I was coming up, I blacked out underwater, which is really dangerous; that's how you drown. And that means that the artistic director now has a palette that he
or she can choose from between a series of forms and a series of processions, because that enclosure around the theater that is normally trapped with front-of-house and back-of-house spaces has been liberated. And
the brain then senses that there's an out-of-body experience. Right from loneliness to filling potholes in the street to alcoholism, and 32 children who stopped 16 child marriages I mean, it was incredible. Unfortunately,
it turned out, that many of these trials were withheld. Because it is in this context that we see a battle over how easy or hard it will be for the industrial information economy to simply go on as it goes,
or for the new model of production to begin to develop alongside that industrial model, and change the way we begin to see the world and report what it is that we see. Somebody once said, Al Qaeda does
not have a return address, so if they attack us with a nuclear weapon, what's the response, and to whom is the response? I was also an early writer, and when I began to write, at about the age of seven,
stories in pencil with crayon illustrations that my poor mother was obligated to read, I wrote exactly the kinds of stories I was reading: All my characters were white and blue-eyed, they played in the
snow, they ate apples, and they talked a lot about the weather, that the sun had come out. We can start making better, wiser, more sustainable decisions. I was six years old when I first heard stories about
the poor. And I’m thanking you, and I'm thanking my family because they had come to hear me speak. There may be some carbon in your breath from the dinosaurs. It's semantic representation of comment, content,
and what you can really think of XML in this case, is it's the packaging that we're putting around these pages. The human part of this branch, way out on one end, is, of course, the one that we are most
interested in. On the other hand, we see great signs of hope. We believe that the stakes are high, but that the returns will be even greater. That's what IBM does in software services, and they've done reasonably
well. This is what that sounded like. Later, I understood why my father got so upset. The commitment is there. Those females are passing the PCBs in the fat of their own mother's milk into their offspring, And
when they're gone the natural environment starts to come back very rapidly. We build on that and we take people, hopefully, to the operating room where they learn to be an assistant. and then I think, "OK,
well maybe we can have it snow, or we can have a thunderstorm," It's also very difficult to confront a general with medals on his chest. And I was looking for a form that didn't have that. Already ethnic
Chinese people in Malaysia, Thailand and Indonesia are the real key factors and drivers in the economies there. And if we have another eight billion or seven billion, or six billion, even, people, living
on a planet where their cities also steal the future, we're going to run out of future really fast. Boy: Arguing with you is a waste of time, Marcus. Hence the phrase, "tooth fairy agnostic." I'm going to
answer that question. As for me, I'd have to wait until I got home to really feel my heartbreak. How big are the clusters? How far do they reach? This was 1977, 1988, 1992, '97 and 2002. And we called it a
studio school to go back to the original idea of a studio in the Renaissance where work and learning are integrated. Everything was working perfectly, until one day he said he wanted to discuss our relationship. MA:
Well I think one of the things -- I'm chairman of the board of an organization called the National Democratic Institute that works to support women candidates. Well, we were confined though, limited, I
should rather say, for several reasons that it's not worth explaining, to endoscopy only, of the many other options we had, and with a 4mm camera attached to it, we were successful in documenting and taking
some fragments of what it turns out to be a reddish color, black color, and there is some beige fragments that later on we ran a much more sophisticated exams, XRF, X-ray diffraction, and the results are
very positive so far. It seems to indicate that indeed we have found some pigments, and since we know for sure that no other artist has painted on that wall before Vasari came in about 60 years later,
well, those pigments are therefore firmly related to mural painting and most likely to Leonardo. So we imagine that we would actually potentially even host a bake sale to start our new project. Here was
some lawyer or money manager who, for the rest of his life, gets to tell people that he went into a burning building to save a living creature, just because he beat me by five seconds. And to say that for
me, the next stage of building this platform that now enables us to move forward -- and we mustn't make light of it. And we set this up as a live globe in the Museum of Modern Art in New York for the Design
the Elastic Mind exhibition. Because there were images in it he said were licentious. But it also contains warnings. DK: And of course: a hammock for your afternoon nap that stretches across your cubicle. Physical
activity becomes very difficult for people with this condition, and usually after two to five years, you die. We've registered released animals mating in nature and having chicks. and then you wait, and,
lo and behold, out pops a little baby dinosaur. Which is used actually to identify chemical elements in a cool matter, which is absorbing exactly at those frequencies. due process, special education, no
child left behind, zero tolerance, work rules ... But we pay for school. But knowing that nobody would ever watch that made him quite depressed. At the time, we knew that it was political. I'll never forget
that one girl looked in her father's eyes with that camera and said, "Daddy, when you look at me, what do you see?" Because our daddies are our mirrors that we reflect back on when we decide about what
type of man we deserve, and how they see us for the rest of our lives. And this is -- you can see -- this is a flapping bird. Irreverence starts to rise. Animals might love to play, but they don't love to
watch. But all the schools are solar-lit. And very quickly, my brain starts to think that's the accurate ratio of negative to positive in the world. I can't wait to tell people this. Well they exist in the
Republic of Kiribati, and Kiribati is located in the Central Pacific in three island groups. Redwoods grow very slowly in their tops. This is really a business venture, one that addresses a very challenging
segment of the market. Couple of kilos more for the wing spars. Let me mention just one that we did with Tumar Kushner, my student. So these are sales teams in Belgium. They're a form of entertainment, This
here is a bug in my genome that I have struggled with for a long, long time. The next stage introduces entities that are significantly more fragile, significantly more vulnerable, but they're also much
more creative and much more capable of generating further complexity. So, playing with fire. And feet in the water will develop fungus, infections, We see it either as sound, or we see it as video, or we
see it as photographs, or we see it as chemical sensors, but we never have yet put it all together into one interesting picture. So the truth in general is that the kinds of controversies that you would
probably think we have within the Wikipedia community are not really controversies at all. The drugs policy which we've had in place for 40 years is long overdue for a very serious rethink, in my opinion. It
would be just too depressing. And he said "If you go to MIT," to which I had been given early admission, "I will pay for every year you're at MIT, in graduate or undergraduate -- as much as you want --
I will pay for an equal number of years for you to live in Paris." And I thought that was the best deal in town, so I accepted it immediately. Silas usually has a better touch with his choice of quotations. But
I -- I also appreciate the diversity that you have here. And I'm intensely grateful for the opportunity to speak to you today. In the early 19th century, church attendance in Western Europe started sliding
down very, very sharply, and people panicked. I was at the University of Chicago, in my third year, and I was in my third year because the University of Chicago let you in after two years of high school. As
Chris said, I grew up in Nigeria with a whole generation -- in the '80s -- of students who were protesting a military dictatorship, which has finally ended. It shows you these cells that process information. You
know, if you're working with a pathogen, you're not part of the biohacker community, you're part of the bioterrorist community, I'm sorry. For the ancient Egyptians the lap was a platform upon which to
place the earthly possessions of the dead -- 30 cubits from foot to knee. I don't know how you feel, but I like to cook for entertainment. We've talked about the soil erosion. But China also has a great firewall. And
the fish also were happy to be there. And here you can see this lady in action on your left-hand side -- just pierces, sucks the body fluids on the left-hand side of the pest mite. So this allows us now
to begin to start functioning as a single organism. Why should they put more money into your company, if you're not passionate about it? There are about five or six accents in this country as I speak. YAB:
Luc Besson is the producer of the movie. As I watched the wind's choreography unfold, I felt sheltered and, at the same time, connected to limitless sky. But at the same time, there will be periods when
I think is all that really hard work really worth my while? And it's also just getting to the essential of things. I would like to end with this thought: That when we reject the single story, when we realize
that there is never a single story about any place, we regain a kind of paradise. I don't have much time to do it. That was just 10,000 years ago. Hitler had two of them, and he didn't have any. I could do
that again if you want it. Now, I put the laser here, now, when I deal the cards in the laser, I know where they are but -- yes? Because we think that because we are kind of tired of what we do, a little
bit tired, we do suffer. I want you to watch closely. And I'd want one that could pass and would pass. Even if it takes me four and a half hours, or three and half hours to finish my book, I do it. I wanted
to build airplanes. So one of the problems with these small robots is their payload carrying capacity. So you might want to have multiple robots carry payloads. Now, you’re not as thick as two short planks,
but you sound like it when you say "Earth," because that demonstration, if I turned around this way -- that earth plane would be as thin as paper. But there's another way, and I'll leave you with this. Many
years later, when I was working with the director Peter Brook in "The Mahabharata" playing this feisty feminine feminist called Draupadi, I had similar experiences. Technology will bring you out of poverty,
but there's a need for a market to get away from poverty. That doesn't do a lot of good. The purpose was to make a crater to excavate the material and see what was underneath the surface of this comet, which
we learned quite a bit about. I should add a tragic postscript to this -- It's the females, I think, that lay the eggs, I've been to a place that was a pretty trashed bay. I mean, these covers appeared all
over the world, and they started winning awards, and people knew them. You have places you cannot go, thoughts you cannot think, worlds that you can no longer inhabit. for power that, generally speaking,
is used within a few inches or a few feet of where there is very inexpensive power. They were two lifetimes of the same hero. This is a radio frequency ID system. And when the tides of waste matter come in
it sounds as if a whole storm is approaching you. But look, I can prove to you that they're straight because I can take any one of these lines, and I can fold along it. The stories we tell ourselves about
our own lives matter. And I've got to tell you, what I found out in the world in four different continents, was depressingly familiar. They tend to be web thinkers. Well, in part, because health care in the
developed world, the health care costs in the [developed] world, are rapidly spiraling out of control, and a huge chunk of those costs are human resource costs. So if you trust them, their brains don't
release oxytocin. Our enemy is thoughtlessness. This is philosophy." We can handle more categories than we can handle choices. These are called motor command neurons that have been known for a long time. Now
what this thing does is it intercepts the input values from sensors -- so for example, from pressure sensors and vibration sensors -- and it provides legitimate program code, which is still running during
the attack, with fake input data. What they said to us at first was, you know, we already do biomimicry. The gentleman who commissioned me to do this was a gentleman called Peter Huf. It's going to look a
little bit like that. Isn't it ironic that at the very moment we are building intelligent machines, perhaps the most important invention in human history, some people are arguing that innovation is stagnating? And
I remember it as a true moment of happiness. A mammalian fetus, if it loses a limb during the first trimester of pregnancy, will re-grow that limb. It was built by the grandest Sun King, of the grandest
city-state, of the grandest civilization of the Americas, the Mayas. Casual speech is something quite different. Why are we embedded in social networks? OK. Now, the third theory is that -- well, let's ask
ourselves what's really going on in synesthesia. All right? Yes, it's possible to do that. It's about bringing nature to the inside. Now, I think this future will be quite surprising to many people. We're
approaching the levels of indebtedness we had at World War II, and the baby boomers haven't even retired yet, and when they do, this is what will happen. By cultural evolution we mean the evolution of ideas. Sign
the paper, or no food for your tribe. It's actually part of a very long story, a great story, that began billions of years ago. In particular, what can all of us do? For those of you who are interested in
these choices, there are lots of things you can do. There's a lot that we don't understand, and that we need to understand. And there's a lot that we already do understand, but aren't doing, and that we
need to be doing. Thank you. Such is the power of self-study. She could also read the serial numbers on bills when they were placed, face down, on a hard surface. Africa,creativity,energy,invention,poverty And
since I started talking about this subject and researching this subject, I've been really haunted by something a Japanese mathematician said on the subject. And then the second step is to say, "The situation
is admittedly dangerous, but only for a short time." And we re-inflated all of the balloons, put them up on a string, and hung them up there among the prayer flags. Pretty straightforward really. Chauvet
caves are about 32,000 years old, along with a few small, realistic sculptures of women and animals from the same period. My parents named me Sarah, which is a biblical name. And if you appreciate that number,
you can easily see there is huge potential for mis-wiring of the brain. "You don't like my interpretation? And play a little banjo. Let's do a little medley. Now these two ideas are connected more than you
may realize, because when you remove the fear of failure, impossible things suddenly become possible. So, in a sense, the 18 minutes is challenging me to say, "In life, this is what's important in terms
of compassion." But, something else as well: is an old, elevated rail line that runs for a mile and a half right through Manhattan. We'd need the right partner. And I thought that really -- I thought that
would really work, to give that another shot. Other than writing a check, what could we do? The patrollers become foragers. You're getting in a lot less information than you think. Despite that, these animals
grow back in about a year's time. And I decided that I was going to go to school. So I did. The global news is even better. But it's so heartening to be in a group like this, in which so many of you have
turned your lives to philanthropy. I could have told them that. Didn't you feel any pity for your victims? These were very intimate murders -- he strangled his victims. You take a position like that. Our studies
have found that there is a 42 percent probability of one's blood oxygen going up by one percent if one stays indoors in this building for 10 hours. But let me make the story a little bit more concrete for
you. And how much will they pay for this? My mind works like Google for images. The first is: Take core positions with your client. And I'm an academic, so I put audiences to sleep for free. There are thousands
of these kinds of maps that are displayed in atlases all over the world. animals,brain,design,education,invention,science,technology My picture appears on the front of the CD -- -- but the conductor doesn't
make a sound. So let me give you a few striking examples of this. So sleep is about sleep phases, or stages -- some people call them different things. DJ: And of course, one of the rules that we have in the
vehicle is that he who drowns the vehicle gets to swim with the crocodiles. It has many benefits. If you need more resource, you just apply more computer. After having spent more than a decade understanding,
studying, and trying to convince policymakers and donors about what was wrong with Africa's agricultural markets, I decided it was time to do something about it. So, I'd like to tell you something about
the story of these extra dimensions. But since that happened, they own those desks. You know, you can feel it when you're just driving along in your car. Keyloggers silently sit on your computer, hidden from
view, and they record everything you type. He should be friendly and cute. Most African stories these days, they talk about famine, HIV and AIDS, poverty or war. one of the things that is very important to
me is to try and figure out what on Earth am I here for. And this device makes it possible for her to take samples from a larger number of palms, rather than only a few, because otherwise she had to make
a big platform and then climb her [unclear] would climb on that. As you age from infant age, your vision gets better, and maybe in your late teens, early twenties, you're looking for a mate, and your vision
goes after that. We did estimates in our study that for countries like Brazil, India and Indonesia, even though ecosystem services -- these benefits that flow from nature to humanity for free -- they're
not very big in percentage terms of GDP -- two, four, eight, 10, 15 percent -- but in these countries, if we measure how much they're worth to the poor, the answers are more like 45 percent, 75 percent,
90 percent. I mean, you know, Ben and Jerry's doesn't have liver-and-onion ice cream, and it's not because they whipped some up, tried it and went, "Yuck." PM: Okay, those head shakes are much easier to
spot once you know to look for them. Well, amazingly, for once, our world leaders actually lived up to that millennium moment and back in 2000 agreed to some pretty extraordinary stuff: visionary, measurable,
long-term targets called the Millennium Development Goals. But in fact, I would argue that we've just done an experiment here and now, which shows us that the global need for corrective eyewear is around
half of any population. But if this can happen in Tasmanian devils, why hasn't it happened in other animals or even humans? We can do it! One sister who makes other people's wishes come true. It's human nature. Now
we've switched to critical mass. And so I made a counter-proposal: I said, "No building." There was a cave on the site; we tunnel into the hill, descend through the rock into an underground chamber. We're
at the very beginning of something that, what we're seeing and the way that mesh companies are coming forward, is inviting, it's engaging, but it's very early. That led to a whole series of other campaigns
in Japan, This is a smaller one, and I have a little moving torso on there. So there it is, 50 years later, sitting there -- sort of suspended animation. And, I want to show you a few of the guppies we've
found over the years. Then you've wasted 200 billion dollars in unnecessary tests. We all know. For those of you who are retailers, you may want to look away before I show this slide. I hope it's not the curb
cut between the Chuck E. Cheese and the Target store because that's not good enough for Americans to be spilling their blood for. So now I'm not specifying a single ratio anymore to fold it, but instead
I'm establishing a rule, I'm establishing a link between a property of a surface and how that surface is folded. The best image I know of this is from 650 years ago. I think everybody understands what that
means. And then the last thing on the list there, ocean acidification -- if you were to ask me, you know, "What do you worry about the most? But what I'm saying from my very practical experience: If civil
society does it right and joins the other actors -- in particular, governments, governments and their international institutions, but also large international actors, in particular those which have committed
themselves to corporate social responsibility -- then in this magical triangle between civil society, government and private sector, there is a tremendous chance for all of us to create a better world. So
we get inside the Pantheon and it grows and so on and so forth. We’ve been just feet apart. I’m going back down now." Okay, can we cut that? Lights back up please. And I want all of you to imagine a little
girl holding a dead blue spinach plant. Viktor Frankl was a German psychiatrist who'd spent five years in a Nazi concentration camp. It turns out when a baby's born now, they put an RFID bracelet on the
baby, put a corresponding one on the mother, so if anyone other than the mother takes the baby out of the maternity ward, an alarm goes off. And adult stem cells are found in you and me -- in our blood,
in our bone marrow, in our fat, our skin and other organs. Once you're in orbit, you are two thirds of the way, energetically, to anywhere -- the moon, to Mars. And today, there's only three vehicles --
the U.S. shuttle, the Russian Soyuz and the Chinese vehicle -- that gets you there. Then the director asked me, why do you ask all these questions? Now, Evan is new to this system, so what we have to do
first is create a new profile for him. But now we have these amazing, futuristic composites -- plastics that change shape, paints that conduct electricity, pigments that change color, fabrics that light
up. He said, "No, no. I'm not paying you to go through the trash. Get back to work." And the Queen of Sweden, who's there, turned to me and said, "Can you ask this child where she got her confidence from? People
said, you know, you really ought to have this in Indian languages. No one person, no one alliance, no one nation, no one of us is as smart as all of us thinking together. have him come to my home, get to
know him, do psychological analysis to see, was he a good apple or bad apple. And that is, the secret of the Council of Dads, is that my wife and I did this in an attempt to help our daughters, but it really
changed us. That's not a bad rule of thumb, except when it is. other than I'm trying to focus on that eight million 18-wheelers. No buttons to push, no triggers to pull, just me and the game. The first is,
it's essential for us to understand the human brain if we do want to get along in society, and I think that it is a key step in evolution. That's the order of the day here. But ultimately you're going to
civilianize it, probably two thirds. I can't show you all the beautiful pictures that we've taken in the last two and a half years, because I simply don't have the time. You'll eat mush for the rest of your
life. but there's no cash. Durga, the mother goddess, the fearless one, created by the pantheon of Hindu gods. And deep beneath those oceans, at cracks in the Earth's crust, you've got heat seeping up from
inside the Earth, and you've got a great diversity of elements. Seventy-five thousand people have Parkinson's deep-brain stimulators implanted. We all have an internal narrative that's our own inner story. We
even ruled out the idea of using makeup. On the day of her graduation, she said, "I am the luckiest girl alive because of a goat." So on one day, all 350 of our great employees lost their jobs because they
were labeled overhead. This is not trivial. And on the branches you have library material growing. Probably the best part of it is what's coming down the pike in health. So how can we do that? It's a group
of prop crazies just like me called the Replica Props Forum, and it's people who trade, make and travel in information about movie props. It is probably one of the most dramatic shifts in globalization
and one of the most powerful economic tools that we're seeing in our world today. and I can assure you, nowadays you can't see the joint. Here's another case, a knifing. They had a leader board, where, if
you recommended the best stories, you would get points. But then if you lose one of those second set of teeth, they don't regrow, unless, if you're a lawyer. And we invited everybody, and no press showed
up. Today's professional theater community is defined, not only the Shaw and Stratford Festivals, but by the Cornerstone Theater of Los Angeles -- a collective of artists that after 9/11, brought together
10 different religious communities -- the Bahia, the Catholic, the Muslim, the Jewish, even the Native American and the gay and lesbian communities of faith, helping them create their own individual plays
and one massive play, where they explored the differences in their faith and found commonality as an important first step toward cross-community healing. And one of the first, or the easiest, places we
can go and explore that is to go towards Mars. I said, "Oh, you don't?" I said, "Let me make this clear again. They enabled us to to build things that were larger than us, buildings, bridges, one brick at
a time. And I said, "Well, Men, through their penis, they fertilize the eggs by the sperm coming out. And the same thing's going on over here. None in China. There are now 250,000 registered with the government,
probably twice again that many who are not registered for political reasons. I mean, I had to check the tags and make sure. And I think that's really what architecture is based on. We can continue the search
for the ingredients we love, and we can continue to spin yarns about our favorite meals. Now I'd argue that that is as absurd as stating that 30 minutes of copulation is the creative act, and nine months
of gestation, and, God forbid, 24 hours of child labor is merely execution. And we're not going to see this change in this system anytime soon. I can't see, and I need help." We work to promote healthy vibrant
societies, to ameliorate human suffering, to promote a more thoughtful, substantive, empathic world order. And these troops that we brought in -- it's a great picture of David Beckham there on the sub-machine
gun -- made the situation worse, not better. So we start to envy them. We are always, constantly playing the zero sum game. This to me, in its own strange way, is very, very comforting. What if the bombs are
just simply wake-up calls for us? They take all the parallel incoming rays and focus it to a single spot. Jeff Han: Multi-touch sensing isn't anything -- isn't completely new. I mean, people like Bill Buxton
have been playing around with it in the '80s. When we didn't search, we had the illusion that there was no disease. And the reason he would do that kind of thing is because he understood it feels so much
better to stand there and say, "Here in my own little world, I am a god, I understand everything. They can talk -- they're very smooth, and they can write very, very well, but asking them to communicate
ideas in a different way was a little uncomfortable for them. Paradoxically, once established, natural selection actually favors the continued growth of cancer. If you're interested, worldaftermidnight.com,
you'll find out more, but I've applied them to myself for over a decade, and I'm still here, and I still have my house, and the most important thing is, I hope I've done enough to inject a little green
ink into your lives, so that when you go away and you're making your next absolutely sensible and rational decision, you'll take some time to think, "Hmm, I wonder whether this also makes sense in our
new world after midnight." Thank you very much. As we started to look at this information, we would see that about 20 percent of the genetic information in your nose doesn't match anything that we've ever
seen before -- no plant, animal, fungus, virus or bacteria. But other days I am the one who is lifted up by the ribs then lowered into the dining room of a dollhouse to sit with the others at the long table. What's
your name? one step, 90 percent yield, you know, and you get this lovely crystalline compound. Let us try it. If it's using landmarks, it will find its home. He has her wear very plain clothes. Because he's
Pygmy, he knows how to track elephants in the forest. And I thought the secret of the site was to make the building of the river, part of the river. There's a fourth rule: when a predator's coming, get out
of the way. And the shutter speed of the camera actually makes it slightly less effective in this case. That's about 10 percent of our global needs and 100 percent of some island nations. Actually, I need
to update that. There's one now. I love the Brooklyn Dodgers, as you do, but I promise you some day they will win fairly and squarely. Basically, what they're doing is looking at biology as a programmable
system. And I said, "This can't happen. It's amazing. Smart simply means you're ready to learn. One point three million eggs per square meter inside the marine reserve where these snails are very abundant. not
only in English, but in all other languages -- So there it is, I've said it again. And this exists in larger installations where there are thousands and thousands of eyes that people could be staring at,
as you see who's looking at the people looking at the people looking before them. Then you meet Luke Skywalker. He gets the Droid, you see the holographic image. I think this is the big mistake. I'd like
to call it the lost art of productively losing control. So his algorithm tells the robot what part to pick up, when and where to place it. You're married to a guy and he picks his nose? Yeah, he has a heart
of gold; don't touch the fruitcake. Right? You sell it at a supermarket. It's really cute. There is some modeling of ecosystems going on now. It seemed to open up new perspectives, and therein lay the paradigm
shift. brain,cognitive science,exploration,neuroscience,science After you've created your program, you can click on "share," and then share your project with other people, so that they can use the project
and start working on the project as well. and they get it connected together, As long as you inform your children about other religions, then you may -- and as early as you like and whatever you like --
teach them whatever creed you want them to learn. How do you take that time you have left and go after it? Now I'm going to step back in history. And I can see that something else died there in the bloody
mud and was buried in the blizzard: A people's dream died there, and it was a beautiful dream." And through workshops they developed innovative new products, services, and business models. We should outlaw
this cheap and simple treatment and not let anybody use this on their children." Let's see what people -- What would you say? It could be something that we're remembered for, for millennia, for having achieved. But
each time, they were gnawing at me, eating at me. I still had migraine headaches. This young woman wished also to go to school. So the way we approached this is we studied the hydrology very carefully. What
do we do when we have injuries for structures which are much larger than one centimeter? And then we do the OPEC stimulus package also known as 200 dollars a barrel. And that got me to go out and look at
mines like this, and go out and look at the largest industrial incursions in the landscape that I could find. Soon after Tipper and I left the -- -- White House -- -- we were driving from our home in Nashville
to a little farm we have 50 miles east of Nashville -- I know it sounds like a little thing to you, but -- -- I looked in the rearview mirror and all of a sudden it just hit me. This has been a really galvanizing
issue for a long time. What I really want to do, is I want to use this new data to try to figure out what makes the HIV epidemic grow faster or slower. It informed us about breast cancer, colon cancer in
women. Should they be moving to another part of the country where there's a shortage of babysitters? And that took what had been a tiny little astronomical object in the sky, that you would see as a dot,
and turned it completely into a landscape, as that very first primitive picture came rastering across the screen. So what happens when I switch on that light? maybe he goes to college, maybe he's got a job,
but he doesn't have that same sense of purpose. Prozac was really the first absolute blockbuster drug. They jeer at you. In other cultures, they paint themselves like "Lord of the Flies." That idea only came
into being 300 years later, and most Islamic scholars see it as the equivalent of people with wings sitting on clouds and strumming harps. We like to build things. Well I believe that in any context anywhere,
he always has the choice at least not to do a cartoon that will feed hatred. And I decided the remedy to all this malaise was going to be for me to chase an elevated dream, an extreme dream, something that
would require utter conviction and unwavering passion, something that would make me be my best self in every aspect of my life, every minute of every day, because the dream was so big that I couldn't get
there without that kind of behavior and that kind of conviction. What the hell are you guys -- oh, sorry. The disastrous earthquake in Haiti taught humanitarian groups an unexpected lesson: the power of
mobile devices to coordinate, inform, and guide relief efforts. At TEDxRC2, Paul Conneally shows extraordinary examples of social media and other new technologies becoming central to humanitarian aid. This
is 20 microns thin, so this is about a baby hair's width. There are lots of people who believe that, and I think it is utter baloney. And the reason for doing so, at the center of this photograph, is Linus
Pauling. About six months before, he proposed the alpha helical structure for proteins. And in doing so, he banished the man out on the right, Sir Lawrence Bragg, who was the Cavendish professor. Swedish
firm Uppsala Biomedical, more seriously, makes a mobile phone add-on that can process blood tests in the field, uploading the data, displaying the results. You can get video annotations of the event that
you're reading about So inside of a nanotube, we're really at the limit here. and so I'm optimistic. It's really just for the sort of joy of its own triviality. And we're in the business of designing soundscapes. Normally
these are all part of the integrated stream of perception, or imagination, That way we're not going to deal with obsolescence and all those kinds of issues. And we started a studio. There was no way to predict
how far it would spread through water supplies and how bad the situation would get. Beam me up, Scotty. We understand the scientific basis for the interrelatedness of life but our ego hasn't caught up yet. Supply,
demand, big opportunity. Governments in Africa have therefore been given an opportunity, by the international community, to avoid building productive arrangements with your own citizens, and therefore allowed
to begin endless negotiations with the IMF and the World Bank, and then it is the IMF and the World Bank that tell them what its citizens need. And the gag is that, of course, these aren't just running
through the market. For example, how we started: Ratan just began with a five-engineer team, young people in their mid-twenties. So ultimately, this film has already started to gain a lot of momentum. Here's
how it goes. In CERN, Geneva, Switzerland, a machine is being built called the Large Hadron Collider. Together you have changed the zeitgeist from analog to digital, and pushed the boundaries. Just wanted
to say, "Hey guys. Don't want to make it look like I'm making any sudden moves." "I don't want you guys to think that I'm about to flee. It's much more easy to build hybrids. And in the middle of this sort
of harbor bath, we're actually going to put the actual Little Mermaid. My focus is understanding you people, and how you interact with the government to get your benefits, how you interact with corporations
to decide whom you're going to do business with, and how you view brands. We don't see the origin of species. Charles Leadbeater went looking for radical new forms of education -- and found them in the slums
of Rio and Kibera, where some of the world's poorest kids are finding transformative new ways to learn. And this informal, disruptive new kind of school, he says, is what all schools need to become. It's
that I sat there and I thought, "Make it go away. Make it go away. what we knew were a series of issues that the company and the client was confronted with. Just downriver from the Chambal is the filthy
Yamuna river, the sacred Yamuna river. And I hate to be so ironic and sarcastic about it Now what does it have to do with chronic pain? And even in adulthood, differences in this brain region can explain
differences among adults in how we think about and judge other people. While you're sitting in it you can adjust it down for the five-footer, or you can adjust it for the six-foot-six guy -- all within
the scope of a few simple adjustments. So what you see the midden workers doing is making a pile of refuse. And, of course, Arctic communities are toast. Just so you don't embarrass yourselves, I'll give
you the right answer: It's increase. But we are now in a new era of neuroscience, one in which we can finally look directly at brain function in real time with no risks and no side effects, non-invasively,
and find the true source of so many disabilities in children. You breakdown the molecules, you recombine them in very specific ways, to make all the wonderful plastics that we enjoy each and every day. It
is dimensionless. It is limitless. And in the center of Kunene region is the village of Sesfontein. This is where I was born. We need to reverse-engineer our present artistic tastes and preferences and explain
how they came to be engraved in our minds by the actions of both our prehistoric, largely pleistocene environments, where we became fully human, but also by the social situations in which we evolved. But
we got a clean learning curve, almost exactly the same as what you would get in a school. so let's move on with the problem. So we came up with a different protocell model, and this is actually simpler than
the previous one. That's what you think it is. All right? And this is related to the change of the frequency of a moving source. When we finally got out the back door, transformers were burning in the street. And
guess what? We have a little pedal charger too, just in case. which was my specialty. And so the theorist guys say, well, I think this is what's going on, and the experimentalist says, no, you're wrong. Ten
percent of American electricity comes from decommissioned warheads. So the little poem is called "The Dead." And consider treating psychotic disorders -- and I want this involved with the TED group -- such
as obsessive-compulsive disorder that, presently, is not well treated with drugs, and includes five million Americans. They can't do that anymore. That's impossible. If half of a community sleeps under a
net, the other half also benefits because the contagion of the disease spread. We're going to be providing content to them in a whole range of different languages. This is why all the people who believe
in this type of spirit are welcome to be on that team. and it's hard to add to a building like that -- The redundancy was actually good for me. a lot of computational fluid dynamics. So this is a chair --
as a matter of fact, it's actually a massage chair. It's fantastic, it's going to blow your mind. She shows us, trains us how to do and how to be better [people] and how to do long hours in surgery -- 300
patients per day, 10, 20 surgeries, and still you have to manage the camp -- that's how she trains us. Okay, that was an important lesson. So it's important to remember that whether it's good or it's bad,
"This Too Shall Pass." In the late spring, early summer of 2010, shortly after McQueen's suicide, our curator of costume, Andrew Bolton, came to see me, and said, "I've been thinking of doing a show on
McQueen, and now is the moment. We have to, we have to do it fast." It wasn't easy. McQueen had worked throughout his career with a small team of designers and managers who were very protective of his
legacy, but Andrew went to London and worked with them over the summer and won their confidence, and that of the designers who created his amazing fashion shows, which were works of performance art in
their own right, and we proceeded to do something at the museum, I think, we've never done before. And Chris Hughes strode into the middle of the throng with his weapon above his head, pointing at the ground,
and he said, "Kneel." I'm still using that old technology with a bicycle cable on his right side. So -- So, there's the bit about the dopamine and being a little bit, what do you call it, delusional, and
you might suggest that was it. Very interesting. Lots to read. We reinterpreted this life cycle on the scale of our sight and took the Gowanus as a giant oyster nursery where oysters would be grown up in
the Gowanus, then paraded down in their spat stage and seeded out on the Bayridge Reef. so that each of us -- explorer, scientist, cartoonist, singer, chef -- can turn up the lights in their own way. Now
we all need to focus on the many, many ways technology can lead us back to our real lives, our own bodies, our own communities, our own politics, our own planet. Six hours later, up goes the temperature. The
workers still come the next day, they do their job, but they're following different instructions. So what's happening is, as the shape is moving over space-time, it's twisting. And the direction it's twisting
as it moves is what particle we see. So it would be -- CA: The size of the E8 shape, how does that relate to the electron? It's a sizable chunk of human culture. that now, last count, four million of these
Von Neumann machines is built every 24 hours; Well, it's because it's legal for people to copy one another. If Antoine de Saint-Exupery, the author of "The Little Prince," were here, he would have drawn
three holes inside that box and told you your sheep was inside. This is a village in southern Zambia. ♫ Slide into the shimmering surface ♫ ♫ between two worlds. ♫ ♫ Standing at the center of time ♫ ♫ as
it uncurls. ♫ ♫ Cutting through the veil of illusion. ♫ ♫ Moving beyond past conclusions. ♫ ♫ Wondering if all my doubt and confusion will clear. ♫ ♫ If I could be anywhere, ♫ ♫ if I could be anywhere,
♫ ♫ if I could be anywhere right now, ♫ ♫ I would want to be here. ♫ ♫ Searching for the future ♫ ♫ among the things we're throwing away. ♫ ♫ Trying to see the world ♫ ♫ through the junk we produce everyday.
♫ ♫ They say nothing lasts forever, ♫ ♫ but all the plastic ever made is still here. ♫ ♫ And no amount of closing our eyes ♫ ♫ will make it disappear. ♫ ♫ If I could be anywhere, ♫ ♫ if I could be anywhere,
♫ ♫ if I could be anywhere in history, ♫ ♫ I would want to be here. ♫ ♫ The Romans, the Spanish ♫ ♫ the British, the Dutch, ♫ ♫ American exceptionalism, so out of touch. ♫ ♫ The folly of empire repeating
its course, ♫ ♫ imposing its will ♫ ♫ and ruling by force ♫ ♫ on and on through time. ♫ ♫ But the world can't take it very much longer. ♫ ♫ We're not going to make it ♫ ♫ unless we're smarter and stronger.
♫ ♫ The world is going to shake itself free of our greed ♫ ♫ somehow. ♫ ♫ If I could be anywhere, ♫ ♫ if I could be anywhere in time, ♫ ♫ if I could be anywhere and change things, ♫ ♫ it would have to
be now. ♫ ♫ They say nothing last forever, ♫ ♫ but all the plastic ever made is still here. ♫ ♫ And no amount of closing our eyes ♫ ♫ will make it disappear. ♫ ♫ And the world can't take it ♫ ♫ very much
longer. ♫ ♫ We're not going to make it ♫ ♫ unless we're smarter and stronger. ♫ ♫ The world's gonna shake itself free of our greed ♫ ♫ somehow. ♫ ♫ And the world can't take it, that you can see. ♫ ♫ If
the oceans don't make it, neither will we. ♫ ♫ The world's gonna shake itself all the way free ♫ ♫ somehow. ♫ ♫ If I could be anywhere, ♫ ♫ if I could be anywhere in time, ♫ ♫ if I could be anywhere and
change the outcome, ♫ ♫ it would have to be now. ♫ Thank you. but there are lots of systems in your body that keep it under control. We crave the approval of our peers. And over the past few days, many of
you have been asking me, "How did you come to this? How did you get started doing this?" And he considers himself one of the inmates. What does that mean for us in the West? In there he talked about the divided
self. Now, am I saying, "Oh, well, great prevention strategy. I came up with a few games. The microbes in your mouth can freshen your breath, or not, and the key thing is that our personal ecosystems interact
with ecosystems on everything we touch. Left home at the age of seven. So here's an example of that, also from Andrew's Machine Learning class. Isn't it weird that my 47-year-old husband is forever losing
the car? Two days later, the doctors gave the Mitchells a choice: They could either remove Barbara off the life support, in which case she would die within a matter of hours, or they could keep her on life
support, in which case she might still die within a matter of days. The way little Lewis would tell the time is by a picture of the sky. Because although I've used scientific terms in songs, it's very difficult
sometimes to make them lyrical. Because it's when we stumble or hesitate or lose our words that we reveal ourselves to each other. Vegetables: they might yet save the oceans. and if your house is burning
down, they're going to get you out of it. And this is why we should all be grateful to you will not be surprised to learn, take a rather different view of this. They got out on the far end, we said, "Fine,
don't worry about it." And you can see here how my perception of the sound L helps the alliteration to jump right out. And then also my family was in chaos, This is the streets of Kabul in those days. What
you've done is you've outlined all the negative things that can happen, but not talked about the positive." How has this happened? In fact, there's a surge channel where the tide is moving back and forth,
twice a day, pretty rapidly. And there's a beautiful reef, very complex reef, with lots of animals, including a lot of octopus. Now if you think about that story for a moment, I think it resembles a lot
of the difficult negotiations we get involved in. "Be careful, you might fall," almost banteringly chides her, "You might fall," and the young woman, 18, a girl really, though she wouldn't think that, as
brilliant as she is, first in her class, and "Beautiful, too," she's often told, smiles back, and leans into the open window, which wouldn't even be open if it were winter -- As somebody who has always
believed in the importance of the stuff that we know, this was a terrifying idea to me. Our objective is to be a millennium city, just like many millennium cities around: Istanbul, Rome, London, Paris,
Damascus, Cairo. That's a general rule, and it's critically important to realize that. He basically said, "I've designed everything." As you can expect it doesn't last very long; people take it. And why is
this important? Well, this is the most expensive bed. This is a blog from Iraq, and it's not really what I'm going to talk about, but I just wanted to show you an example. And by the way, she was also very
insistent on being able to change the color, an important feature for this demonstration. Now, in our galleries, we show 14 centuries of the development of different Islamic cultures across a vast geographic
spread, and, again, hundreds of thousands of people have come to see these galleries since they opened last October. So we said, "What can we get out of this? Next is by Vera Sokolova. But today both countries
say the best defense is to attack. And in fact, faking madness is exactly the kind of cunning and manipulative act of a psychopath. Have you found Wikipedia being used by teachers, and how do you see Wikipedia
changing education? Then Einstein, with his special theory of relativity, looked at a whole set of symmetries of Maxwell's equations, which are called special relativity. She said the only way to help Sudan
is to invest in the women, educating them, educating the children, We've worked on this for 15 years. How can one distinguish a donation that is voluntary and altruistic from one that is forced or coerced
from, for example, a submissive spouse, an in-law, a servant, a slave, an employee? And so that gives me the whole picture for the next several years And I want to know how the money you're going to get
from me is going to help you get there. Of course, when other physicists and I actually work on this stuff, the mathematics can resemble a dark labyrinth. Or at least, they shouldn't if they're interested
in reproducing. That -- is not the way any human being speaks casually. Yeah, we laugh, but this is how we move the message, and moving that message is how we connect international, interagency, private-public,
and these social nets to help create security. And they hear like humans do, or real creatures do. Even working with individual companies is not probably going to get us there. But then, if we shift the dial
200, 500 years back, then we get to the places where the corals are absolutely healthy and gorgeous, forming spectacular structures, and where the predators are the most conspicuous thing, where you see
between 25 and 50 sharks per dive. And I mean, the people just danced in the streets because they were afraid there was going to be another riot. Weddings cause a release of oxytocin, but they do so in a
very particular way. He announced a Swayamvara. At the end of a semester they integrated their skills. 20 years later, when Boyer and Cohen in San Francisco and Stanford came up with their method of recombinant
DNA, and Stanford patented it and made a lot of money. Already, around the Arctic Circle -- this is a famous village in Alaska. This is a town in Newfoundland. Antarctica. Latest studies from NASA. And every
woman, you are so beautiful. Kibera is one of Africa's largest slums. There are so many things to be happy about. I was blind, I couldn't speak, and I couldn't walk. I've had 12 students work on this for their
graduate work, and the result has been this software called Uniview and a company called SCISS in Sweden. We make sure that we select our equipment properly. We think of hippies of being just hedonists,
but there's a very strong component -- I was in that movement -- a very strong component of being responsible for yourself. Environmental challenges fall into the same three categories, and most of what
we think about are local environmental problems: air pollution, water pollution, hazardous waste dumps. But there are also regional environmental problems, like acid rain from the Midwest to the Northeast,
and from Western Europe to the Arctic, and from the Midwest out the Mississippi into the dead zone of the Gulf of Mexico. So, being I'm in the United States, I'll have a dig at the Europeans. Rory is a graduate
student at Stanford. Why are you posting these photos?" And the great thing is that you can take anyone along with you. It doesn't have anything to do, in specifics, with centrifuges, with uranium enrichment. King
David lived to be 70, a long time in his era. It was all about cleaning up Germany, and the West, and the world, and ridding it of anything unglamorous. It's muffled English. It's degraded Japanese. CA: It's
simultaneously an incredible medical technique, but also a terrifying ... But there's no training, nothing to prepare them for that, no rehabilitation at all in prison, no one to help them write a business
plan, figure out a way to translate the business concepts they intuitively grasp into legal enterprises, no access to the Internet, even. It's an objective truth about the form of two, the abstract form. The
design genius of Charles + Ray Eames You might have encountered the stuck-key problem -- so basically the same symbol being repeated over and over again. There's the improvisational side of jazz. And there
was an argument. Should we stop using slaves? Here, here, Kenya, East Africa, they've actually just come out of a long drought. In some cases this will involve a delegation of responsibility, a delegation
of control from one country to another to take over certain kinds of administrative responsibilities. So, as you can see evidenced by such examples, age has absolutely nothing to do with it. I will not dance
to that beating. And so when word came out that AIMS was opening, it spread very quickly via e-mail and our website. Now obviously the driver cannot see, so the system needs to perceive the environment and
gather information for the driver. In most of the world, these few prevention failures notwithstanding, we are actually doing quite well these days in commercial sex: condom use rates are between 80 and
100 percent in commercial sex in most countries. You can't get rich selling marijuana. Fifteen minutes later -- next question: where is Calcutta? So the overall consumption of energy is about 25 watts at
takeoff and 16 to 18 watts in flight. And again, watch the change just using livestock to mimic nature. And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people. This is a cassette tape
the girl puts into her cassette-tape player. At TEDxNYED, former "young Republican" Larry Lessig talks about what Democrats can learn about copyright from their opposite party, considered more conservative.
A surprising lens on remix culture. We don't teach American history in Britain. It's not an animal we draw cartoons of or draw at all. And these kinds of experiments are started with programs that we wrote
ourselves. Why? OK. Now, I began my explorations the hard way. And in the process, Africa has been stripped of self-initiative. They are basically the transport system on a quarry run by a slaveholder. Your
parents were peaceful people. And you know, there's another adage in Hollywood, that nobody knows nothing about anything. RB: Now, here they're asked to prohibit the robot, and this first woman really pushes
the robot into an emotional corner. Congestion pricing is being discussed in every major city around the world Like with the water, instead of talking about it, we're going to sail a million liters of harbor
water from Copenhagen to Shanghai, so the Chinese who have the courage can actually dive in and feel how clean it is. It's amazing, isn't it? It certainly impacted the way we think about TED's future, and
perhaps the world's future overall. So just as we manage national parks, where we promote the growth of some species and we inhibit the growth of others, we're working towards thinking about buildings using
an ecosystem framework where we can promote the kinds of microbes that we want to have indoors. And then if I go over here, the list begins to scroll, and there are actually thousands of feelings that have
been collected. And he gave the case out, both of them, to two groups of students. Well, I was just on the edge of my seat. So there are challenges to be met. Since, our work has focused on building driving
cars that can drive anywhere by themselves -- any street in California. The key thing is, even if you only have a couple of hours a month, those two hours shoulder-to-shoulder, next to one student, concentrated
attention, shining this beam of light on their work, on their thoughts and their self-expression, is going to be absolutely transformative, because so many of the students have not had that ever before. We
have this concept that the opposite of play is work. And then we apply all these other principles like transparency, professional management, measurable results, scalability, [unclear], etc. Well this was
really cool. The problem is that the active ingredient in there -- as I mentioned earlier -- comes from pigs. Now we're making Scottish tartans, as you can see on the left, to sell to all people of Scottish
ancestors. I was at the art show in Miami in December, and spent a couple of hours looking at fine art, and amazed at the prices of art and how expensive it is, but having a great time looking at it. But
let's step back for a moment and focus on the countries that actually started PISA, and I'm giving them a colored bubble now. Now, when I apply Russell Baker's definition of solemnity or seriousness to
design, it doesn't necessarily make any particular point about quality. And the most current story lesson that I've had was completing the film I've just done this year in 2012. Why? Because the knowledge
that is required for you to understand the incentives necessary to expand a business -- it requires that you listen to the people, the private sector actors in that industry. And he said, "Yes, and they
hop across the ocean." This part of the brain is called the anterior cingulate gyrus. Well, guess what? I won. Hooray. And they got very upset. I was in tears. Well, one thing we know is that they tend to be
really hard to overcome. I even knew the differential diagnosis in how to classify renal tubular acidosis. President Clinton, if you're here, thank you. If I left this pink noise on for more than a couple
of minutes, you would literally cease to hear it. So here we go. This is your senses, pouring into your senses every second. and then he wrote down "$12,000." Even more problematic, they're not listening
to poor people themselves. And about a quarter of all the people in Princeton died that winter from hunger and cold, but nobody remembers that. It strikes me that much of the textbooks that are used to educate
our children are inherently biased. you know, we try many, many different things in our company. Unfortunately, these beliefs are based on assumptions that don't always hold true in many countries, in many
cultures. It's a brilliant redesign of traditional religious themes -- updating them, quietly dropping obsolete features, putting new interpretations on other features. So if transportation technology was
moving along as fast as microprocessor technology, then the day after tomorrow, I would be able to get in a taxi cab and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds. When you study the mathematics of string theory, you find
that it doesn't work in a universe that just has three dimensions of space. I was incredibly curious to see the world, and I made all these things, which then finally did take me to see many countries and
many cultures. So, I get to New York City the next day, and this kid walks up to me -- I'm walking out of the Apple store -- this kid walks up to me he's like, "Yo, D!" After being there for three-quarters
of an hour, he made 32 dollars. 11-year-old Birke Baehr presents his take on a major source of our food -- far-away and less-than-picturesque industrial farms. Keeping farms out of sight promotes a rosy,
unreal picture of big-box agriculture, he argues, as he outlines the case to green and localize food production. This is a Klein bottle wine bottle, which, although in four dimensions it shouldn't be able
to hold any fluid at all, it's perfectly capable of doing so because our universe has only three spatial dimensions. It's also used in more conventional settings and can be used more consciously in conventional
settings. This is how most work today. ever since I was a little kid, So it really makes you realize the onus on parents to have to look at this and regulate this and police this and how astonishing that
is. Americans, incredibly generous people -- over 300 billion a year, donated to charity every year, compared with the amount of foreign aid given by the top 17 industrialized nations at 120 billion. Did
a stint at MTV, made a film called "Startup.com," and I've done a couple of music films -- When you can get rid of all of those because somebody doesn't use any of them really, you find that you can actually
cut transportation emissions as much as 90 percent. So that whole thing, that whole childhood echoes and takes me into the next piece. But would those future astronomers believe such ancient knowledge? What
are you eating? But when we fail to give our best, we simply haven't met the test, of giving all and saving none until the game is really won; of showing what is meant by grit; of playing through when others
quit; of playing through, not letting up. We didn't all know each other, but we all kind of trusted each other, and that basic feeling of trust permeated the whole network, and there was a real sense that
we could depend on each other to do things. And, OK, so stop there. This was -- you had some award I think? I'm sure we all agree that no problem worth solving is like that. So different structural locations
have different implications for your life. It could happen in learning time scales. But then what happened was the individuals worked out, of course, tricks of communicating. We have antibiotics in our kitchen
counters, people are washing every part of them all of the time, we pump antibiotics into our food, into our communities, we take antibiotics excessively. Audience: Raw data now! There is no area of the
government -- not the EPA or the FDA -- And so some states have decided to allow them, some states have decided to ban them. This is Brian Rooney for Nightline, in Long Beach, California. Your voice is small,
but don't ever stop singing. Well, great. You are the one who is to blame." And we do that for a couple of reasons. A lot of them made jokes about trying to get us to go to the back to get heavy television
sets for customers. Now this is in 1978. The next video is not done by us. We have to utilize this day of ceasefire and nonviolence and go for a global truce, go for the largest recorded cessation of hostilities,
both domestically and internationally, ever recorded. If it's constant, that means that the stars out here are feeling the gravitational effects of matter that we do not see. He needed to be a very sympathetic
character. We see the Occupy protests, we see spiraling debt crises, we see growing inequality, we see money's influence on politics, we see resource constraint, food and oil prices. If shame washes over
me and washes over Chris, it's going to feel the same. What if all the replacements our bodies need already exist in nature, or within our own stem cells? Celine is a housewife and lives in a rural district
of Cameroon in west Central Africa. Six years ago, at the time of her HIV diagnosis, she was recruited to participate in the clinical trial which was running in her health district at the time. But she
became part of history and opened up this idea that all of us should have access to education. it becomes a movement. So three questions I'd offer you. I started experimenting with other subjects, among them,
for example, pronunciation. So it's overall performance and efficiency just exceeds standard mass produced products. A place like Chicago has really reached kind of a level of international stature. I have
in mind the so-called Acheulian hand axes. It was like vegetable jerky, and killed all of them. And when I started my blog it was really this one goal -- I said, I am not going to be famous to the world,
but I could be famous to people on the Internet. I'm going to talk today about saving more, but not today, tomorrow. It's called "Tap, Type, Write." business,culture,economics,entertainment,marketing,shopping,technology,web And
you know if you walk across a chasm, you end up making it worse than if you didn't start at all -- No, what I'm suggesting is that we should leap off, we should increase our velocity so it's high, and
we should leap off one side and go the other -- of course, having calculated our differential equation very carefully. This is what you can do with some household tinfoil. And the supermassive black holes
are thought to reside at the center of galaxies. In 2006, the head of the American Mortgage Bankers Association said, quote, "As we can clearly see, no seismic occurrence is about to overwhelm the U.S.
economy." As you did here in the United States, or you did in India, everywhere in this planet. But I'm -- in a few months, I'll be 80 years of age. The gloves go away in a matter of months or years. It turns
out it isn't because of something called film condensation, and this explains that. . And obviously, it landed in one of these flat, dark regions Actually, many MIT students stayed up all night long working
on this thing, and many of the principles of gaming today were worked out. Well, there's only so many times you can play the same section of a song over and over again for the dancers. I moved for two years
in Taiwan. Thanks to a really boring lecture, I started caricaturing my teachers in school. People were texting from their phones. They were taking photos of buildings. It will be better for all if they prepare
before entering office rather than learning on the job. And even though the color was pretty hideous, I did love the car, and it really cemented my love affair with cars that's continued on to this day. It's
two resins that are, sort of, in and of themselves -- neither of which can make glue, but when you put the two together, something happens. A bond takes place, and you get this very strong, powerful Well,
in this technique, what I've tried to do is kind of gather all of the knowledge that the bread-baking world, the artisan bread-baking community, has been trying to accumulate over the last 20 years or
so -- since we've been engaged in a bread renaissance in America -- and put it together to come up with a method that would help to take whole-grain breads. why are we born in the first 14 billion years
of it, in the warm, comfortable afterglow of the Big Bang? The average price of a human being today, around the world, is about 90 dollars. By the way, two days ago, we were going to film this down there,
at the race course, and we got a guy into a car, and we got a camera man in the back, but halfway through the drive, he told me he had a -- I think it was a nine-millimeter or something, stuck to his leg. we've
got to build an infrastructure -- a light rail -- or you're going to keep parking those cars. These have disappeared from every inhabited reef in the world, and they filter the water; they keep the water
clean from microbes and pathogens. And then the broader ideas of city-making start having direct influences on architecture, on the elements that make up the broader scheme, the buildings themselves, and
start guiding us. which was fine with me. Think of cancer, of bird flu, swine flu, SARS. Hotel ... Bushmaster Two-Six, Bushmaster Two-Six, we need to move, time now! Now I have no jaw left at all. And so I
placed one more element of each one of them. This I saw on the plane, flying in, for hot new products. You need to go and share your ideas and your success stories of what worked about reinvigorating our
lives, our schools, and our work with play; about how play promotes a sense of promise and self-fulfillment; of how play promotes innovation and productivity, and, ultimately, how play creates meaning. This
is the most important slide of my talk, so I'll dwell on it a little bit. Now, to bring that home, I thought I'd invent a little game. But he's still an adulterer, and still quite angry. And in Lebanon, Southern
Lebanon in '82, he said to himself and to everybody else, I will never use the word "unacceptable" again. But I gotta have my hot dog. The more stuff that's mine, the better. It's limited by our cognitive
biases. And that has always been a certain part of the work. But here's what he says about why they don't do that. And this is such an inversion, of children being the agents of change. And they range from
the famous ones that I had heard of -- So I wanted to follow those. Well, this is the question the Edge foundation asked this year, and four of the respondents said, "SETI." In fact -- coming back to the
land mass -- Africa is so big that you could fit in the continental United States, China, and the entire Europe into Africa, and still have space. And together they only form about 15 years of supply. We
call this Mission Zero. So this woman comes in and she's taken into the operating room. So what we've been able to do is to pinpoint where these disturbances are in the brain, and we've been able to intervene
within these circuits in the brain to either turn them up or turn them down. And it's not just because people would know where the women's bathrooms are, even though that would be very helpful. Because I
got a phone call from our chief chemist and he said, look, I’ve just found this such a beautiful reaction, that even if this compound doesn’t smell of coumarin, I want to do it, it’s just such a nifty, As
anyone would, as they do this, they develop a sixth sense, a constant awareness about how what they do might affect their ability to raise money. And I've looked globally, I've taken all the countries in
the world for the last 40 years, and looked to see what the relationship is. Rip off the stuff that matters. I mean, look inside yourself and figure out what is inside you. as long as you can figure out
why some organisms evolved to virulence. Well, at least, we did once. So, jack of spades. The way it does this is it comes out at night, crawls to the top of a sand dune, and because it's got a matte black
shell, is able to radiate heat out to the night sky and become slightly cooler than its surroundings. One: Is the Middle East being shown in a current time and correct context? People have linked to it,
and so other people in turn link to it, etc., etc. and the market conditions were fantastic. and then I can make it into some sort of melody and I'll improvise it. When I ask people -- and I've been asking
people this question for about 10 years -- I ask them, "Where do you go when you really need to get something done?" I'll hear things like, the porch, the deck, the kitchen. In the finance industry, you
now have more of a right to know about what's going on, so we have different anti-bribery laws, money regulations, increased corporate disclosure, so you can now track assets across borders. This is what
the real world of computers, lamps, electrical appliances of all kinds, looks like. I know a lot of you are like, "Ooh, I don't want to be reached at any hour." SJ: Mm-hmm. Vamp. Siren. Seductress. Playwright
Eve Ensler explores our modern craving for security -- and why it makes us less secure. Listen for inspiring, heartbreaking stories of women making change. That's why they don't know whether their mutual
fund manager is taking 0.1 percent or 0.15 percent of their investment, but they clip coupons to save one dollar off of toothpaste. That's a good thing, so I accepted the prize. Who would have imagined that
Germany would be either united or democratic today, if you looked at it from the perspective of Oxford of 1943? The legendary chimpanzee researcher Jane Goodall talks about TACARE and her other community
projects, which help people in booming African towns live side-by-side with threatened animals. Again, similar story around the world. And then finally, everybody's favorite, None of this is Photoshopped.
These are real creatures. That is what Kanak Das has done. It's great. It's fantastic. When you ask the janitors who behaved like the ones I described how hard it is to learn to do their job, they tell you
that it takes lots of experience. So, I did it. But he comes up with that, you know. So I want you to imagine when in a couple of years, when we've started to apply this cloud-based information, when we really
have the A.I. physician and leverage our brains to connectivity to make decisions and diagnostics at a level never done. This is a geep, a goat-sheep hybrid. "... currently listening to Evan Williams." And
I'd just like to show you a little footage of what he did back then. in places like India where costs are very low, that family, that three-generation family that you see there who were in hereditary slavery
-- so, that granddad there, was born a baby into slavery -- but the total cost, amortized across the rest of the work, was about 150 dollars to bring that family out of slavery and then take them through
a two year process to build a stable life of citizenship and education. That person may be withdrawn, look down, lower their voice, pause, be kind of herky-jerky. In this case, you actually can. This is how
English my mother is -- or was, she just passed. So we said, if the rain's coming down, let's get fresh water. We can get some things out on the Internet. It is the market for all those people for whom there
is no other market coming. We all tend to think that these systems are quite different, Even in the slums of India more than 50 percent of urban kids are going into private schools. This gives me a chance
to suggest to you the structure of the Column of Marcus Aurelius, which is really no more than a pile of quarters high -- thick quarters. Over the Piazza of Saint Ignacio, completely ruining the symmetry,
but that aside a spectacular place to visit. Very nice, and there my older, senior lungs, as I like to call them, I filled with particulate matter, carbon dioxide and very high doses of ozone. Another suggestion
has been, since we're putting so many robots in the field, we can see the time coming where they're actually going to be sending robots out in the field that are autonomous. When I ask my students to write
about their happiest moment, many write about an early artistic experience they had as a kid. All my life I've dreamed that all Venezuelan children have the same opportunity that I had. So why don't we think
of using some of this aid? There is an evolution here between the projects, and Swiss Re again develops that a little bit further -- the project in the city in London. ♫ This is a song that I sing when I'm
scared of something ♫ ♫ I don't know why but it helps me get over it ♫ ♫ The words of the song just move me along ♫ ♫ And somehow I get over it ♫ ♫ At least I don't suck at life ♫ ♫ I keep on trying despite
♫ ♫ At least I don't suck at life ♫ ♫ I keep on trying despite ♫ ♫ This is a song that I sing when I'm scared of something ♫ Okay, so I wrote that song, right. Thank you. anything we could eat. It keeps
me busy. And so I didn't really get happy until 1960, because then we found out, basically, you know, that there are three forms of RNA. And one of the most fascinating insights I took from this work is
that we're all learning about the world even before we enter it. And what I mean by that is that anytime we've launched one of these technologies to the clinic, we've made absolutely sure that we do everything
we can in the laboratory before we ever launch these technologies to patients. And those of you that have an iPhone recognize the green center. The open-source world has learned to deal with a flood of new,
oftentimes divergent, ideas using hosting services like GitHub -- so why can’t governments? In this rousing talk Clay Shirky shows how democracies can take a lesson from the Internet, to be not just transparent
but also to draw on the knowledge of all their citizens. She was sort of adored on the Right the way Eleanor Roosevelt was on the Left. And that question cleared the space. The second premise -- and this
was something that was very difficult for us to convince the librarians of at first -- is that libraries, since the inception of Carnegie Library tradition in America, had a second responsibility, and
that was for social roles. Now we're not there yet. They asked themselves the following question. For me, while I'm such a serious athlete on the track, I want to be feminine off the track, and I think it's
so important not to be limited in any capacity, whether it's, you know, your mobility or even fashion. So this really, really fascinated me. He is the musical director of Los Angeles Philharmonic, and is
still the overall leader of Venezuela's junior orchestras. So, he pulled me up, and I was fine. Flying monks. What this suggests is actually that we may have the story about the Internet wrong. One is I want
to remind you of what a seven-year-old child sounds like when he plays the piano. These technologies, combined with the extraordinary talents of teachers, provide an opportunity to revolutionize education. What's
happening? I can't look you in the eyes and tell you that I have a solution for climate change, for the water crisis. There's no magic; it's practice, practice, practice. About three or four years ago, I
got a phone call in the middle of the night from that teacher, Mrs. Posten, who said, "I need to see you. And this is a -- you know, the purple dinosaur with kind of bloat wear. Why you giving these to me? And
these budgets are the key for our future; they're the key for our kids. And let me immediately tell you here, when I say life, I don't mean "dolce vita," good life, human life. And it's like, "Guys, I travel
a lot." They need an inclusive process where the real fabric of this very complicated society can deal with their issues. I've spent my life working on extremely miserable people, and I've asked the question,
how do extremely miserable people differ from the rest of you? And you're thinking, "God, if this guy is saying that, then all the soldiers must be saying that." But I found a sign for Russian-speaking people,
and it was the best sign ever to say no. ♫ Quiet ♫ ♫ Quiet down, she said ♫ ♫ Speak into the back of his head ♫ ♫ On the edge of the bed, I can see your blood flow ♫ ♫ I can see your ♫ ♫ cells grow ♫ ♫
Hold still awhile ♫ ♫ Don't spill the wine ♫ ♫ I can see it all from here ♫ ♫ I can see ♫ ♫ oh, I ♫ ♫ I can see ♫ ♫ weather systems ♫ ♫ of the world ♫ ♫ Weather systems ♫ ♫ of the world ♫ ♫ Some things
you say ♫ ♫ are not for sale ♫ ♫ I would hold it where ♫ ♫ our free agents of some substance are ♫ ♫ scared ♫ ♫ Hold still a while ♫ ♫ Don't spill the wine ♫ ♫ I can see it all from here ♫ ♫ I can see
♫ ♫ oh, I ♫ ♫ I can see ♫ ♫ weather systems of the world ♫ ♫ Weather systems ♫ ♫ of the world ♫ Thanks. Control everybody? Develop a skill? Give up? Smoke a cigarette? Maybe we will, maybe we won't. But until
they have the same energy consumption per person, they shouldn't give advice to others -- what to do and what not to do. The cancer is growing as this red, huge mass in the hind limb of this animal. And
this is what happens to that food web when it's stocked with non-native fish that never lived there before. Very yellow and very colorful, because there's many different frequencies. Imagine two thirds over
here running excellent organizations, doing very important work. It took us 15 years to sequence HIV -- we sequenced SARS in 31 days. But she looks up and says this, and it occurs to me, well, kids aren't
going to mind these things, and they don't vote, and business people and then young adults aren't going to mind these things -- they're pretty cool -- so I guess subliminally I was worried that it's the
older population that's going to worry. This topic is also old. It is not an event for the solo runner. And so I thought, "Maybe if it can promote cell growth, it can inhibit cell death, too." Now, pride of
place in this practice is given to compassion. It will lay waste to appetite. It will lay waste to social confidence. This is a sculpture of the Sun and the Earth, in proportion. I ended up with this: my
Maltese Falcon. And some of them, like paleontological shvisle, they contain Snoop Dogg. So -- someone's done that up. It was beautiful -- it was called Personal Skies. This enables her to easily ride through
the air currents as if she's sliding along on the ocean waves. Which African country do you want me to wire all my money to? And so I had some friends over to dinner, and I was asking -- we had a cookout
-- I was asking them what advice they might have for me about proving my point. They said, "Why don't you run some crash tests?" Our little portion of oneness is given a name, is told all kinds of things
about itself, If that single-stability system, that brain that flies that aircraft, fails, or if the engine fails, that vehicle crashes. There is no option to that. So I'm an engineer by training, but I'm
one of the creators and instructors of this course, which I find kind of funny, because this is a company that trusts an engineer to teach emotion intelligence. MR: I wasn't suggesting that I was going
to go and do it, but ... And when I'm talking about a long lifetime, of course, I don't want somebody who's 200 years old to be like our image of what a 200-year-old is -- which is dead, actually. It's risk
and demand. He was treated with radiation therapy, state-of-the-art radiation therapy, but it didn't help. Who is that going to come from? Is it going to come from the best directors in the world as we thought
it probably would? So we were really excited about working with them. We then process these husks with some basic equipment. Our mushroom strains were in the highly active range. And our teacher told us that
the industrialized world, 1960, had one billion people. India and China used to be 40 percent of the global economy just at the Industrial Revolution, and they are now about 4.8 percent. I feel much more
comfortable down here. hypnotize everyone into donating to our cause, Likewise, every connectome changes over time. And you'll discover that there are parts of the globe that are systematically cut off. I
had to think about how I sew and how I cut, but then also how I pick the right person to come to an operating room. This stuff was supposed to only be feed for animals in the United States, and it got into
the human food supply, and somebody should've figured out that it would get in the human food supply very easily. JA: Not really. I mean, we don't have any WikiLeaks dissidents yet. Our species are ocean-basin-wide. So
yeah, I'm a newspaper cartoonist -- political cartoonist. But it was great." so I am, begrudgingly, almost a generation older than most of them. This is a generation that's grown up taking their voices pretty
much for granted. And the nearest star is 4.2 light years away, which means its light takes 4.2 years to get here. Actually, the footprint on the ground for wind is by far the smallest of any energy source
in the world. If you look out your window and you can see Long's Peak, you're probably familiar with it. He gave lectures to Caltech undergrads that became "The Feynman Lectures on Physics." You slept in
the bush, but you kept going. That's why we're changing the perception of insects. So let me first start with the personal reason. It'll sound corny, but it's sincere. Nowhere on Earth offers us such a perfect
record. Ken Knowlton does wonderful composite images, like creating Jacques Cousteau out of seashells -- un-retouched seashells, but just by rearranging them. He did Einstein out of dice because, after
all, Einstein said, "God does not play dice with the universe." Bert Herzog out of un-retouched keyboards. Will Shortz, crossword puzzle. John Cederquist does these wonderful trompe l'oeil cabinets. Enhancing
the public good becomes a primary objective. Those are nice words. But I got sort of curious of what he meant with liberty, and liberty for whom. Turns out it wasn't so easy. I work with So this is the lab
at the high school, and it has gotten approved. And it's sort of like a better version of the toolbar. If you look at birds, which live a long time, cells from the birds tend to be more resistant to a lot
of different environmental stresses like high temperature or hydrogen peroxide, things like that. And Bill, if you're here, nobody thinks you're megalomaniacal. He took some money; we'll take his money.
That'll teach him. You know, they are generally put together in pairs, creating a word or what we call base pairs. So this has applications in all walks of life. And around that time, I met John Gardner,
who is a remarkable man. And one of the recurring themes, by the way, that in the work was a kind of hostility toward the museum itself, And suddenly, the kids have connected laptops. Juan Enriquez on genomics
and our future And you would realize you could put the Earth in a happy orbit even 30 km outside of this crushed black hole. Peer-to-peer networks assaulting the recording industry; free and open source
software taking market share from Microsoft; Skype potentially threatening traditional telecoms; Wikipedia competing with online encyclopedias. Just as you move, it generates power. There's a great quote
that was written in the New York Times that said, "Sharing is to ownership what the iPod is to the 8-track, what solar power is to the coal mine." This is not Keith Barry doing a magic trick. The Prakash,
the overall effort has three components: outreach, to identify children in need of care; medical treatment; and in subsequent study. It is," he said, "only a female molecule. My daughter never wears a watch,
my daughter Kate, who's 20. And I think one thing we have in common is a very deep need to express ourselves. He said it was "because they have laws and rules invented by reason." So my penchant for hugging
other people has earned me the nickname Dr. Love. Dealing with other people demands a kind of flexibility that no set of rules can encompass. My point now, though, is that there is a lot that we could do
for you who are in here, if you've survived the initial blast. JM: Now of course, we were thinking, well let's just first put the data out there for people to do science to it. I hope you'll appreciate the
beautiful simplicity of this concept. So, we pushed the piles down through the dune, and we create an initial bacterial surface. This was our sign -- it's hand-painted, Because we can re-draw our original
diagram this way. Mostly the issues there are legal issues and breaking copy protections. And so, it is not until age seven that we get what looks more like an adult response. My wife's ill. I've got no money.
What can I do?" Nicole: Nicole. That's Hugo. I won't go into that. The office building is basically obsolete for doing private work. As many as 100 million refugees from Bangladesh could be expected to migrate
into India and into China. And then the cliche came to haunt us. And we also have to be aware of the issues. And then, ornithologists can go and help track populations, migrations, etc. And so it's the pursuit
of better things, And we come from a long tradition of sharing. NM: Well, we're gonna play one "Are you going to be there? And when I say quite common, it could still be so rare that no one island of life
ever encounters another, I was a little bit surprised, but that evening that's what we talked about, and it was a stimulating conversation. And remember, my first patient who came in -- -- thank you. It's
an umbrella of air all across it, The public health authorities had largely ignored what he had to say. Well, you know where we're going on from here. And the cease-fire had been translated into a series
of sanctions resolutions, and my instructions were to say perfectly terrible things about Saddam Hussein constantly, which he deserved -- he had invaded another country. But to make it happen, sometimes
you have to propose a scenario an idea that everyone, or the large majority, will help you to make it happen. And the mobile phone, in addition, is both personal -- and so it also gives you a degree of
privacy -- and it's convenient. And I think that's one of the main problems of our society. Be advised, we're leaving Taji right now. Together: Someone get me Post-its! Edward Hopper was a real master in creating
the narration by working with light and dark. Sometimes they're a little bit more abstract. I got out of school in '51. And since I visit each one of those countries within at least every three months, I'm
just going around the world every three weeks. We can pick up and fly to the deepest place: seven miles down, the Mariana Trench, where only two people have ever been. We spend so much of our lives at the
workplace, and it's supposed to be, what, a miserable grind, so that 20 years from now, we wake up and say, "Is this it? So, this ship was basically the size of the Marriott Hotel, a little taller and a
little bigger. And when they brought her case to the judge, for the first time he stood up and he said, "Yes, there's no evidence except for your torture confession and you will be released." In the areas
that are regulated, there are so many rules no human could possibly know it. And if you want an example of perseverance, grit and strength in a beautiful, little package, it is her. And what happens when
people try to assemble themselves back into life, because of our taboos around suicide, we're not sure what to say, and so quite often we say nothing. He observes very carefully how a whiskey bottle should
be touched. Start with a 16-ounce portion of big fish. Many of the deep-sea communities that goes ocean-basin-wide. And I'm so grateful they did. It's something you should think about doing. But half of those
were Indian. And of these 45 molecules, only 4629 actually smells of sandalwood. They could do it a little bit faster and a little better on national TV, and "I'm sorry, Ken. We don't need you anymore." And
if you truly believe -- and I mean believe from the bottom of your heart -- you can make change happen. That's two days ago. I wished to tell him that, were he to acknowledge my disability, it would be okay,
for people are wrong to marvel at those like me who smile as we limp. Oh, for Al Gore to come and be in the real world as president. But the ocean-protected area is basically flat line until right about
now -- it appears to be ticking up. Steve Grand points out that you and I are, ourselves, more like a wave than a permanent thing. And the good news, this one's a monster. I can design for you a new toothbrush,
new toilet brush," something like that. Bill Stone: That was taken in Wakulla Springs, Florida. So what was going on here? We weren't covered in ice in Africa. Less than three percent of a very sophisticated
audience. The idea of replicating ideas; ideas that replicate by passing from brain to brain. It's a project by The Long Now Foundation, which was founded by TEDsters including Kevin Kelly and Stewart Brand. And
maybe this will encourage people to get colonoscopies that wouldn't have otherwise. And it then starts, and we get into this thing, and our personal feedback -- there's two things about it. We've watched
the financial markets that we uniquely create -- these markets that were supposed to be foolproof -- we've watched them kind of collapse before our eyes. So, we kind of toyed around with this idea, and
we said, "What can we do with this? Two stunt guys doing what I consider to be a rather benign stunt. And as a teacher of yoga, he brings that experience to others across the spectrum of ability and disability,
health, illness and aging. It’s important that we love babies, and that we not be put off by, say, messy diapers. It confirmed something I really had a hunch on, is that the audience actually wants to work
for their meal. This is a song that came about because I think it's difficult to be in the world and not be aware of what's going on, and the wars and so forth. So these fires are really the first things
to work on. Mark Riccobono: Yes. Oh, D and F -- too familiar. Now, there's kind of two issues here. Because we know that the fathers are even leaving with this one thought: What type of woman am I preparing
to put in the world? you have muscle, brain cells. And same things happens with say, a hammer, which is general at first and becomes more specific. So think about these two tables. We are extraordinary, different,
wonderful people. So I think that's another big point. The numbers increased by refugees pouring in from Burundi and over the lake from Congo. In this scene, people are living in an iron lung. Your numbers
are a bit out. So you take a chunk of reality you want to understand and you translate it into mathematics. Ben Kacyra: Ancient wonders captured in 3D It's kind of shaped like a T, as in taking turns. Well,
we did pull through on this planet. There's no molecular test, I said we can shorten the column, we can spread it out to cover the couch. Actually, I think the bad news about kin selection is just that it
means that this kind of compassion is naturally deployed only within the family. Movements are springing up. And I found that industrial productivity can be achieved on a small scale. Why would there be crossed
wires in some people? Perhaps loss of memory is so crucial for our survival as human beings. The editor of Discover told us 10 of them, If you just change one letter in that content, you get a much better
word, much better content: free. the first face of Mount Sustainability. And these are two of the penguins' main breeding islands. I can get insight into that on a daily basis. But that's not the case. Another
example is a group of designers who were working on a surgical instrument with some surgeons. Someone made that mistake already so I can't do it anymore. I don't know where inspiration comes from. It does
not come for me from research. It's literally built in a very inexpensive way -- it is a parking garage for books. Even though it has delivered many benefits, it is based on a crazy idea -- the crazy idea
being that we can have infinite growth on a finite planet. The politics become easier as the decade progresses if you're building on a foundation of security and economic development -- the rebuilding of
prosperity. okay? We start out with nine. This is the most important thing, when we imagine that we need water for every activity in life. And as I grew up, I heard so much knowledge and so many insights
and so much wisdom come out around this table, I began to call it the wisdom table. 1958, Ghana becomes independent, so it is just over 50 years ago. Well, we on Cassini have taken an equivalent first, a
picture that no human eye has ever seen before. So, all right, we'll leave them like that. book,business,culture,entertainment,food,happiness,writing Look at what their parents says. The first computer was
really designed in the 1830s and 1840s, not the 1930s and 1940s. I appreciated the real estate values beyond everybody's expectations and the owners of the park turned me down for eight million dollars
last year, and said, "Mr. Strickland, you ought to get the Civic Leader of the Year Award because you've appreciated our property values beyond our wildest expectations. Now we're already seeing some services
that are designed to let us decide what happens to our online profile and our social media accounts after we die. and it was very unfortunate, and he said, "You know, what are these, you know, bastards
at Google doing? It's a medium-sized nucleus. But again, the question is, here you saw them on a one-to-one basis -- the pest, the natural enemy. That's a pretty good -- but there's some of you out there
that won't admit that you're makers. First of all, ambience. I have a whole TEDTalk about this. And the least popular became the most popular. I was going to be a wrestler. I had it all figured out. So that
way, if their worst fears came true, their businesses were ready. When the foragers come in with food, they just drop it into the upper chamber, and other ants come up from below, get the food, bring it
back, husk the seeds, and pile them up. I think we're going to have to have a major round of moral progress in the world. And once you've changed its state, it stays there until you change its state again. If
you don't get out of there, you're going to be exposed to lethal radiation in very short order. Here's another puzzle for all of you. Now that takes some doing, especially when you work in a hospital that
at the time saw but 14 people a night. It wasn't organized in the way we often think of it. The Grand Canyon is really simple. And when I leave here, I'm going to go back and sit in my tiny office, and my
computer, and my data. Sometimes school is under a tree, or in many cases, the teacher has only a fifth-grade education, so you need a collaborative model of learning, not just building more schools and
training more teachers, which you have to do anyway. This is where it all comes from, and where these farmers who actually, ten thousand years ago, put us on the road of bread. Now I was stupid, but not
so stupid that I turned it down. What if we could just turn off that brain for a brief amount of time, until the seizure dies away, and cause the brain to be restored to its initial state -- sort of like
a dynamical system that's being coaxed down into a stable state. You know, frankly it's a sector that many of us who work in the field worry is being endangered and possibly dismantled by technology. But
an amazing alternative energy company in Paris is taking us off the grid with solar. How long do you think it will take before you can drive home your new wally-badged Shanghai automotive super-efficient
car? And so what you can see is that just the mosquito-proofed housing, and nothing else, caused the eradication of malaria. And again, that brings us back to the importance of that spring in storing up
and releasing so much energy in this system. So the spread of good and valuable things is required to sustain and nourish social networks. One of them ended up with Beatrice's parents, He was in Cyprus right
after the Turkish invasion. Maybe there's variation in the population. Now we go from here, fast forward to 1995. The enemy didn't break a sweat doing it. I would reach out to six men from all parts of my
life and ask them to be present in the passages of my daughters' lives. It's easy to say what we don't want. And we had a rough go of it. So 500 people applied, and four were selected to actually go and tour
the facility in question, and thus inspect it and then blog about it. And it took 25 years until another city ... There is so much organic social action that the company decided to form a social responsibility
team just to support these efforts. And little moments in my life. Now I'm an economist, I'm not a doctor, but I see the God complex around me all the time in my fellow economists. Sometimes nature guards
her secrets with the unbreakable grip of physical law. I think the joke is that Khatanga isn't the end of the world, but you can see it from there. Or something like that. I just made that up. Breath does,
in fact, connect us all in a very literal way. It is sometimes referred to as Prisoner of War Camp Number 334, and it is where the Lakota now live. and this is known as the friendship paradox. So this is
the Ferraz family and the Novaes family. The other big dynamic of change is the sheer performance of underperforming asphalt. We give them these little pieces of filter paper. CA: To do all this, you must
have been a genius from the get-go, right? And this is part of a really extraordinary phenomenon, and that is the end of the Great Divergence. A: that's not me, and B: I don't even hang out with people like
that. It uses 20 percent of all your -- even though it only weighs two percent -- it uses 10 times more glucose than it should based on its weight. This is one of my favorite clips of Rosie. Other people
who are poor don't have those choices. Now, most people here would automatically say no. OK, but I want you to realize some facts. And so what I love about this story is that Rosey Grier is just such an
authentic person, Peter Molyneux demos Milo, the virtual boy If we spend less on these children but on the right services, we can take the savings and reinvest them in high quality residential care for those
few children with extremely complex needs. So, the first thing that you might notice about the mapping site is just the fluidity of the zooming and the panning, which, if you're familiar at all with Seadragon,
that's where it comes from. But there was one interesting anecdote that I found in Indonesia. That's a much higher number than in the U.S. or U.K. Once you get to Camp Four, you have maybe 24 hours to decide
if you're going to go for the summit or not. And critically, the social constraints created a culture that was more generous than the contractual constraints did. And now you want me to give up this money
and ship it to a stranger? The thing about "Jaws" is, it's really about a guy who is sort of dealing with his place in the world -- with his masculinity, with his family, how he's going to, you know, make
it work in this new town. As you know, a lot of organs are actually discarded, not used. WK: In fact, a design of the windmill that was in the book, it has got four -- ah -- three blades, and mine has got
four blades. Most people, when they first look at a fresh human brain, they say, "It doesn't look what you're typically looking at when someone shows you a brain." Typically, what you're looking at is a
fixed brain. It's gray. Now that statistic And I want to talk to you today about language loss and the globalization of English. I was having a really bad day. Citizen Kane, rose -- Audience: Rosebud. ED:
No, bud. "D"'s right. At Buddy's -- So I am a surgeon who studies creativity, and I have never had a patient tell me that "I really want you to be creative during surgery," It's about passion. We have about
90 of these right now. But I'm glad to say that I think we know the cause of all these conditions, and that cause is NDD: Nature Deficit Disorder. But the '60s inevitably gives way to the '70s, where the
cuttings of the apertures hurt a little bit more. The blossom end has fallen off by the time we eat it, but that's a basic overview of how pollination works. Once salt deposition and chemical deposition
has had its effects, that answer is more like $12,000 of cost. So I did try to take, again, a climb altitude. It should make you optimistic that smallpox no longer exists because it was the worst disease
in history. And it sort of nibbles at the core of the whole profession and all the assumptions of that medium. I'm here to talk to you about solutions. And look what they did with our beautiful, nice, simple
family game. Running along this entire 42,000 miles are tens of thousands of active volcanoes. We are running out of what we need. They worked out they were worth two billion pounds. And the answer is not
complicated but it's one which I don't want to go through here, other than to say that the communication systems for doing this are really pretty well understood. Take a look at this sentence: "One morning,
as Gregor Samsa was waking up from anxious dreams, he discovered that in his bed he had been changed into a monstrous verminous bug." And the answer is quite simple: the Chinese define these facilities
as chemical facilities, not pharmaceutical facilities, so they don't audit them. I got to drive this with a chaperone from the company, a professional race car driver, and we drove around the canyons outside
of Los Angeles and down on the Pacific Coast Highway. So if sales start to drop, then the person can identify the problem and address the issue. Again, we can't know, but we can be pretty sure that some
form of symbolic communication must have been involved. These are your ones, but you've got a few zeros thrown in. and we thought, "Well, we're real smart. How much do I stand to gain from cheating? These
are some pieces of things I used in my Sputnik feature film, which opens in New York in two weeks downtown. We also have private citizens now who have a lot of money -- Or the cult of living forever, If
only we'd watch our weight. People are racing against the machine, and many of them are losing that race. That for me is successful legacy. We need to savor smaller portions of seafood. I'm doing it right
now; you can watch me. I'm getting nervous, Well, it's notoriously difficult to get people to be farsighted. So I do encourage you all to think about which senses I would encourage you to become a cyborg. Also,
that woman who was operating the machine, the technician, is not available in Parol. We brought together cartoonists from all sides in Ivory Coast. I guess one part of me has always been a nomad, physically
and spiritually. Or Murray Hill. And this is the Murrays' house on Murray Hill, 200 years ago. This is the ocean as I used to know it. There is the story of "The Elves and the Shoemaker." And we published
a paper in Science, the first time that anybody ever described the destruction on a coral reef by a major hurricane. But now, Bangladesh -- it's a miracle that happens in the '80s: the imams start to promote
family planning. In fact this isn't just abstract. the man who surfed the wave, It's still remembered. The fall of life expectancy. We need to find more money for game design. There were about a hundred black
folks out there picking. resonances of a superstring. Now, what's really interesting here is that we're not thinking our way into a new way of acting; we're acting our way into a new way of thinking. We've
got to look at the big picture. We actually know the fishes better than we do any other group in the ocean other than marine mammals. So close your eyes. And it really informs my painting. Working with space
and the lines in space in a different way. Now, let's see if this will work. All right. Let's just watch this. And these are very exciting research areas, but it's really, really hard. On New York City's
34th Street, gridlock will soon be replaced with a connected system of vehicle-specific corridors. Then she sat me down and she looked at me and she said, "I want you to know I've been watching you." I need
you on board. I need you with me. And when you're walking up the mountain to attempt to do something which no human has ever done before, and, in fact, no fish -- there are no fish up there swimming at
5,300 meters -- When you're trying to do that, and then the bodies are coming past you, it humbles you, and you also realize very, very clearly that nature is so much more powerful And we walked up this
pathway, all the way up. What force is driving all galaxies to rush away from every other at an ever-quickening speed? By mid-century we'll be about 80 percent urban, How many of you can see all four? However,
engineers tend to look at things a little bit more Newtonian, instead of this quantum approach. And they said, "Well, you know, it's the Internet." You know, public policy and moral progress. Don't live a
life which is monotonous, mediocre, meaningless. An 18-year-old boy who uses texting for almost everything says to me wistfully, but certainly not now, I'd like to learn how to have a conversation." So,
in the opening days of 2009, a visionary president stood on the steps of the U.S. Capitol and said, "We cannot help but believe that the old hatreds shall someday pass, that the lines of tribe shall soon
dissolve, that, as the world grows smaller, our common humanity shall reveal itself." And then you hook up, and you hook up your static line. That's great, perfect for 13-year-olds. And so I was always asking
this question: "Well how could we get more kids to really love to learn?" I was a little street tough that followed Christian Slater around and badgered him. Doctor: How many are these? Why does it matter?
Who cares? In six varieties: Cheese, Light, Robusto, Rich &amp; Hearty, Old World Traditional, Extra-Chunky Garden. We think that if we could gather this and that, all the conditions, something that we say,
"Everything to be happy -- to have everything to be happy." What I have learned is two things. One: that the epidemic of violence towards women is shocking; it's global; it is so profound and it is so devastating,
and it is so in every little pocket of every little crater, of every little society, that we don't even recognize it because it's become ordinary. This journey has taken me to Afghanistan, where I had
the extraordinary honor and privilege to go into parts of Afghanistan under the Taliban -- I was dressed in a burqa -- and I went in with an extraordinary group called the Revolutionary Association of
the Women of Afghanistan, and I saw firsthand how women had been stripped of every single right that was possible to strip women of -- from being educated, to being employed, to being actually allowed
to eat ice cream. And then rework the level of the health care systems, building stronger health care systems. And imagine the mash-up, if you will, of these things, in the future, when these things come
together in the experiments of the future -- imagine that somebody puts up, say, 100 million dollars for an inspiring goal -- there were 21 gifts of 100 million dollars or more in the US last year, not
out of the question -- but only puts it up if it's matched by millions of small gifts from around the globe, And there was wheat straw and there was rice straw in this area. And I learned about profit and
revenue, about leverage, all sorts of things, from farmers, from seamstresses, from goat herders. Death penalty in America is defined by error. And then some people from Brooklyn saw it. They decided they
wanted to do the same. Today, with diabetes, what do we do? OK, so, so that was a, that was the first kind of a -- that was the first batch of products. And what's amazing, when you use this technology, for
example, looking at humans, we're not just covered in a sea of microbes. This was an animal that basically kept the forest mixed with grasslands across the entire Europe and Asian continent, from Spain
to Korea. Eventually, the government listened and, amazingly, they changed their laws. But basically, it's just a B, with four sads. Now we'd like to be able to add to a kind of glorious visual composition
that we have of the universe -- a sonic composition. For what it's worth, we went to Sagres, which was considered, at the time, to be the end of the world. So let's look at this in the context of the entire
electromagnetic spectrum, where we have gamma rays. And I understood that the building itself was a logo. But our fantasies of substitution have cost us. People talked about it twice less as it should have
been. Until you read, as I did, an ad in the Los Angeles Times. I was fascinated by this phenomenon, and we could, in fact, scan him in real time performing Ekman's FACS poses. It's easy to dismiss this as
the perhaps well-intentioned but ultimately benighted musings of an eighteenth century scientist working in the pre-Darwinian era. And in discovery phase, we asked the patent troll to please provide screenshots
of Fark where the infringement of their patent was actually occurring. T, see it's the same as F in music. And it's dependent on passive patients who just take it and don't ask any questions. Now Lesterland
looks a lot like the United States. So, who is next? Us? . They both get it wrong, though. TED Fellows,science And that's why we're investing 200 million dollars in a wide range of really disruptive new technologies
for innovation in green technologies. Given the stakes, the climate crisis clearly calls for us to act based on the precautionary principle -- the theory that holds that when human health and the environment
are significantly at risk and when the potential damage is irreversible, we cannot afford to wait for perfect scientific certainty. What about those of you who say he should be given a golf cart? And you
know, actually, all it tells you is that another person has potentially spread germs from place to place. But more importantly, they discovered edifices down there that they did not understand. I was taken
out to dinner after the contract for this little restaurant was signed. Let's listen to what happens when they get to the portion of the discussion on television. Charles Elachi: Now, moving from the play
stuff to the serious stuff, always people ask, why do we explore? Here's a question that was asked in the National Sample Survey, which is a survey asked of many Indian women: Ravin Agrawal: 10 young Indian
artists to watch They didn't want a handful of designers owning the seminal building blocks of our clothing. And this person, Mr. Ubirajara. And, in fact, he did wind up opening up -- by the way, his energy
is evidenced in other ways. Many of the talks yesterday talked about improving the quality of life, and reducing poverty, This brings up the whole thing of you've got to show kids interesting stuff. At the
same time, what's very fundamental to this market is that -- and again, an innovation that we've designed for our exchange -- is that the exchange will operate warehouses around the country, in which grade
certification and warehouse receipting will be done. These instincts are essential for survival in both real and virtual worlds. It’s not like you say, "Hey Joe, I’m having erectile dysfunction, how about
you?" So all these things have aroused a huge outcry from the Internet. it's also a question of how those organisms then turn into human disease. So this is a small crank generator. And once you have electric
motors, you can do anything: you can change the structure of the car in any way you want. There is no keyboard standard because there's no market. So with flutes, with golf carts, and even with a fiercely
contested question like same-sex marriage, Aristotle has a point. Coming closer to here, the Costa Rica Dome is a recently discovered area -- potentially year-round habitat for blue whales. Now, the academics
in this audience may think, "Well, that sounds like plagiarism." Let's go to the video, and let me show you some of these animals moving But this is the source of innovation. We passed a bunch of rules to
regulate the financial industry in response to the recent collapse. And that's happened now in a number of countries. It's essentially a village health worker, a matron. So, this is Bitu Qalandar, who was
our first experiment. MK: Can you bring up the house lights? So that's what I want to walk you through. And so I was able to calculate how far a single tree moved in a single year. The first book is called,
"The End of Print," and it was done along with a film, working with William Burroughs. And I was like, "Get the fuck out of here. That's crazy." But they said, "No, but don't show anyone," but they slipped
up. And they said that I could just type in "What was I going to say next?" and my name, and it would tell me. And I have to tell you, right now, this is an unadulterated piece of software, this is a real
Internet browser and this is an actual Google site, and we're going to test it out live today. Keep kids out of stores that look like this. They're smart. And when I picture how Democrats and Democratic-leaning
economists picture this economy, most Democratic economists are, you know, they're capitalists, they believe, yes, that's a good system a lot of the time. Goodbye, Martin Luther King. Romantic love is one
of the most powerful sensations on Earth. The whole notion, then, is one that at the interface there are physical properties in that transducer -- in this case it's pressure and touches -- that allow you
to present things to the user that you could never present before. And you can see from this map, there's this incredible geographical signature of a series of islands that were out in the harbor and a
matrix of salt marshes and beaches that served as natural wave attenuation for the upland settlement. I wasn't, like, an obsessed -- you know, get A's kind of guy. That's the vessel that we took up there
for these studies, early on, and that's what the Islands look like -- you can see in the background. The microbes on your skin can help boost your immune system. so I want you to all support the zoning changes,
the road diets, the infrastructure improvements and the retrofits that are coming soon to a neighborhood near you. And Sudhir says it's not like these guys had a very sophisticated kind of view of like,
what happened in American corporate life. I guess it may be the revenge of the guinea pig I was. Well, I'll tell you -- a lot. Underneath this, like the story of the swan, is a million things very difficult
to do. We could look across time at the same people -- people, for example, who were genetically vulnerable to schizophrenia -- and ask what the contribution of mothering, of genetics are, and we could
isolate third variables by doing experiments on the mental illnesses. We're working with some of these people. You'd think you'd be singing Leonard Cohen's "Hallelujah" out in the majesty of the ocean, not
songs about heroin addiction in New York City. One is the recession -- that the recession has caused us to rethink our relationship with the things in our lives relative to the value -- so starting to align
the value with the true cost. It's Gods and mythical creatures fighting over magical jewelry." Half the challenge is to get access, is to be in the right place at the right time. And one of my favorite robots
is Leonardo. they had become gods. Because I did all these simple things that led to ideas. And so I thought perhaps a really civilized-sounding British accent might help things a bit. If you're crossing the
street, you have sidewalk cutouts. What's learning going to be like? We know what it's like today, children pouring over with their mobile phones on the one hand and then reluctantly going to school to
pick up their books with their other hand. I felt obsolete. I mean, they're calling, but I'm not taking the call. Now, a lot of parents, when they adopt, actually want to erase their children's history. You
only want clean environments in which to function. Most Western intellectuals look at this situation and say, "Well, there's nothing for the Dalai Lama to be really right about -- really right about --
or for Ted Bundy to be really wrong about that admits of a real argument that potentially falls within the purview of science. But before I do this -- and this is another one of my pet peeves -- I want
to talk a little bit about who the poor are. And it's really so graceful; it's like a dancing angel. But maybe brainwashing isn't always bad. Well, we know that playing games together has tremendous family
benefits. And so, as we've thought about this, you know, it's become clear to us what the next stage of TED's evolution has to be. If you haven't seen this, it's pretty amazing. I was taking some part of
the objects, or any of the intuitiveness of real life, and bringing them to the digital world, because the goal was to make our computing interfaces more intuitive. So I quit my degree, I headed off to
the Himalayas, I became a monk, and I started studying meditation. Your native language is your life. Well, that's the good news. That's why, two years ago, I created the Cyborg Foundation, which is a foundation
that tries to help people become a cyborg, tries to encourage people to extend their senses by using technology as part of the body. Now, if we bring it back to deception, there's a couple of take-away
things here. It's not necessarily good for the society, but it's what the individual and the family are choosing. I had tears rolling down my cheeks. Then these two fellows came along, and they were flying
kites to develop the control systems that would ultimately enable powered human flight. The most common argument is that we need nutrients -- even though we eat, on average, twice as much protein as even
the industry-obsessed USDA recommends. The women are very good about getting mammograms now. built at MIT's Lincoln Lab. Jay Forrester was building this for the Navy, but you can't help but see that the
creator of this machine had in mind a machine that might actually be a potential media star. And so what that really means is that our structures now contain the blueprints of what we want to build. And
when it's finished, you put it vertically, and now the tea is -- you remember -- above this line and the water only comes to here -- and so it keeps the tea out. And the minute he got there, he said he
took one look at the place, asked to see the psychiatrist, said, "There's been a terrible misunderstanding. I'll tell you one quick story to illustrate what that's been like for me. It's the ascent of man
using an escalator, and it's in three parts. And I knew Mr. Dobrynin very well, and I said, "I'm going to sit beside Mrs. Gorbachev tonight. When we talked about authentic tomato sauce in the 1970s, we talked
about Italian tomato sauce. We talked about the earliest ragus, It's a cat that lives in trees, and at night it comes down and it prowls the coffee plantations. Today, productivity is at an all-time high,
and despite the Great Recession, it grew faster in the 2000s than it did in the 1990s, the roaring 1990s, and that was faster than the '70s or '80s. Speaking at LIFT 2007, Sugata Mitra talks about his Hole
in the Wall project. Young kids in this project figured out how to use a PC on their own -- and then taught other kids. He asks, what else can children teach themselves? It was a quite exciting experiment
-- when we just took the synthetic piece of DNA, injected it in the bacteria and all of a sudden, that DNA started driving the production of the virus particles that turned around and then killed the bacteria. This
is a fiber optic cable that was laid between those two cities to just be able to traffic one signal 37 times faster than you can click a mouse -- just for these algorithms, just for the Carnival and the
Knife. That was in October of 2000. And I wanted it to be the 21st of September because it was my granddad's favorite number. Explain to me what's wrong. Because we are all dependent on these water sources. She
told him and he set out the first inquiry into what today we call Dowry Dance. My name is Art Benjamin, and I am a "mathemagician." A few years ago, Professor Vaclav Smil tried to calculate the probability
of sudden disasters large enough to change history. So I'm hoping that by connecting really disparate organizations like the ONE campaign and Slow Food, which don't seem right now to have much in common,
we can talk about holistic, long-term, systemic solutions that will improve food for everyone. A huge scandal for a few weeks. and they are contributing hugely to the society. There's some in the Middle East,
the little pockets. Weightfully this self which graced the world yet never wholly itself. Now, most people in that business, in the world of testing food and such, are not dismayed when the data comes back
a mess. The mismatcher wants to mismatch. Leathery chest pads that beat the heat. He actually used that word. The second piece of bad news will be delivered to you by neuroscientists, who will tell you that
if you are older than four or five years of age, that even if you have your eye corrected, the chances of your brain learning how to see are very, very slim -- again, slim or none. And so I'm going to be
conducting a course this summer for a group of people that are nominated by different folks to come and then give it, en masse, in communities all across the country, When I was a kid, I attended Montessori
school I put to myself the question, if for a moment, we will not lack oxygen for all animal species, ours included -- that would be very complicated for us. What was my story? Thank you very much for looking
and listening. Yes, I would love to have Sophia Loren's long legs and legendary breasts. So let's explore, through a couple of examples, the impact that technologies built to drive human-computer symbiosis
have had in recent time. But in fact, they're growing faster. It was a rare gem -- a brain tumor, hemangioblastoma -- the gift that keeps on giving. One way to think about that is by counting planets. When
I arrived off the plane, after a very long journey from the West of England, my computer, my beloved laptop, had gone mad, and had -- oh! -- a bit like that! -- and the display on it -- anyway, the whole
thing had burst. We will fly where the methane is. Now I'm not here to tell you what kind of legislation you should or shouldn't support, but I am going to tell you that, if it matters to you, your legislators
need to know that. Some of you may recognize this. And now, we have a situation in which the businesses in this mall are doing four times the turnover that they had projected. So, stories have characters.
Stories have concepts. zones where Chinese could come and work, and cities grew up very rapidly there; also zones where foreign firms could come in and make things. And I'm a grown woman now, and I have
learned a few things along the way. Because meetings aren't work. Here, for over 14 or 15 years, we've actually brought in both bluefin and yellowfin in captivity. And so, I thought, if this could work, anything
could work. You don't need a designer, or a plan, or foresight, or anything else. Why don't you teach them not to waste money? That is something to keep in mind. We can't deal with it with situations like
this. The first thing they do is they decorated the ceiling. And so we actually went in. And this has to do with being happy, I swear. Our computers, our systems will be as primitive as the Apollo's are for
today. So they bring them in from the country and put them up in the dorms. I will try to explain to you about the context of why and when I posted. We sat in rows of desks like this, and we did most of our
work pretty autonomously. And the other one has arthritis of the shoulder joint, you know, it's not working very well, so it's walking like this, and we can move the arm, you know, that way. And yet, when
we look back on the printing press in the early years, we like what happened. When Steve Sillett gets up into a big Redwood, he fires an arrow, which trails a fishing line, which gets over a branch in the
tree, and then you ascend up a rope which has been dragged into the tree by the line. And I want to suggest that in the typical post-conflict situation three things are critical. The credit goes to the man
in the arena whose face is marred with dust and blood and sweat. The title was taken from the lyrics to a Jefferson Airplane song. The lyrics go, "Remember what the dormouse said. Feed your head, feed your
head, feed your head." By that, I mean intrinsically beautiful things, just something that's exquisitely beautiful, that's universally beautiful. And it was this young woman who had posted a fan video to
me, singing the soprano line to a piece of mine called "Sleep." And in particular, there's one rather strange one, in the most elegant unified theories we have. The strange one looks likes this: that we
live in a three-dimensional world. creativity,design,entertainment,storytelling,technology For me, it's kind of a feeling about the fleetingness of the present moment, and I wanted to express that. 150 years
ago I suppose the main problem in a country like ours was how young people, children, had the right to education. They work for longer hours with less income, less social welfare. And, I say that that's
fine -- the future of humanity is entitled to make that choice. and light has been around for many millions of years. They have been expanding, urbanization has been expanding, at an exponential rate in
the last 200 years so that by the second part of this century, the planet will be completely dominated by cities. AS: That was the theme: Who are you? It's your resource; it's not somebody else's. So it'll
show you GDP per capita, population, longevity, that's about it. Featured,arts,cello,entertainment,music,performance,short talk,vocals And here, in Zambia, there is peace. Nearly all of these proteins can
be explained by a single gene family, so this means that the diversity of silk types we see today is encoded by one gene family, I assembled this team of 29 people from 10 nations. I thought it best to talk
in pictures. Clarence: I would rather be able to play an instrument again than walk. My plan is to actually buy puts on the precious metal market, and then actually claim that I'm going to go out and get
one. I see, I see one way in the back. But the biggest neurological turn-on for people is other people. Tenacity is how I kept at it against all odds. It was an empty room, except for a table with a bunch
of crap on it -- some papers and scissors and stuff. I loved my grandfather. Harry Kelvin was his name, my mother's father. He died in 1986. He was an amazing guy. The world is fucked up. And then we went
to another one -- it didn't have great visuals, but it had great information -- and spent an hour talking about the learning process, because it wasn't about whether or not it was perfect, or whether or
not it was what I could create. It asked them to create for themselves, Are you ready? So at the moment of conception, they're doing little butt exercises. Babies flop out, they're flashing Mandarin flashcards
at the things. They've been building civilizational demand for their values on the grassroots, and we've been seeing those societies slowly transition to societies that are increasingly asking for a form
of Islamism. This has six carbon atoms, so "hexa," hexene-1-ol. I'm a surgeon so that's not that funny. And there are days -- I don't know about the rest of you guys -- but there are days when I palpably
feel how much I rely on other people for pretty much everything in my life. But the thing that they're actually looking for most are sessions where you go online and do online purchases in any online store. But
again, you can see this, kind of, of multiple building elements to make a thing which is whole, but breaks down into smaller parts, but in an incredibly organic way. We've just seen our first polar bears. And
he referred me to this lovely quote from the Japanese "Essays in Idleness" from the 14th century, in which the essayist wrote, "In everything, uniformity is undesirable. Meanwhile, in California, we were
trying to commercialize a lot of this stuff. It was 25 minutes of absolute terror that thousands of people across the U.S. felt. Now, typically you'd think that they would all be the same: like, the chairs
you're sitting in would all be the same dimension. Paolo, go. Last you solo. "It's a trick, it's a trick," I said. That's back when travel was easy. What are the leakages? That's happened before. About 12,000
years ago, there was a massive wave of mammal extinctions in the Americas, and that is thought to have been a virulent disease. And this was a company where I built parabolas, I took metal shop, and I remember
walking into metal shop building parabolas and Stirling engines. But he did his best, and he kept meticulous records that let him transform that branch of medicine. They toured the facility and were asked
if there were any questions, and inevitably the same question arose: "Is this plant integrated or what?" That's what perspective is all about. So that's one thing, to introduce the idea of doubt into graphics. I'm
influenced by everything I read, everything I see. So Cochrane then goes to the Germans who are running the prison camp. What we're seeing is people really wrestling to describe what is this new thing that's
happening. So we were in this meeting and the contractor literally said, "I'm going to lock the door, because this developer will not agree to have you leave till you've signed off on this." They're doing
it through an outlaw thing, the informal economy. BJ: His mother was a puppeteer. So, I created this compilation of the two: I took my skis and I took a board and I put a mast foot in there, and some foot
straps, and some metal fins, and here I was, going really fast on frozen lakes. TED Prize,art,arts,design,engineering,space Sound down, please. So, in other words, it claimed it could deliver a message before
you sent it. "You've served so well." Construction site in New York: red having this kind of emotional power that's almost an equivalent with the way in which -- What to do instead? And that's North Korea
up along the hill. The Web puts information in the form of text and images. And I can't claim for sure that the optical source brought it in, because there's bait right there. So what's the benefit? So what? Let's
try something else, maybe something a bit more relevant to today. OK, what is synesthesia? What causes it? If you cannot understand that there is something in man which responds to the challenge of this
mountain and goes out to meet it, that the struggle is the struggle of life itself upward and forever upward, then you won't see why we go. She was very tall, I would say. It's as strong and dense as teak
and it will hold up any roof. And in one generation, they're going from hunger, and all of the detrimental health effects of hunger, to obesity and things like diabetes and heart disease in one generation. Filling
in these new particles completes this pattern, giving us the full E8. And I'm already off-message. Let me tell you about one that I'm most excited about. And I think it's sort of weird to be living what Sun
Tzu said. In the European Union, they went in the other direction. Now, the trouble with just sending a bomb out for this thing is that you don't have anything to push against in space, because there's no
air. But I got sent to Jerusalem to make a film about early Christianity. This is a little hard to watch. Here is just a snapshot of some of them. I'm a bit of a health nut. So with seed-squeezers, and pumps,
and hay-balers and very straightforward things that we're designing -- my students are doing this as class projects and IDEO has donated their time to do this kind of work -- it's really amazing to see
his success, Martin's. I'm not asking you all to become Mahatma Gandhis or Martin Luther Kings, or Medha Patkars, or something like that. And I think, with a death, you have a funeral, you celebrate the
life, and there's a lot of community support, Natural gas will do everything we want it to do. So no gavage, no force feeding, no factory-like conditions, no cruelty. It's called the Bonanza Adit. It's down
in a canyon. I, as the conductor, have to come to the rehearsal with a cast-iron sense of the outer architecture of that music, within which there is then immense personal freedom for the members of the
orchestra to shine. We have a free system of bicycles called the City Bike that you can borrow if you visit the city. It's no exaggeration to say that the mobile phone may be among the world's most important
technologies. I thought that was it. This is when Cassini flew beneath Enceladus. Out of all the care I've had in hospitals and clinics around the world, the first time I've ever had a true team-based care
experience was at Legacy Good Sam these last six months for me to go get this. No matter where you look, what this is plotting is the size of the relationship between disgust sensitivity and political orientation,
and no matter where we looked, we saw a very similar effect. I would say not just biological design, but all of the design that we think of as human design. And if you think about using this in testing,
in just introducing control elements of randomness in all forms of testing and training, you can transform the levels of people's engagement by tapping into this very powerful evolutionary mechanism. When
we don't quite predict something perfectly, we get really excited about it. And one of the most important things about comics, I discovered, was that comics are a visual medium, but they try to embrace
all of the senses within it. But the magic is in this pouch of wax. I edited out the last bit when I asked, "Where is the neuron?" But then I read on and I read this: "First, Noah had never seen rain, because
prior to the flood God irrigated the earth from the ground up." It's generally where you will get if you call 311 in your city. I remember putting that film out and going to cynics. She made a decision not
to go and get a razor or a glass shard, but to devote her life to stopping that happening to other girls. So, what we've got to learn now is to find out where this planet's going at all these different
scales and work with it. They say, if you measure the temperature of the atmosphere, it isn't going up -- it's not going up at all. We've doing it very carefully now for 20 years, from satellites, and it
isn't going up. Their grim plans were evident. so you put the camp halfway through. Many students, K-12 and in universities, don't want to just sit there and listen to somebody talk. I fail all the time, every
day, and I've had some whopping failures, I promise, big, public, humiliating, embarrassing failures. Thankfully, a few years ago, things shifted for me because I heard this gentleman speak, Dr. Muhammad
Yunus. In many parts of sub-Saharan Africa, the droughts are so much worse. I have to reevaluate them, try and separate out the material things and my emotions that may be enslaving me, so that I can see
the world clearly. And that's the sad part. according to my definition of success. Whether it's mathematics or music, it takes that long to be able to begin to change something in a way that it's better than
what was there before. And if we just scroll around, it's just massive. For me, this is about exploring human limits, about exploring the limits of physiology, of psychology and of technology. They're the
things that excite me. He's collapsed in the snow here. Everything is quiet, It has also some beautiful primates. So I signed the discharge papers, and an ambulance came, paramedics came to take her home. The
other neat thing ... So Jake Cress is this furniture maker, and he makes this unbelievable set of furniture. What does it have to do with time and savings, this issue of immediate gratification? I wanted
to see how dressing biblically affected my mind. Thankfully, we have a new machine, magnetoencephalography, that allows us to do this. Here's the problem: Any serious candidate for our universe is inevitably
full of computational irreducibility. Summize built a Twitter search engine. So we're really comparing apples to apples. So a theory of biology based on natural selection requires a relational notion of what
are the properties of biological systems. And that's -- -- that's rather more challenging than all the speakers before me and all the ones coming after me. And it's got a little bit of an emotional response
here. It was big enough to be transparent to light, and that's what we see in the cosmic microwave background that George Smoot described as looking at the face of God. Now at the time, I was working down
the street. That's what Europe and North America represented. And, you know, I wrote a book. So I'll say something -- and the members of our parliament don't want to change this, and this is why they can't
sign the U.N. convention against foreign bribery -- one of they very, very few countries which is preaching honesty and good governance everywhere in the world, but not able to ratify the convention, which
we managed to get on the books with about 160 countries all over the world. And then we get to uranium. Here's another way to look at exactly the same problem. The Internet was that amorphous blob, or it
was a silly black box with a blinking red light on it. I'm now pushing my luck: I'm skipping right to six cups. And, to be fair, rules are often imposed because previous officials have been lax and they
let a child go back to an abusive household. They have way too many motions for their joints, too many muscles. Even the simplest animal we think of, something like an insect, and they have more neurons
and connections than you can imagine. The causes of our present woes are political. And I really say, "No." I mean, women can navigate through the world just as well as males can -- and why wouldn't they?
However, this is the one illusion that women can consistently do better than males: in matching which head because they rely on fashion cues. They can match the hat. I wanted him to get an experience in
the Islamic world and I also wanted him to -- I was going there to work with a group, do a story on a group called the Kalash, We're looking at some very interesting developments in our work. 13th Man: After
seven years now of being in a wheelchair, I've done more in life being in a chair than out of a chair. Well it's predominantly because metals are very easy to recycle from other materials and from one another. Normally,
efficiency is crucial because the fuel cost of your engine over its life dwarfs the cost of the engine. For example, communality applies most naturally within family or friends, but it can be used to try
to transfer the mentality of sharing to groups that ordinarily would not be disposed to exercise it. 1.8 billion times a day, that tune is played. You had a monopoly supplier. On the left, you have Rupert
Murdoch, or the BBC. In fact, those 15 million cellphones are the most connections that any country, including the U.S. and China, has ever established in the history of telecommunications. The trickiness
about the reaction is that tritium doesn't exist in nature. If you went head-tail-head-tail-head, you can cunningly get two occurrences of the pattern in only five tosses. Now how can we think about health
behaviors to think about savings? Walt Whitman also did this back in the day, before there was Internet technology. Sock Puppet becomes interesting when we get to scale, which is the domain of the Chinese
Water Army. any man-made structures around you. They had high, or very high, child mortality and family size, six to eight. In the 1930s, Richard Kelly was the first person to really describe a methodology
of modern lighting design. Getting the creative juices flowing on this continent, much of what you have seen here. We have secularized badly, I would argue. But at least on coral reefs are systems where there
is a bottom component with structure. So when a passive object like this one seems to be alive, because it is starting to move. culture,demo,global issues,health care,invention,peace,prosthetics,science,technology,war And
as he watched the disease unfold, he was able to discover that actually the motor neurons were dying in the disease in a different way than the field had previously thought. There was another kind of cell
that actually was sending out a toxin and contributing to the death of these motor neurons, and you simply couldn't see it until you had the human model. then there is another 40 years that's really reserved
for working. I think that's cheap, at the price. As you look at these two columns here, doesn't it make you feel like it's time for us to start figuring out a new way to count, a new way to imagine what's
important to us in life? Simplicity: We know it when we see it -- but what is it, exactly? In this funny, philosophical talk, George Whitesides chisels out an answer. I must tell you I am like that, not
very comfortable, because usually, in life, I think my job is absolutely useless. And the Balinese carpenters want to be as modern as we do, so they use metal scaffolding to build the bamboo building and
when the scaffolding came down, we realized that we had a cathedral, a cathedral to green, and a cathedral to green education. And this is another example in a healthcare environment of some doctors and
some nurses and designers acting out a service scenario around patient care. If you want to take on the identity of Sharon Boone, one American female marketing executive from Hoboken, New Jersey. It's a
full dossier on everything you would need to know about Sharon Boone. And the second part of the explanation is that she suffered an incredibly unlikely event. And this was actually the least interesting
part of the work, you know, the design process. We needed an input; we needed continuous tracking; So I was thinking, you know, this station that's hated by so many people has to be doing something right. And
this might sound antisocial to you, but for us it was really just a different way of being social. We then have these coders look at these tapes, four of them. But a trained liespotter can spot a fake smile
a mile away. So we also face risks. We have a brilliant Secretary of War. We use a lot of search. These are the kids who now, one semester in, I can put something on the board, totally new, totally foreign,
and they'll have a conversation about it for three or four minutes more than they would have at the start of the year, which is just so fun. Because I wanted to let them know every day of their life that
they have value at this place I call my center. We take our children, we make them shut their brains down, and then we say, "Perform." For example, among the Greenland Norse -- a competitive rank society
-- what the chiefs really wanted is more followers and more sheep and more resources to outcompete the neighboring chiefs. And that led the chiefs to do what's called flogging the land: overstocking the
land, forcing tenant farmers into dependency. And that made the chiefs powerful in the short run, but led to the society's collapse in the long run. It's about this really. Every year for the incoming freshman
class at MIT, I have a periodic table made that says, "Welcome to MIT. Now you're in your element." You may remember this as the AOL-Time Warner merger, okay, heralded at the time as the largest single
deal of all time. What you see over here, this is the beautiful Louis Vuitton Cup trophy. So to say that the public education system in Bertie County is struggling would be a huge understatement. And even
more -- and this is something that one can be really amazed about -- is what I'm going to show you next, which is going underneath the surface of the brain and actually looking in the living brain at real
connections, real pathways. And so then I went out to develop a whole series on the landscape of oil. And then they said, "But wait a minute. You just looked through that manual and you found ... " and he
said, "Oh, but that's not reading." And on this dating site that I have created, called Chemistry.com, I ask you first a series of questions to see to what degree you express these chemicals, and I'm watching
who chooses who to love. And they, then, never get any positive feedback. This is a map which was finished at the Harvard Business School. The State still matters. I can hardly bark out instructions while
we're playing. No water, no life; And what you can see straight away is you start to have a different relationship to the numbers. So there's huge leverage for making the car a lot lighter. Similarly, infrastructure
-- Daphne Koller: What we're learning from online education And everybody says -- I say -- it's an education project. And I'm thinking, "Oh yeah, the square root of the length is proportional to its period." So
I invite you to explore the opportunities. It's 27 kilometers in circumference. It's the biggest scientific experiment ever attempted. But these three people don't know each other, but they do have an awful
lot in common. The engineering approach simply says, "Let's go and periodically repair all of these various types of damage -- not necessarily repair them completely, but repair them quite a lot, so that
we keep the level of damage down below the threshold that must exist, that causes it to be pathogenic." So essentially, the mobile phone gives us a connected multimedia platform. In some inchoate, inarticulate
way I realized that there was something wrong with my work, with me. They made it, but they eventually published a simplified design. but in 2003, when the war in Iraq was about to start, it was a very surreal
feeling for me because before the war started, there was kind of this media war that was going on. So either you sub-optimize your needs to a larger scale or else you remain out. A squirrel had in fact chewed
on my Internet. So I have hope that in the future, the prophetic words of George Carlin will be realized, who said, "My philosophy: No pain, no pain." It's pretty hot. This is not a philosophy. I got out of
the car, and I stood up, and it was a coal-mining town. I did a 360 turnaround, and that became one of the most surreal landscapes I've ever seen. My hope is that over time, by tracking people's moment-to-moment
happiness and their experiences in daily life, we'll be able to uncover a lot of important causes of happiness, and then in the end, a scientific understanding of happiness will help us create a future
that's not only richer Thank you. It was so successful in evolution that from mouse to man it expanded about a thousandfold in terms of the numbers of neurons, to produce this almost frightening And it
has not stopped its evolutionary path. And I just couldn't quite accept that. To spatially denote the pedestrian realm, to protect the pedestrians from the vehicles in the carriageway, to filter the sunlight
onto the sidewalk, and to soften the hardscape of the buildings and to create a ceiling -- a vaulted ceiling -- over the street, at its best. And that's it. Those are the four jobs of the street trees. They
actually stick by intermolecular forces alone, van der Waals forces. As you can see, that's a pinhead. Well if cancer can be caught early, enough such that someone can have their cancer taken out, excised
with surgery, I don't care if it has this gene or that gene, or if it has this protein or that protein, it's in the jar. And I was struck by going to so many, one after the other, with some clarity of what
it was that I was longing for. So he'll take, say, falcon skin cells, fibroblast, turn it into induced pluripotent stem cells. I think it's quite apt. It's our empathy, it's our tuning in which separates
us from Machiavellians or sociopaths. In fact, this land is designated for recreational all-terrain vehicle use. She had come seeking serious investment dollars so that she could build the factory and buy
the equipment she needs to export her chocolates to Africa, Europe, the Middle East and far beyond -- capital that would help her to employ more than the 20 people that she already has working for her,
and capital that would fuel her own country's economic climb. BF: Richard you tell him, it's your last year. There will be the smaller planets, and there will be the big planets, even back to the time of
Epicurus and then of course Copernicus and his followers. Increasing evidence is that being bilingual is cognitively beneficial. Now, as mentioned before, one of the reasons I can talk to you about this
is because there's no non-disclosure agreement on this case. How can we honestly and genuinely encourage more people to vote when votes don't count in Canada? Maybe we shouldn't wait for the 10 or 15 years
for this to happen. And it turns out I've got the Devil inside of me. Then, Uganda started to turn back, and some years later South Africa had a terrible rise of HIV frequency. I can't believe that these
people, years after my brother had died, helped me answer the question about whether an operation I did, and spent millions of dollars on years ago, worked or not. In 1989, a large asteroid passed 400,000
miles away from Earth. His job, then, was to become Benjamin. It's such fun! That's just a decade away. Just yesterday, we were having our family meeting, and we had voted to work on overreacting. I told him
one of the reasons that his uncle was remembered is because he said we're going to send a man to the moon, and we'll do it by the end of the decade. And here she has our damned data -- it's a pun -- which
is starting to break out, starting to break through -- And in fact, I want to do a little something improvisational for you here. Google is a company born of idealism. Step one: woman says, "I want to have
a baby. Iskam baby." And they range from the famous ones that I had heard of -- The Ten Commandments, love your neighbor, be fruitful and multiply. But in the whole county there is no coffee shop, there's
no Internet cafe, there's no movie theater, there's no bookstore. So I posed this question to him: How can we get 100 million people translating the Web into every major language for free? It's everywhere,
it's all around you, and the space is wobbling chaotically. It's hard, but it is necessary. which is the oil, the diamond, the gold and the land. There's a hot sauce otaku, but there's no mustard otaku. Here's
a magazine called "Hydrate." It's 180 pages about water. I go in their homes. And we do this worldwide, and we follow them around town with video cameras. That's your job as a storyteller, is to hide the
fact that you're making them work for their meal. So, if you can see here, you know, that program you're seeing in the corner, if you spread it out, it's all these things all at once. His vision was to enable
man and machine to cooperate in making decisions, controlling complex situations without the inflexible dependence on predetermined programs. What is wrong with the people that we have chosen? It was done
in South Africa. and yet, like many family reunions, it's not all peace and light. He called it, "an impatience with irresolution." if you want a meaningful and successful job. Anita Roddick is another one
of these CEOs we interviewed. You've got to do cars in the rain; you've got to do cars in the snow. But just go to the Web, YouTube, pull it down, "folding T-shirt." That's how underpaid younger-aged people
have to fold your T-shirt. It's really a pretty amazing invention if you think about it. Can you tell us how it worked? I get all my clothes secondhand from flea markets and thrift stores. Why don't you celebrate
them, and make the underpasses landmarks?" Where there is this much legal smoke, there is likely to be some fire. I'm walking across campus. Cop comes and looks at me and says, "You! You're a student." We
don't need animal products, and we certainly don't need white bread or Coke. And this also happened, so I have five daughters now. But what he said was really significant, is that design was going to be
why the kids were going to love this product, And it's going to deny us the information that we need to make wise decisions about how to use these technologies. but it should be your biological first name
and last name. The napalm is burning there quite nicely. So the higher up the image, the more evidence there is for each supplement. Well, as a social scientist, this is the most amazing thing I have ever
even dreamed of. Now, I can look at all those words that used to, for millennia, disappear. Every culture is trying to understand itself: "Why do we exist?" And every culture comes up with its own understanding
of life, its own customized version of mythology. CA: You didn't turn out too bad, I have to say, I'm ... Ladies and gentlemen, a picture is not worth a thousand words. When I start to pretend that what I'm
seeing isn't impacting me, and isn't changing my heart, then I get in trouble. Because when you spend a lot of time going from place to place, country to country, and city to city, the degree to which
women, for example, are violated, and the epidemic of it, and the kind of ordinariness of it, is so devastating to one's soul that you have to take the time, or I have to take the time now, to process
that. They had become one, pushing me to triumph. And so when I started traveling and going to these museums, I started learning a lot. But now look at our world. And we are living in a world that is -- where
religion has been hijacked. Where terrorists cite Quranic verses to justify their atrocities. So no one actually needs to muck up the production of sound with wire vibrations. When it asked people to rate
it on terms of the quality of the working alliance, people rated the robot higher and they trusted the robot more. The torture was good. Wasn't it good torture? This can do 5,000 people a year, which is
10 percent of their population, and it's people on people. communication,global issues,iraq,military,news,politics,technology It's going to be everywhere we look -- where there are planetary systems that
can possibly support it. There was one person in the contractors who was the right size -- and it wasn't a child -- who could fit between them for the final waterproofing of the building. To be a man means
not to be a girl. We just have to find them the right place. This is home improvement: All we have to do is to listen to the people that we are supposed assist, to make them part of the decision-making process
and then, of course, to adapt. This is about one percent of the total population. She pulled up the CD. So you don't need to go into the recent calls list, so if you're trying to get through to somebody,
just hit the call button again. So at this point, it's primarily an issue of cost and standards. I've been sending out valentines on a fairly large scale since 2005. These are my valentines There's all these
elegant work in the tissue culture dishes, that if you give this cancer drug, you can do this effect to the cell, but the doses in those dishes are nowhere near the doses that happen in the body. CA: How
much electricity? Emily Pilloton: Teaching design for change So what should we do about it? the passionate discovery, the bones of dinosaurs long gone, the maps of space that we’ve experienced, and ultimately
the hallways that stimulate our mind and our imagination. They're starting to find new mathematical structures And they're understanding more about quantum mathematics. Approaching a peak radar altitude
of 96,863 feet, at 4:12 p.m., Helios is standing on top of 98 percent of the Earth's atmosphere. This square might look very square and prim. We also used straw bale infill for our library, which has zero
embodied energy. This feud has been going on since 1991 in Northeast Brazil in Pernambuco, and it involved the deaths of 20 members of the families and 40 others associated with the feud, including hired
hit men, innocent bystanders Tensions between these two families date back to 1913 when there was a dispute over local political power. And this is exactly what you expected, isn't it? And he turned to my
mother, and he said, "You haven't told her yet?" Disaster relief is essentially a backwards political campaign. My first spoken word poem, packed with all the wisdom of a 14-year-old, was about the injustice
of being seen as unfeminine. We are missing the story of Fareeda, a music teacher, a piano teacher, in Sarajevo, who made sure that she kept the music school open every single day in the four years of besiege
in Sarajevo and walked to that school, despite the snipers shooting at that school and at her, and kept the piano, the violin, the cello playing the whole duration of the war, with students wearing their
gloves and hats and coats. You may not believe that we achieve enlightenment in one lifetime, but we do. How far can we take it? Sometimes the monkeys get no bonus -- so this is a bonus of zero. It's one millimeter
long, but it looks like Godzilla next to these micromachines. It binds us into teams that circle around sacred values but thereby makes us go blind to objective reality. Now, it's not that chemicals are
not important in psychiatric disorders. One project that explores these ideas, which was made about a year ago, is a piece called We Feel Fine. Now that's a big claim. I'm going to try to back it up. He says,
"You look like a mermaid, but you walk like a waltz." Actually, there was an appeal worldwide for new detectors in the where they're needed to produce, which is mainly in the developing world. I'll tell
you what happened. So these functions were known for these hormones for a long time, but our studies suggested that maybe they had a third function that nobody knew about -- maybe they also affect aging. On
the contrary, they'll demonstrate that atheists are often the kinds of people that could serve as decent role models for your children, the kinds of people an advertising agent could use to recommend a
product, the kinds of people who are sitting in this room. And of course, we human beings are way out on the end of the distribution like the crows. We shoot all of these photographs in about three seconds. I
think we want it to carry on. They could not tell you about the ink of their own love letters. She calculated the up-front cost and the payback over time, and it's a net-plus on so many levels for the local,
national and global economy. If you really want to do it you have to do it." Anna Deavere Smith: Four American characters And of course the spirit people have a little miniature village in their village,
right? So it's more disordered. I think this is a reasonable sequence of events that happened in the progression of the technology of powered flight. And you have huge differences within countries also. In
addition, you can see from the diagram on the right, the underpart of the slide would be an electromagnet. The expected value of this lottery is two dollars; this is a lottery in which you should invest
your money. So, I asked the translator why she thought she was dying. Every education system in the world is being reformed at the moment and it's not enough. And then they're going to tell their story in
strict chronological order. At times, they are complimented by negotiated settlements, or at least cease-fire agreements, and peacekeepers are deployed. We stay because of the fear that what pushed us into
the camp ... So the question is, we know how to hold government accountable. That would create the conditions for world peace. You think the A.U. will put together a conference like this? I feel, still, a
very strong connection of love for all of these people and for the land. How about artistic beauty? He had to sit on a cushion, stand still, not move, because it was very painful. What you find is nine countries
around the world that have significant native populations which speak both futureless and futured languages. So we had a dance, and girls and their fathers came in multitudes. The ammonia evaporates and
it re-condenses in the other side. Now, people like getting their names on things, on craters on the moon or new species of animals. And another claim that they make -- you'll love this one -- the more dilute
the medicine is, they say, the more powerful it is. Anyway, so I'd like your help in getting that signed up. And the pain is not the problem: it’s the symptom. And throughout the book, there's over an hour
of documentary footage and interactive animations. Amy Smith: A couple of other things that we're working on are looking at ways to do low-cost water quality testing, so that communities can maintain their
own water systems, know when they're working, know when they treat them, etc. Well, you probably recognize the first person. In contrast, there's no relationship between being unhappy now and mind-wandering
a short time later. He adds some more. He adds some more. And then something weird happens. I know the ins and outs of those ingredients. It's the basis of growing a form of social innovation that has real
potential. According to relevant researchers, 83 percent of the population of this planet lives in the societies without independent press. And now we take the power of data and take every time my son ever
heard the word water and the context he saw it in, and we use it to penetrate through the video and find every activity trace that co-occurred with an instance of water. Japan is rather different though. And
they're not embarrassed by a meds caddy that's ugly, that sits on their kitchen table and says, "I'm old. I'm frail." I wanted to save the world and then make everyone happy. I think my mother now thinks
that I'm some sort of interior decorator. OK, I'm not going to spend too much time on that, but what I want to talk about is some of the disconnects that appear when an author publishes a book that in fact,
the publishing process -- just because of the fact that it's complicated, it's heavy, books are expensive -- creates a sort of a wall between authors of books and the ultimate users of books, be they teachers,
students or just general readers. Plus, why would Santa save time by having to loop back to our house after he'd gone to everybody else's? This last view of cosmology is called the relational view. So I'm
the living product of two cultures coming together. They've come to stay? But in practice, how do you do it? What does this mean and what are we going to do?" And I took the group and got people to focus
on: if you didn't lose somebody today, your focus is going to be how to serve somebody else. There are people -- then one woman got up and she was so angry and screaming and yelling. The first, at the patient
level -- mothers and babies keeping babies from getting HIV, keeping mothers healthy to raise them. And the Dead Sea is obviously much lower than the oceans and seas around it. And yet the politicization
of Never Again, the operationalization of Never Again, had never occurred in the 20th century. This is the Jewish version of the same story. Basically, what he does is, he has all these services for micro-payments
and booking tickets and all kinds of basic things that you would go online for, but he does it for people offline and connects to the digital world. They put a big screen up, and they take you through everything:
"and then you didn't do this, and you didn't do this, etc." And this can be a problem, as I learned. The report finished and Abed spoke. And she's out there. And this is not an ability; it's a drive and a
motivation. The conscious mind hungers for success and prestige. I mean, nearly 100 percent. Yeah, by sharing needles. I was playing nice. I had to write the orchestra bits, right? I expected him to be incoherent,
but, in fact, he walked into the tent and said to me, "Hi, Ken. Where should I sit?" But they also saw in it that people were getting rich for doing nothing. When I was a kid, it was more than 50 percent
rainforest. And Gene, who's lying on the floor, says, "Man, we've got to soak towels." I said, "What?" Portions can be opened, so you can now actually have motorcycles drive directly into the performance,
or you can even just have an open-air performance, or for intermissions. It's sort of dull-colored. And it's fairly common. The stories were so compelling that I decided to write a book about them. We're
sort of on this line in a transition from the way the world used to be to some new way that the world is. You can direct what color that product will be, perhaps what material. And it’s actually something
that we invented a few years ago, or created a few years ago. Although she may not know this, my encounter with Celine has completely changed the way in which I view HIV clinical trials in developing countries,
and made me even more determined to be part of the movement to change the way in which things are done. Sticking wires into the brain is obviously rather crude. But in '96, I made my last piece. It was in
black and white, monochrome, fully monochrome, all in integer mathematics. It's like the Earth doesn't care what we need. With all that other stuff going on, it would be amazing if our behavior didn't change. So,
that's the second path. The first path, positive emotion. Oddly, I had been to many of these places before. My understanding of the course is that it covers quite a lot. And that is what the Copenhagen Consensus
is really trying to do -- to try to put prices on these issues. I see it in our business leaders. So he said, "I'll assume that if you have one cot death in a family, the chance of a second child dying from
cot death aren't changed." And we wanted to figure this out, because if we could figure that out, then we might be able to prevent that resistance from ever happening. I think that was his greatest quality. I
showed some people a picture of Tom, and a picture of Jerry. That's a juvenile. We are one species of about five and a half thousand mammalian species that exist on planet Earth today. The wiring from your
sensory apparatus to those bits is shorter than the bits that have to pass through the thinky bit, the cortex. Another role that I like to take on is that of the performance artist. And at Pittsburgh there
are two big universities, Carnegie Mellon and University of Pittsburgh. These are the faces of the children that I have tested with stories just like Justin. and they're all ready to serve you at an hour's
notice with an excellent meal that's probably got higher quality than Louis XIV even had. My father was a city worker all of his life, and my mother was a stay-at-home mom. And we try to do this for as long
as possible. And also because that's where, in terms of our own self-interest, we finally begin to grasp our ability to respond, our responsibility to the rest of the world. Alison Jackson looks at celebrity And
as a chemist, we're not used to profound questions every day. If you make it slip a huge amount, this is what we discovered. You know, we always think that hey, there are these idealized versions, people
are just showing the best things that happened in their lives. I've thought that many times. We go into the Cold War, and we continue to try and build walls. When a language dies, we don't know what we lose
with that language. James Nachtwey, who was honored at last year's TED, took a look at the sweep of the medical system that is utilized to handle the American wounded coming out of Iraq. Only one of whom
had ever seen the plans before. These mechanisms, these facilities are not in the gift of Craigslist or Gumtree or Yahoo, they're controlled by the state. You don't schedule an eight-hour meeting with Outlook. Is
it because their weapons weren't accurate? When people say nothing can change, just stop and think what the world was like 10, 20, 50, 100 years ago. And this is the first theater project I worked on. culture,philanthropy,philosophy,writing So
we're spending less than 5 dollars an hour on the educational system. I used the word postmodern as if it were OK. But sometimes, like today, we fall, we fall so fast, so fast to shadow, we fall so fast
to barbaria. It's very hard to find any example of abstract language that is not based on some concrete metaphor. ELA: So culturomics is what we call this method. And among the answers that you can get from
this skeleton are included: first, this skeleton documents, for the first time, how infants looked over three million years ago. I'm here because I have a very important message: I think we have found the
most important factor for success. each one willing to spend an hour or two on something they really care about, to say, this is good. So, this is the Open Directory Project, with 60,000 volunteers, each
one spending a little bit of time, as opposed to a few hundred fully paid employees. No one owns it, no one owns the output, it's free for anyone to use and it's the output of people acting out of social
and psychological motivations to do something interesting. I just had to go and build another machine. And what we're learning is going to shed some light on what the romantic writers and poets described
as the "celestial openness" of the child's mind. Do you know, we're bringing little babies into a world where, in many places, the water is poisoning them? So if I have to kind of summarize very quickly
in the short time I have what the sort of bottom line of what I take away from the gang is, is that if I had to draw a parallel between the gang and any other organization, it would be that the gang is
just like McDonald's. I mean, here you have these guys who basically thought they were just following this hunch, this little passion that had developed, then they thought they were fighting the Cold War,
and then it turns out they're just helping somebody find a soy latte. Joseph Bell was an extraordinary teacher by all accounts. You know the words I mean? Most of the cooperative systems we've seen haven't
been around long enough to have gotten to the acceptance phase. It was our last resort. TEDxFeatured,astronomy,science,technology And all of the research we have indicates that most Americans too, except
for a few people who happen to live in certain places in New York, right? Julian Treasure: The 4 ways sound affects us You just snap them in half, and you squeeze it out. So, the fabric of the brain, even
though your brain may be smaller, bigger, it may have different types of neurons, different morphologies of neurons, we actually do share And we think this is species-specific, which means that that could
explain why we can't communicate across species. You don't have to have a military that is either in hard combat or is in the barracks. And basically we took hay and crab apples and made barbecue sauce out
of those two ingredients. Tod Machover of MIT's Media Lab is devoted to extending musical expression to everyone, from virtuosos to amateurs, and in the most diverse forms, from opera to video games. He
and composer Dan Ellsey shed light on what's next. Well, as an environmentalist, we would rather that didn't happen. And it's hard not to think that part of what leads to this sense of isolation is our modern
world. Woman: If Dan were a brand, he might be a classic convertible Mercedes Benz. And that's what I came to study. Now that's not just deaf children. That could be any child who's got a cold, glue ear,
an ear infection, even hay fever. On a given day, one in eight children fall into that group, on any given day. That, by the way is Haifa Wehbe. She's a Lebanese pop star and pan-Arab pin-up girl. And then
I realized that I had made it to 16:32. Actually, in German, it's nein nein. And so Lucifer descends into hell, becomes Satan, becomes the devil, and the force of evil in the universe begins. How can we go
to a greater battle?" As the sign said back there, "without limitations." And back to the yew here. About two months ago, I had the great breakthrough -- one of my great, kind of shining achievements -- which
is that my website finally became a top result for "Steven Johnson." And this is the way in which living materials make the most of their local resources in a sustainable way. Secondly, and just as important,
innovation has always been fueled by tinkerers. Zach Kaplan and Keith Schacht demo toys from the future The really tiny hamburger, the really big vegetables. "But it's the goodness of Huck, that stuff that
Huck's been made of, you see, all been buried; it's all been buried. How do you have people realizing that they have a vision problem? So none of this mishegas of letting everybody go into whatever car they
want. And I think I want to talk a little bit about why we had the courage to go out and try that as a small company. The lowest amount we ever got was 20 cents. This is more the direction that we're going
to go. So our theory is that eventually we should be doing this with homes. And in that amount of memory someone programmed a full flight simulation program. And that's because in Middle World, air friction
is always there. And this is so infuriating and humiliating for the population of Afghanistan, that it makes the recruitment for al-Qaeda very easy, when people are so disgusted by, for example, the burning
of the Koran. And occasionally, there are disasters. "Like we're a bunch of elitist, morally-corrupt terrorist-lovers." You folks, I'm going to show you these two teas, but you don't have a choice. and they
brought her back to life. He's managed to grab a tip of these worms. Of course, digital video is cheap now. That's because they're spirit people. It's the ancestors. Then the dinosaurs, being social, act out
their socialness, which is obviously a sort of evolution of the ideas of some of our heroes. It's actually a Bronze Age culture that's been isolated. It has a shock absorber in it so it, like, "Shhhh," makes
this neat sound when you jump around on it. All right. African farmers only use some 22 kilograms of fertilizer per hectare, compared to 144 in Asia. A photo is not enough." It's a Saul Steinberg of course
-- it was a New Yorker cover. I'll be very short on genetic algorithms. Have a look. they reached one to two percent. They're hardwired for struggle when they get here. People say, oh, do that. An astrologer
tells me to do something. I'm here as a voice of the victims and survivors of human trafficking. I'm trying to do this in English. TED Prize,TED2009,arts,culture,education,entertainment,global issues,music,philanthropy,poverty In
the left femur, the left thigh bone, there's another one. What you need to know is that the children and the adults deserve flowers in their life. This potential is not for the lucky few. And most kids do. But
the solution is animal tissue because it's plentiful, it's cheap, you can get it from young, healthy tissues, but the barrier is immunology. Because they had the sense that declining wages are worse than
rising wages, even when the total amount of wages is higher in the declining period. Here's another nice example. Didn't matter." Whatever. Denmark, we have a national bird, the swan. And after five minutes,
this is what you see: just a typical dead corpse, shriveled, sucked-out, dead corpse of the spider mite, and next to it, two satiated individuals of predatory mites, a mother on the left-hand side, a young
nymph on the right-hand side. It's scratch.mit.edu, and give a try at coding. They say, "Oh, yeah. They're always talking about that stuff. Just as the brain came out of chaos at the beginning, it's going
back into chaos in the end. It is something more than that. And if we want to avoid "success-to-failure-syndrome," we just keep following these eight principles, because that is not only how we achieve success,
it's how we sustain it. If you do, it will be removed immediately, removed by people who may have disagreed with the original decision, but respect the outcome and work to make it stay because they believe
in something bigger than their own opinion. You basically need intelligence, you need an ability to sit still and focus, to communicate openly, to be able to listen to people and to operate in a workplace
that is much more fluid than it used to be, and those are things that women do extremely well, as we're seeing. Contagious is a good word. So much peace in one place? And in 2008 I entered again in Japan,
Tokyo, and I won again. It can only be Jehovah. We were couch potatoes because that was the only opportunity given to us. Look, ours is more red, it's longer. They need your compassion. I couldn't find it. That
there's really a fabrication and an instrumentation divide bigger than the digital divide. And one of the things Father Keene told me when I came back from one of these trips -- Hyun-Sook had chosen the
name Natasha, which I understood was from her watching a "Rocky and Bullwinkle" cartoon on the American Air Force station. As he was nearing his death, his disciples and followers kept asking him, "What's
the secret? As you know, one leg of the compass is static, rooted in a place. You can't be successful at everything. and we then are able to send that information, as you see here, through the computer and
actually design the organ that they seemed to come on by themselves, or disappear. E: Then let me go. Not with much success. It was very difficult actually, putting these people in the machine, because they
were in such bad shape. There are now studies clearly showing that the wars are terrible, that rapes are terrible, They have in-built bidet nozzles for a lovely, hands-free cleaning experience, and they
have various other features like a heated seat and an automatic lid-raising device which is known as the "marriage-saver." This is called "Limit Out." And so this would be the typical talk I would give. Before
we knew each others' names, or anything, we had embraced and wept. That is my wish, my third wish. And with current reactor technology we really don't have very much uranium. So, there was a sixth of a turn.
A third of a turn where the Z pieces meet. And the half a turn is halfway between the six pointed stars. But here I am. There's now a new research project underway at the Karolinska in Sweden to prove that
hypothesis. But my favorite statistic is that 100 out of the 250 participants did not want their keys back. Now I'd like to say I woke up one morning and said, "I'm going to write about collaborative consumption,"
but actually it was a complicated web of seemingly disconnected ideas. Some of the highlights were things like "The Terminator," "Aladdin," the "Teenage Mutant Hero Turtles." Bombers, fighters go over here. For
even in my own life, there are memories I have that are difficult to explain -- happenings that are so odd and unaccountably weird, that it is difficult to imagine they were not the result of prolonged
and frequent contact with aliens throughout my life. I've seen them do it from a village called Diggles in northwestern England, deep inside a village in Tamil Nadu, India, 6,000 miles away. And so he looked
very dubious, Asanga did. solidifying into surface, molded by fire. Maybe I can work tomorrow, but I don't know if and when yet." But with synthetic biology, we can actually imagine engineering this bacterium
to produce something that gives us the quality, quantity and shape of material that we desire. We train pharmaceutical technicians for the pharmacy industry, Imagine spraying the precursors to a PV cell,
to a solar cell, onto a roof, and having it self-assemble into a layered structure that harvests light. Lots of you can afford to buy one of these. Okay, now, every single one of you knows this. Audience:
Soap. SB: Soap, yeah. What else do you see? In the core, we have thermonuclear reactions going on, creating chemical elements. So let's cut to the chase. It's because we don't think rocks can suffer. And
if we're more concerned about our fellow primates than we are about insects, as indeed we are, it's because we think they're exposed to a greater range of potential happiness and suffering. But they can
do pretty amazing things, too. There were a couple large, sweaty men with chainsaws standing in the center of the church, but nobody knew where to send them because no one knew the extent of the damage
yet. JE: And tell us a little bit about what you're doing. 40 years later, aero experts coined the term transonic. What's needed really is a higher level of consciousness. And that was what I did. Now for an
intelligent being like our fly, this policy is not written in stone but rather changes as the animal learns from experience. Take it apart with your kid, or send him to my school and we'll take it apart
with them. So we may be able to go beyond that when thinking about this system that I'm showing you, and that is to say we need to think in terms of the water, the fresh water, which is also going to be
an issue in the future, and we're working on methods now for recovering the waste water. "So, I told them that your birthday was on September 10, and then I wasn't sure that you weren't just going to go
blab it all over the place, so I started to tell you your birthday was September 10. Stanley McChrystal: Listen, learn ... then lead I think this is an interesting question. So, how can we take this and bring
them a tool that they can go back and they can engage the medical system? So we did it. Okay? So when I started in neuroscience 11 years ago, I had trained as an electrical engineer and a physicist, and
the first thing I thought about was, if these neurons are electrical devices, all we need to do is to find some way of driving those electrical changes at a distance. all the cards are face down -- you
agree? And here's the whole code of Pac-Man, visualized with all the go-to, go-back-to, also made into a beautiful choreography. Plant this small seed, wait 2,000 years, and you get this: the Lost Monarch. These
are the data. You failed the pop quiz, and you're hardly five minutes into the lecture. Which was very controversial, but it resonated with a lot of people. And Cantor decided he was going to take a line
and erase the middle third of the line, and then take those two resulting lines and bring them back into the same process, a recursive process. And I think that character is much more important than what
you are perceived to be. And here he is six years later, Guinness, with his very happy owner. Later, I joined the World Bank, which sought to fight such poverty by transferring aid from rich to poor countries. Now,
for Galois, there was actually a sixth symmetry. And when I realized and really understood that my self is a projection and that it has a function, a funny thing happened. The idea was that if you had a
cubicle, you could project a sky on top of your head and have your own "Cielo in Una Stanza" -- a sky in a room -- Allow many people to come in. The question then is, what would that actually mean for the
time frame until we get to the milestone I talked about earlier for humans? flight,innovation,military,science,technology So it's very clear that if you look at these numbers or all the other numbers that
I talk about in my book, "World 3.0," that we're very, very far from the no-border effect benchmark, which would imply internationalization levels of the order of 85, 90, 95 percent. "Everyone talks about
the Big Bang. What banged?" Using observations that are not the ones I've shown you today, we can actually figure out which ones are old and which ones are young. You could have a separate section of a law
library around each of the following legal concepts: no child left behind, zero tolerance, work rules ... And not just easy things that anyone can do. I knew nothing about Wofford and even less about Methodism,
but I was reassured on the first day that I taught at Wofford College to find, among the auditors in my classroom, a 90-year-old Hungarian, surrounded by a bevy of middle-aged European women who seemed
to function as an entourage of Rhinemaidens. And as you come around the banks in these valleys, the forces can get up to two Gs. Cumulatively, I will have rowed over 8,000 miles, taken over three million
oar strokes and spent more than 312 days alone on the ocean on a 23 foot rowboat. And we can lie about our age online, too, pretty easily. And we have to make this day work. RG: And so in effect, we trade
average happiness. Indeed, the mind can redefine itself, and this is demonstrated by two specialists called Hagen and Silva back in the 1970's. And what you can do is go onto the site, create a profile,
create investment terms in a really easy way. We make it really, really simple for me as well as anyone else who wants to use the site. Now this is not new. This is practically not new to TEDsters. So it
re-shows the brain makes predictions and fundamentally changes the precepts. Baseball is filled with some amazing statistics. And some of the people I speak to that have never seen a movie or been to the
theater don't get it in the same way. And the idea is you fast forward and good students start failing algebra all of a sudden and start failing calculus all of a sudden, despite being smart, despite having
good teachers, and it's usually because they have these Swiss cheese gaps that kept building throughout their foundation. In Africa, corn is one of the main foods in many places. in the outside world, believe
it or not, they think it's neat when they say, I interviewed a high-powered businesswoman; she told me she didn't have time. We didn't want to replay actual evolution with humans and all that, because it's
almost more interesting to look at alternate possibilities in evolution. Therefore, we don't find to distance ourselves from the reality of social responsibility. They get what they want, they leave the
rest for me and I sell it. They would take a ship down to Panama, across the isthmus, and then take another ship north. This guy, Dr. Toland, went by covered wagon to California. This has its parallels,
too. Doctors leaving their practices. yield signs in 1950. But that's all we got. These organisms we now bring into the lab, and you can see some of them growing on Petri plates, and get them to reproduce
the precise biominerals that we find on the walls of these caves. We need stories that have different kinds of heroes willing to take different kinds of risks -- risks that confront recklessness head on,
that put the precautionary principle into practice, even if that means through direct action -- like hundreds of young people willing to get arrested, blocking dirty power plants or fighting mountaintop-removal
coal mining. In the '90s, it was 13th, and not because standards had fallen, but because they had risen so much faster elsewhere. So I'm going to translate this into language that you can understand. The
king responded in a fashion that actually has transformed us four decades later. Why? Because it was the right thing to do. So, basically we have public leaders, public officials who are out of control; Ironically,
that object was made by the Killarney process, which is a brand-new process here for the 21st century, and I can hear Greg Lynn laughing his socks off as I say that. So, we've got to rebuild the world institutions. And
I thought that there was -- I thought that there was absolutely no way in hell to top that. It was a very nice experience, and the cars were clean and reliable, and it all worked. I will answer, "My Lord!
Only to make you happy! It preps you. It aims you. I started exploring the darker abscesses of the human mind. We began to counter-proliferate, and we dropped the number of nuclear warheads in the world to
about a total of 21,000. I have one slide on my other life, the computer life, and that's the slide here. and which is, in any case, a sensible sector to expand, post-conflict, and that is the construction
sector. And it describes the same effortless, spontaneous feeling that you get when you enter into this ecstatic state. as this red, huge mass in the hind limb of this animal. What's next? What is going to
be the next change? And then something happened that changed my life. This deck is bought here in America. So we had a few kayaks. How could it ever be adaptive for any organism to overcome self-interest? How
have we not made the connection? They're searching for bush meat; forest animals they can kill to feed their families. even if the problem is pernicious and as intractable as racism. And we found that over
500 genes were favorably changed -- in effect, turning on the good genes, the disease-preventing genes, turning off the disease-promoting genes. And we can see from the graph that exposure to English didn't
improve their Mandarin. Lennart Green does close-up card magic And they're great. We can make great little sculptures with these. His flesh fuses with her flesh, her bloodstream grows into his body, and he
becomes nothing more than a little sperm sac. Girl: Holly. They could go in the floor. They could go, actually, underneath your desktop. Amongst all the troubling deficits we struggle with today -- we think
of financial and economic primarily -- the ones that concern me most is the deficit of political dialogue -- our ability to address modern conflicts as they are, to go to the source of what they're all
about and to understand the key players and to deal with them. Two farmers, Thomas Lee and Tinie Causby, who raised chickens, had a significant complaint because of these technologies. For this fish, it's
actually whole cells with nuclei and membranes. It just tells you they were both designed to fit the human hand. So I want you to pay attention to what you're doing right now. The other thing is, most boats,
when they reach a certain speed, and they are going on waves, they start to hit and slap on the surface of the water, and a lot of the energy moving forward is lost. He was hoping it was going to work out
okay. And when you're walking up the mountain to attempt to do something which no human has ever done before, and, in fact, no fish -- there are no fish up there swimming at 5,300 meters -- When you're
trying to do that, and then the bodies are coming past you, it humbles you, and you also realize very, very clearly that nature is so much more powerful than we are. Now to the ridicule of my colleagues,
I inspired my lab to focus on what I thought was the most non-controversial source of stem cells, adipose tissue, or fat, yes fat -- nowadays available in abundant supply -- you and I, I think, would be
very happy to get rid of anyway. But listen: experts who are serious about disease reduction recommend that adults eat just over half a pound of meat per week. "Because you don't love us, Norman, clearly
you've chosen your path." It's a heartwarming story, but if you drill a little bit deeper, you've got to sort of wonder about what exactly was going on there. When you have two outliers in one organism,
it's not a coincidence. A billion people, 1/6th of the world population. And this is how we develop our ideas. And I've spent a lot of time around other commons. Now let me show you how that literally translated
into the design program. So, this is some of my work on how do you do an autonomously self-replicating system. And I think a lot of scientists have this attitude. At this point, something else happened. A
very, very dear friend of mine came out of the closet, and in India at that time, it was illegal to be gay, and it's disgusting to see how people respond to a gay person. Now notice, he nodded there, he
was giving me some indication he was understanding the flow of communication. and they simply point and they go for 10 percent, right in the middle. And you know, the oddest part is, when I was on my way
traveling here to TED, I'll be honest, I was petrified. Being able to do that means that I can generate energy cleanly, efficiently and cheaply right where I am. This next project, this is by Jaochim Parisvega,
and he's interested in -- he believes art is everywhere waiting -- that it just needs a little bit of a push to happen. This is not Talking Heads, in the picture anyway. You can just see -- there's a nine
and a string of zeros here. I remember, like, we'd be in his studio, like, at 2 a.m., and then he'd show up from some client meeting. But because people who died this year of AIDS got it a few years ago,
we can use this data on mortality to figure out what HIV prevalence was in the past. Jack Horner: Building a dinosaur from a chicken Now I wanted to use this talk to talk about global warming a little bit. And
the other dynamic of it is that we don't micromanage in jazz. And I will try and give you a sense of what the ultimate reboot looks like. And just the sales of the products -- this is a non-profit -- the
sales of these products is now .6% of the GDP of Kenya. It's just that, whereas that device relies on pulses of infrared light, your language relies on pulses, discrete pulses, of sound. and it's all an
experiment, and it's all voluntary. What does that even mean? Sometimes it shows you what you shouldn't do. And the ones in the middle are all of our patients from the start of lithium at time zero, going
forward, and then going backward. That's our goal entirely. And they said, "Well you can dig." And we decided to dig up, And it goes all the way over to these big, thick, galumphy ones that have hundreds
of carbons, and they have thousands of hydrogens, and they have vanadium and heavy metals and sulfur and all kinds of craziness hanging off the sides of them. it will always have its clarity to end the
sort of trail of tears that we've all experienced in public libraries. But I think it's possible that the most powerful and the wisest voice of all of them may well be the voice the Cyrus cylinder. And there
are two bars. One bar indicates that the test is working, and if the second bar shows up, you're pregnant. We use CNC to make scaffolding to train semi-epithetic matter, plants, into a specific geometry
that makes a home that we call a Fab Tree Hab. Here is some picture of Antarctica and a picture of Olympus Mons, very similar features, glaciers. This may shock you, but we're literally reading this person's
brain in real time. So the handheld ultrasound is basically surpassing and supplanting the stethoscope. And this powerful tool was really reserved, for thousands of years, for the elite administrators who
kept track of accounts for the empires. actually the clouds of Venus. Think about it. Really bring it to mind. This is important. And over the course of half an hour, not one syringe was filmed being unwrapped. So
we can have people explore an environment and see the location they have to remember. That picture on the left is just staggering to me. I have talked about it a million times, but it's unbelievable. And
we ate an awful lot of the sweet potatoes. So here is the thing. There's no big room to create reverberation and confuse the rhythms. Emotion is not something added to thought. An emotional state is what
you get when you remove 100 or 200 of your normally available resources. Lucia angel, ED: Awl, also, good that the leather crafter's guild is here. Well, you measure and measure and measure. And murder suspects
have been tracked using their clothing, It's got holes. In addition to these complexities, I just learned that 70 percent of the kids that I see who are labeled learning disabled would not have been had
they had proper prenatal nutrition. One of them is the requirement for economical earth-to-space transport. Those are the things to be provided by the business community. Or you could spray. But what is exactly
that stuff that we lose under anesthesia, or when we are in deep, dreamless sleep? So, we're dreaming of ways to make it easier for you, the global TED community, to respond to speakers, to contribute your
own ideas, maybe even your own TEDTalks, and to help shine a light on the very best of what's out there. So around the turn of the last century, I started to think, "Wouldn't it be wonderful if one could
take this logic and turn it upside down?" We're well on the way to achieving our initial goal. Could this little country, like a startup in a mature industry, be the spark plug that influences a 21st century
of middle-class in China and India? Sometimes I tell people I have triplets. So you might think there are more interesting things to do, but humor me for the moment. And the official truth, the truth was,
the law was, that a black man was a property, was a thing, you see. And I just wanted them to be able to hold their head up after a game. And governments do very well. They pat themselves on the back. And
as a result it's a very tolerant community, which is different, I think, than something like this, which is in Schaumburg, Illinois, where every little set of houses has their own cul-de-sac and drive-through
Starbucks and stuff like that. Also the visual separation. You know what they say? And all of Tucson could be like this if everybody would just revolt and throw away the rake. So this is Grand Central at work
-- it's a -- oh, for gods sake! I have your numbers now! But here's the thing. Algorithms are rules. They're binary. According to the numbers, the music industry is half the size that it was 10 years ago,
but I'm listening to more and better music than ever. I fell in love with that. Photojournalist James Nachtwey sees his TED Prize wish come true, as we share his powerful photographs of XDR-TB, a drug-resistant
strain of tuberculosis that's touching off a global medical crisis. Learn how to help at  You've got to be able to make them all the time. But things had changed; I was a 46-year-old brigadier general. I
call it the Software Upgrade Paradox -- which is that if you improve a piece of software enough times, you eventually ruin it. So each building has its own personality. That's the first one. The fourth one
you'll like better. But I wouldn't have you think that I don't like the place on the right, which I quite do. I've come to love the city and its kind of diversity, and its resilience, and its dependence
on density and how we're connected together. I don't want a CD; I want the music it plays. You're used to suspension bridges with big droopy cables on the top. And so here is one that kind of goes -- I still
just want to draw out on this issue. Tom Ford: And we found after much research that -- actually not much research, quite simple research -- that the counterfeit customer was not our customer. I'm not going
to dive into them either, but photosynths are integrated into the map. Being a visual artist, indeed, I am foremost interested to make art -- and become an important, timeless, universal work of art. What
is homeopathy? He told us that Brazil's government mandated What I'm going to show you are the astonishing molecular machines that create the living fabric of your body. Math is the vocabulary for your own
intuition. And the other thing that happens is that we're all carrying around little Mary Poppins technology. We've not asked anybody's permission to do this, we're just doing it. JA: So these are -- as far
as we can tell -- classical whistleblowers, and we have a number of ways for them to get information to us. It's an eight-foot snout, with a googly eye. Because what I feel, is a lot of us think that the
environment is at a macro level, that we can't do anything to change our air quality or to change the climate or anything. Close your eyes." Bruno Giussani: Look at them first. Look at them first. And so
if you looked at my brain, or any brain that's infected with a viral memetic infection like this, and compared it to anyone in this room, or anyone who uses critical thinking on a regular basis, I am convinced
it would look very, very different. You know, skiers pray for snow? but bamboo is very fire-susceptible. So if we would plant that in the beginning we would have a very high risk of losing everything again. And
it might just be coming to a neighborhood near you soon. The real concern that security departments have is designer viruses. The original is typically the product of a creative act, the forgery isn't. My
mother, my sister, my auntie, they all get out, but my father and I stayed in the limousine, and no sooner than the women got out, he burst out crying. So the next movement is called mobs. But it was also
a slightly more orthodox India that was very happy to be modern, but didn't want to say that to people. A living, breathing comic book series, but unlike Spiderman and Iron Man, these guys can actually
do it. I'm thinking here, for example, of customs like ancestral worship, of a very distinctive notion of the state, likewise, a very distinctive notion of the family, social relationships like guanxi,
Confucian values and so on. Now, within that there is some interesting things happening. Now it's all done on my iPhone, and it all goes straight up to my server, and my server does all the backend work
and categorizes things and puts everything together. This is ours. I founded a company called Ikaria with others' help. It's that little gene. It's small and it's mean. And what we're trying to do, in a TEDesque
way, is to organize all biological information by design and engineering function. This is what exists in nature. Observation now allows us to bring that natural process into the design process every day.
That's what I do. Okay, now getting to a part -- I want to show design in illusions. I believe that the first example of illusions being used purposely was by da Vinci in this anamorphic image of an eye.
So that when you saw from one little angle was like this. And this little technique got popular in the 16th century and the 17th century to disguise hidden meanings, where you could flip the image and
see it from one little point of view like this. And it randomly generates points within a three-dimensional matrix. As I said earlier, glamour does not have to be about people, but it has to have this transcendent
quality. And when you're in a situation where you have to justify every moment of your existence, you're put in the situation where you react in a very different manner. They've all defined the terms on
which they will accept bookings. I had never in my life ever tasted candy. Think of the surface of a sphere -- just like a beach ball, the surface of the Earth. arts,brain,cognitive science,culture,design,illusion,psychology and
according to the World Bank, 7.7 million lives were saved. DL: Oh yeah, okay, in my family we had seven girls, four boys, we had two fiddles and one piano, and of course we were all fighting to play on
the instruments, so dad and mom set a rule that you couldn't kick anyone off the instrument. You had to wait Ray Zahab treks to the South Pole You can see, by the way, in different movies, etc., So, I wanted
to say, Paul, I'm happy you're here, because I know you have my back. The devastated church my mom attends has been not only rebuilt higher, it's poised to become the first Energy Star church in the country. And
so he put her in the bathtub, and I was in the bedroom with the baby. The challenge: to figure out what it will take to actually do something that makes a significant and sustainable difference. If I'm going
to teach my daughter about electronics, I'm not going to give her a soldering iron. Through the 30s and 40s, no one cared. On the way home, he knows where home is, and he wants to go straight to it. Before
I went back to work after my year at home, I sat down and I wrote out a detailed, step-by-step description of the ideal balanced day that I aspired to. He's absolutely balanced between innocence and experience,
and that made me stop in my tracks in front of this painting. And they gave me enough money to do it right, which has involved developing the world's first deep-sea webcam -- which has been installed in
the Monterey Canyon for the past year -- and now, more recently, a modular form of this system, a much more mobile form that's a lot easier to launch and recover, that I hope can be used on Sylvia's "hope
spots" to help explore and protect these areas, and, for me, learn more about the bioluminescence in these "hope spots." So, Act I: A Map Found. You grow very quickly and then you stop. "Are you looking forward
to seeing the movie?" on a global scale. What this shows is a nation-by-nation breakdown of the likely level of food waste in each country in the world. We're wired for dangers that are immediate, that are
physical, that are imminent, and so our body goes into an incredible reaction where endogenous opioids come in. So, he was like a kid in a candy store. That was a month of my life. They tied the rebar right, And
what I did, I gave him just antibiotics that we care for tuberculosis. And fortunately, I saved his life. Things always go terribly wrong. These are the sentiments of someone that's been away from home.
And that was something that I went through, you know, and I'm still going through. The mycelium is sentient. We have a bunch of Legos. So, as I said, this is a playground for adults, where they sit down
and try to play with different shapes and different designs. As a continent, here are our priorities. And yeah, they're going to cut themselves. This is the exhibited art on the walls of the CIA in Langley,
Virginia, their original headquarters building. So he says, "If I'm -- if I'm responsible for Mozart, this is going to be the only story to be told. It's really very simple, but really very complicated. Go
on, something should happen now. Can this help us inspire the design of novel robots? And they moved in, and decided not to pay me any rent. At the end of the meeting he says, look, it is not going to work;
you will never see your money back; but my foundations will put 500,000 dollars so you can test the idea. Something deliberate, something secret, and who got the four in the morning bad rap ball rolling
anyway? We don't have to change the way a single Chinese company works if we get Cargill to only send sustainable palm oil to China. A retrospective on 40 years shows that if we had accounted for these costs
-- the cost of loss of topsoil, the cost of loss of waterways, the lost productivity, the loss to local communities as a result of all these factors, desertification and so on -- those costs are almost
twice as much as the market price of timber. This was, for example, an image that went into Tatler. And it's very obvious that this is only going to get worse. The president, who has supported a process that
secretly negotiates agreements, which effectively lock us into the insane system of DMCA that we have adopted and likely lock us down a path of three strikes, you're out that, of course, the rest of the
world are increasingly adopting. So Chechens had come in and taken control of the theater. ♫ You know you can't keep letting it get you down ♫ ♫ And you can't keep dragging that dead weight around ♫ ♫ If
there ain't all that much to lug around ♫ ♫ Better run like hell when you hit the ground ♫ ♫ When the morning comes ♫ ♫ When the morning comes ♫ ♫ You can't stop these kids from dancing ♫ ♫ Why would you
want to? ♫ ♫ Especially when you're already getting yours ♫ ♫ Cuz if your mind don't move and your knees don't bend ♫ ♫ Well don't go blaming the kids again ♫ ♫ When the morning comes ♫ ♫ When the morning
comes ♫ ♫ When the morning comes ♫ ♫ When the morning comes ♫ ♫ When the morning comes ♫ ♫ When the morning comes ♫ ♫ Let it go ♫ ♫ This too shall pass ♫ ♫ Let it go ♫ ♫ This too shall pass ♫ ♫ You know
you can't keep letting it get you down ♫ ♫ No, you can't keep letting it get you down ♫ ♫ Let it go ♫ ♫ This too shall pass ♫ ♫ When the morning comes ♫ ♫ When the morning comes ♫ ♫ When the morning comes
♫ ♫ When the morning comes ♫ There was sort of a movie made about it recently. Now, that is only a little bit hyperbolic. For instance, the referral of the crimes in Darfur to the International Criminal Court,
which the Bush administration doesn't like. And I said, "Do you pray?" When I looked at the group, I said, "Do you pray?" arts,environment,global issues,leadership,politics We'd better give you a real sound
bite. We are going through the darkest moment in our recent history. This is my first trip, my first foreign trip as a first lady. You don't want it to make sense, right? There were blood vessels left. Photographs
do more than document history -- they make it. At TED University, Jonathan Klein of Getty Images shows some of the most iconic, and talks about what happens when a generation sees an image so powerful
it can't look away -- or back. At 130, we start somewhere above 130, between building a bomb, and making enough weapons-grade fuel so that you could build a bomb. And the Cyrus cylinder comes back into public
view and the text of this as a demonstration of why what is going to happen after the war is over in 1918 is part of a divine plan. I really applaud the SETI efforts, but we have not heard anything yet. Two
years ago, we were approached by a partner of ours to digitally preserve an important heritage site, a UNESCO heritage site in Uganda, the Royal Kasubi Tombs. In deciding your vote for President today,
was the race of the candidate a factor? So if you think about it, these are really dramatically improving. And this is very similar to a Q and U example. And visiting some pretty incredible places, places
like Mongolia, Cambodia, New Guinea, South Africa, Tanzania twice -- I was here a month ago. But the problem is these are instructional cue devices. That's a new economic factor, which is fascinating to
most people. And, in English, the word "cheap" has a double meaning, which is really appropriate, And that gets us down from the 1.5, where we've reached for education, down to 1.3. To put it very simply,
the assumption so far has been that if you give people enough connectivity, if you give them enough devices, democracy will inevitably follow. Keep it up. I love it! So, the first thing that we did is we
gave adults a version of the pirate problem that we gave to the kids. Now of course, if there's a scale for how awesome that is, that has to rank extremely, extremely high. biology,insects,science Are we
Superman? Or are we Homer Simpson? art,arts,data,security,war,web But in reality, the sky looked like this. It was a beautiful, complex sky. When you bring people into the laboratory and you ask them if they're
willing to engage in safe but disgusting behaviors like eating chocolate that's been baked to look like dog poop, or in this case eating some mealworms that are perfectly healthy but pretty gross, your
score on that scale actually predicts whether or not you'll be willing to engage in those behaviors. Tesla's insight was profound. All they'll learn on the inside is new hustles. It's the Styrofoam and chocolate
game. We didn't see a single shark. But nonetheless, just 20 blocks north, two days later, the city had never looked more alive. So it's not the final story, but it's an incredibly powerful summary of everything
we know about nature at the most basic level. If we make that kind of simplicity in our technology and then give it to you guys, you can go off and do all kinds of fabulous things with it. Thank you very
much. Chris Anderson: Quick question. So can you picture that a science of simplicity might get to the point where you could look out at various systems -- say a financial system or a legal system, health
system -- and say, "That has got to the point of danger or dysfunctionality for the following reasons, and this is how we might simplify it"? Now, the physics of the human brain could hardly be more unlike
the physics of such a jet. How, literally, ungrounded that would make me feel. And we're helping, working with them to create a new building. If you want to conserve seed for a long term and you want to make
it available to plant breeders and researchers, you dry it and then you freeze it. The difference between arts and sciences is not analytical versus intuitive, right? And that's that the company and the
building was multiform. If you're a military commander and you wage troops -- the little plastic toys on the board -- and you lose them, I put in a letter. Whereas living room water, it's better to do tar
on the roof." What can we learn from them? Here you can see that the insects are being tracked as they're flying around, which is kind of fun. Here's a big website where we've been collecting lots of educational
and other demonstrations about lots of kinds of things. And it's pretty amazing actually. You name it, I bred it, and I sold them to pet shops. The force on the left is never coming under the purview of the
International Criminal Court. As you know, when you put oil and water together, they don't mix, but through self-assembly we can get a nice oil droplet to form, and we can actually use this as a body for
our artificial organism or for our protocell, as you will see later. There's water in between the skull and the transducer. I think actually this is not so much a shift from the West to the East; something
different is happening. This is a collaboration we have with Stanford. And one day I was exploring this cul-de-sac hidden away a few streets away. Now, the Moon has no atmosphere, so micrometeorites come
in continuously, and the whole surface of the Moon is covered with powder now, because for four billion years it's been bombarded by micrometeorites, and when micrometeorites come in at about 20 to 60,000
miles an hour, they vaporize on contact. Just admitting this will transform our discourse about morality. I am an emotional creature. I have seen polar bears walking across very, very thin ice in search of
food. There are tons of other things that we should think about doing. I had a lot of journalists calling me, asking me, "Which is the test they're going to run that will tell us whether or not Caster Semenya
is male or female?" Now, I had heard this phrase, "age of reason," before. First, Keith Barry shows us how our brains can fool our bodies -- in a trick that works via podcast too. Then he involves the audience
in some jaw-dropping feats of brain magic. This staff represented three things about Moses' life. And I have that kind of flash sometimes. Our vision, which works so well in air, all of a sudden is very restricted
and claustrophobic. Where was this guilt trip coming from?" And it may be because of the wine, or it may be because of my excitement, he answered me directly and he said, "Because chefs don't deserve my
foie gras." So why is this? When you touched the cockroach leg, what did it feel like? Now if you look at a network like this -- art,history,performance,personal growth Just when our kids stop teething, they
start having tantrums. I mean, folic acid, iron tablets -- very cheap, affordable cures exist to control anemia. Well, babies all over the world are what I like to describe as "citizens of the world." So
that trip just ended, and I can't show you too many results from that right now, but we'll go back one more year, to another drilling expedition I've been involved in. Now their reporting percentage is
down to 50 percent because other nations have started to report. This is the view you would get, if you looked down on that. Here's what happened. See that line on the very top with the little dots? And the
mathematicians and scientists in the crowd will recognize these two progressions as a first-order discrete differential equation and a second-order discrete differential equation, derived by six-year-olds. So
it's like, here I am, I'm on the fence about this guy, but increasingly, eating up his every word. I'm so clever," and you look behind you, and there's destruction all around you. We're great! Who is not
great? England!" You know, how to prepare you for your first relationship? This is a palace celebrating symmetry. And I use that sort of technology to create things that are quite beautiful. This is an area
today that has very few regulations and even fewer rules. If you remember that bald guy, you'll know that what has been stripped off of these trunks in the Pacific Northwest old-growth forest is going to
take decades and decades to come back. So just like Johnny Cash's Sue, a boy given a girl's name, I would grow up and learn from experience how to be tough and how to survive, when they were no longer there
to protect me, or just take it all away. This whole notion that music is a language -- well maybe there's a neurologic basis to it in fact after all, and we can see it when two musicians are having a musical
conversation. It's got to be stretching. How am I going to make — ?" So I just hope I've got the level of difficulty right. And from these extracts, we can reconstruct the human genome at different points
in time and look for changes that might be related to adaptations, risk factors and inherited diseases. And it's really different within each country. So what it shows -- if you want to focus on that top
graph in the right-hand corner -- it shows Julie's actual peak expiratory flow rate in the yellow bar. And therefore, there was a indeed a prisoner's dilemma, which made it very difficult for an individual
company, an individual exporting country to say, "We are not going to continue this deadly, disastrous habit of large companies to bribe." Ed Boyden shows how, by inserting genes for light-sensitive proteins
into brain cells, he can selectively activate or de-activate specific neurons with fiber-optic implants. With this unprecedented level of control, he's managed to cure mice of analogs of PTSD and certain
forms of blindness. On the horizon: neural prosthetics. Session host Juan Enriquez leads a brief post-talk Q&amp;A. You should not be Sisyphus, who rolls a rock up a mountain all day only to find the boulder
rolled down at night. Do you remember Hamlet? Act one, scene three, he finds out that his uncle killed his father. So if you approach them from behind, down wind, you can push them over and they go thud
in the mud." Interestingly, it's happened almost entirely without media coverage. There are immense stretches of land like this -- land where hundreds of millions of people could live. And problems in the
real world look nutty and horrible like this. I can get back to the illustration, but in this case it's not a single frame, but it's actually a movie of someone coming into the frame and doing the repair
that's described in the text. You use the distribution you get to sell more products. We want a God who can weep with those who weep, and rejoice with those who rejoice. Here are a few. I hope I have achieved
that. these are the African countries. It's no money down, and your utility bill decreases. I was, you can see there, pulling two sledges. Well, the reason is, is because, when we're buying gas, we're very
invested in this sort of cognitive dissonance. And the pitches, the notes, as you know, are just vibrations. But over the course of the next 15 years he had 14 more operations, as the disease ravaged his
face and destroyed my reconstruction regularly. Yes, they do a whole bunch of other stuff, but they're very good at this. maybe the Russians will charge tolls. Yes, point five, OK, OK, OK! I'm a designer,
that's all, of Christmas gifts. Let's get back to that. And the idea, too, of Jews, Christians and Muslims -- these traditions now so often at loggerheads -- working together to create a document which
we hope will be signed by a thousand, at least, of major religious leaders from all the traditions of the world. Even the neutrons and protons have smaller particles inside of them known as quarks. In fact,
we found some pictures that are worth 500 billion words. He said roughly what's been said before. When we put people under a lamp for the equivalent of about 30 minutes of sunshine in summer in Edinburgh,
what we produced was, we produced a rise in circulating nitric oxide. We were taken care of. Fast-forward to Pennsylvania, where I find myself today. I teach at the Science Leadership Academy, which is a
partnership school between the Franklin Institute and the school district of Philadelphia. And so what he did was he tested 1,000 ordinary people. He's actually a trade union organizer by background, and
that's how he learned the skills to build his organization. But there was a decline from at least two orders of magnitude in homicide from the Middle Ages to the present, and the elbow occurred in the early
sixteenth century. So, that's what we're trying to simulate -- not Chris specifically, I should say, but humans in general. But what if you could rate those movies before they get made? This happens every
year. I wanted to show the slide -- this slide, I think, is the most important one any of you will see, ever, because -- -- it shows nature versus humans, and goes from 1850 to 2050. You need to air out
your pussy-cat." I was also pregnant at the time. So, can you give a hand to Adam Boulanger, Ph.D. student from the MIT Media Lab, and Dan Ellsey. Dan, thanks to TED and to Bombardier Flexjet, Dan is here
with us today all the way from Tewksbury. He's a resident at Tewksbury Hospital. And at lunch on Saturday, we opened the '47. Referencing Steven Johnson's very lovely speech yesterday on where ideas come
from, I was in the shower at the time -- TEDTalks can't be a one-way process, one-to-many. Now, submersibles are great, wonderful things, but if you're going to spend 30,000 dollars a day to use one of these
things, and it's capable of going 2,000 feet, you're sure not going to go farting around up here in a couple of hundred feet, you're going to go way, way, way, down deep. And if you look at some of the
organisms that have evolved to live in deserts, there are some amazing examples of adaptations to water scarcity. You place the vascular blood vessel lining cells on the inside. So they don't -- when they
look out and they see those lights that you showed in the sky -- they don't just see sort of pieces of matter burning or rocks or flames or gases exploding. But I'm also going to argue that once you understand
the sense in which they are built into human nature, you realize that just affirming compassion, and affirming the golden rule, is really not enough. I envy sometimes the artists of the West for their freedom
of expression. For the fact that they can distance themselves from the question of politics. From the fact that they are only serving one audience, mainly the Western culture. One does an automatic malaria
diagnosis in the same way that a diabetic's glucose meter works: You take a drop of blood, you put it in there and it automatically tells you. This is a textile where they're doing shirts -- Finding the
balance between those things is always dangerous because you might tip off too much in the direction of unprepared. That is a huge effect. Dr. Atkins and I debated each other many times before he died, and
we agreed that Americans eat too many simple carbs, the "bad carbs," and these are things like -- -- sugar, white flour, white rice, alcohol. And you get a double whammy: you get all these calories that
don’t fill you up because you’ve removed the fiber, and they get absorbed quickly so your blood sugar zooms up. There's a lot to learn from successful landbanking programs in cities like Flint, Michigan. You
would not believe how easy it is to persuade people to do things with their computers which are objectively not in their interest. And she said, "Well, now, I need a house." And there's something wonderful
about that form of youth, where you can let yourself grow and play, and be really a brat, and then accomplish things. And so I jumped in, I jumped into this world of technology, to see how I could use it
to enable magic as opposed to kill it. Produce Pete can't believe what we grow. That means we're generating them from scratch. art,arts,astronomy,design,entertainment,physics,sound,technology You know we use
PVC, and we sheath wires with PVC for insulation. It's a frightening piece of equipment for the novice stunt performer, because it will break your legs very, very quickly if you land on it wrong. And these
[unclear], which stored water, there are two type of things. So, in summary, I'm generating metabolic materials as a counterpoise to Victorian technologies, and building architectures from a bottom-up approach. You
can ask, "What do you expect for the old stars, stars that have been around the center of the galaxy for a long time, they've had plenty of time to interact with the black hole." I want you to imagine,
right now, a broken relationship from many years ago. A few years ago, my eyes were opened to the dark side of the construction industry. At that point, we were looking for a fuel that was cleaner, it was
cheaper, At a reception in their courtyard, I noticed that they had a fountain because they think that the people who go to the museum deserve a fountain. And it is time for all of us to think bigger. Misdirection. Now,
these aren't just differences in anatomy, like the shape of your ear lobes, but they have consequences in thought and behavior that are well illustrated in this famous cartoon by Charles Addams: "Separated
at birth, the Mallifert twins meet accidentally." And he said it was the first dry season in his entire life that he hadn't taken his 12 children and 50 grandchildren on a two day journey across the desert
to work as day laborers at a commercial farm for about 50 cents a day. It wasn't the cleverness of the sheep at all. And it was Galois who produced a language to be able to answer some of these questions. But
now I'm going to return you to the real world. Boy: Don't you get bored? We seek out environments that reinforce our personal choices. Cyberspace moves everything at the speed of light. And there is some symmetry
here in the way the symmetries interact with each other. And I believe that the Islamic modernism which began in the 19th century, but which had a setback in the 20th century because of the political troubles
of the Muslim world, is having a rebirth. Because when systems are broken, like the ones that we're seeing around the world, it's an opportunity for invention and for innovation. So this is a Yellowstone,
you know, of Saturn. Too many lives in our lives already, too many chances for sorrow, too many unaccounted-for pasts. consciously being laggards. Now let me turn to a second question, a fairly different
question, but I'd say equally important. Or perhaps, Spider Man will one day be Gecko Man. We think you're special just being you -- playing with your food and staring into space. So when we decided to work
in Rwanda on trying to dramatically increase the income of the country and fight the AIDS problem, we wanted to build a healthcare network, because it had been totally destroyed during the genocide in
1994, and the per capita income was still under a dollar a day. How to turn a donkey, a carthorse, anything. It will be completely free, and it will work in any browser. And based on this, I went back to
the National Science Foundation and said, "This is what we will discover." And then we do two other very important things that kind of help fill in this feedback loop: we help people understand in a little
more detail what these values are and what they might indicate. If you master these, you master price, and if you don't master these, you can master the little noise as well as you can, but it's not important. The
vertebra at L1 was like you'd dropped a peanut, stepped on it, smashed it into thousands of pieces. So they all cluster together. So, I was able to completely daydream my way through my life. And I finally
daydreamed my way into NYU, at a very good time, in 1967, where I met a man who was trying to blow up the math building of NYU. And I was writing terrible poetry and knitting sweaters for him. It's never
"The Godfather;" it's never "Citizen Kane;" it's always some third rate movie with some second rate star. They slow the flow of technologies. You don't choose the written word. They're currently making a
cocktail -- an antibody cocktail -- that can be used to treat severe, overwhelming cases of flu. And I won't go into a lot of stuff about quantum mechanics and what it's like, and so on. And actually the
second general hospital in Vienna, in about 1850, was where we started to build out an entire curriculum for teaching med students specialties. There was an enormous gap in the world when I grew up. But
if you don't think through the problems of corruption, who will? And now the dog's really happy. Morgan Spurlock: What I want to do is make a film all about product placement, marketing and advertising,
where the entire film is funded by product placement, marketing and advertising. What's a meme made of? What are bits made of, Mom? He wanted to estimate N, the number of communicative civilizations out
there in our galaxy, and he included in there the rate of star formation, the rate of planets, but crucially, intelligence. After I left my convent, I'd finished with religion, frankly. And they're at the
sharp end of what's called the WEEE, which is this European electrical and electronic waste directive. Now, I tried to suture together a dinosaur evolutionary history so that we can try to understand some
basic patterns of evolution. And therefore, you ought to look at alternatives. There were a lot of girls there as well, so I was utterly mortified. It's better than Prozac, but I wouldn't recommend it. And
then we're going to ask them to rate a bunch of things I'll show you just one part of our study. The four blue tiles on the left are gray. With 10 million solutions. And finally, I want to remind you, when
you see animals do what look like very simple tasks, the actual complexity of what is going on inside their brain is really quite dramatic. And each butter-fry is composed of different pieces. And sometimes
they also have to bring water from far away to do the laundry at home, or they have to bring the laundry away to a stream far off. This is the reality of diabetes. It says "U.S. Army" right on it. And we
said, "We're going to hypothesize that the fatty plaque in women is actually probably different, and deposited differently, than men." So now what we understand is that all bacteria can talk to each other. Let's
get the numbers of the animals we're killing for eating down, and then we'll worry about being nice to the ones that are left. And they had to make a decision. "Intrigue and murder among 16th century Ottoman
court painters." It's true, but we think that you don't through the baby out with the bathwater; you actually improve. In this case, at trespass points, allowing people to go through because your little
tracker device said they were okay, actually cost lives. The one on the left is mine, okay? "Are you carrying clean needles?" So books, music, video, software. There's only 50,000 titles of it. So, how do
you render authenticity, is the question. You all know that so often in science and engineering we tend to think cutthroat. Okay, you can open your eyes if you had them closed. So it's deceiving on two levels
-- But later the government soldiers began mistreating us a lot. So actually, in the early days, back when it was the ARPANET, there were actually times -- there was a particular time it failed completely
because one single message processor actually got a bug in it. There is no better way to show people that you're not serious than to tie up everything you have to say about ethics into a little package
with a bow and consign it to the margins as an ethics course. The architecture is telling a story about how, even though she's the most powerful woman in the world at that time, there is the other, the
architecture's bigger. Perhaps there is a great, cosmic plan that allows for horrible suffering so that everything will work out OK in the end. So how did it taste? Little splat at the end there. Einstein,
did that hurt? Then it changes again. Glamour invites us to live in a different world. It gives us an energy return that's unimaginable, historically. Who cares what the overhead is if these problems are actually
getting solved? When I got out of office and was asked to work, first in the Caribbean, to try to help deal with the AIDS crisis, generic drugs were available for about 500 dollars a person a year. Copepods
are small crustaceans. That's Danny Bessette, 23 years later, because this is the year, and it's also the year where Danny got married, where we have, for the first time, the approval by the FDA of a drug
that precisely targets the defect in cystic fibrosis based upon all this molecular understanding. But authority is not enough to make people your partners. And I've never seen anybody comment, looking at
a football game, saying, "All those people in the stands, they have too much time on their hands." So they got very interested in producing convulsions, measured types of convulsions. A complementary finding,
from a completely different methodology, is that adopted siblings reared together -- the mirror image of identical twins reared apart, they share their parents, their home, their neighborhood, don't share
their genes -- end up not similar at all. I want my million dollars. When this statue was carved the average life expectancy was probably 30. I became an inventor by accident. I travel all over the world taking
pictures -- some of them good, most of them not. This is about us going to the people and saying, "We are all part of the local food jigsaw, we are all part of a solution." And everyone is responsible for
the per capita emission." This really shows you, we have not seen good economic and health progress anywhere in the world without destroying the climate. It's not always true, but in general, there's not
a good history of theory in biology. I'm going to do that in two steps. Anybody can create their feedback loop by asking these simple questions: Can I have my results? Now, like most of us who have gotten
used to a good thing, this really pisses them off. But nonetheless when she popped out despite the fact that her brain had actually been progressing in its development for several months before on the basis
of her experiences in the womb -- And so they placed me on it, and the Internet got wind of it. My community decided they wanted me to win it. Then what you're supposed to do is you take a screen shot of
it. In this case, a project we're doing with Siemens, we have sensors on all the furniture, all the infill, that understands where people are and what they're doing. Wipe it up, throw it away. I hear a few
yellow. Good. So most of you have a brain. Maybe a little bit like that: in other words, people who are early adopters. And the other is unbelievable guilt. And every time, they sent scouts out there to make
sure no one attacked them. Two billion people. One third of the global population producing 5 percent of the wealth because they didn't get this change, Three tunas tagged. They tend to be contextual, holistic
thinkers, what I call web thinkers. it's not supposed to be there, but it's huge. Now, Sylvia Browne -- just to show you -- she actually gets 700 dollars for a 20 minute reading over the telephone, she doesn't
even go there in person, and you have to wait up to two years because she's booked ahead that amount of time. So what happens, if you've got an organism, it produces a lot of toxin. After a few days of
infection you end up having -- the fecal material really isn't so disgusting as we might imagine. The countries which have many babies per woman here, they have quite low income. And you might say, "Can
you really be that specific? And people are very resistant to ideas, and rightly so. We've all got navigation controls in our car. One part of medicine, though, has faced the problem of behavior change pretty
well, and that's dentistry. It controls all foreign media and image production outside of China from foreign media working within China. So the real crux of the problem here is, how do you make a system
that's a simple device but gives you a large mechanical advantage? But there is a better translation. This is Adobe Photoshop. But if we would count all the individuals, and we take an average weight of them,
it would amount to something like 200 to 2,000 kilograms for each of you and me on Earth. These people know their sense of purpose, and they activate in their life, that's worth about seven years of extra
life expectancy. And you may have noticed that these beautiful views are similar, but in slightly different places. Now, I'm a marine biologist, but I'm actually a bit of an old fashioned naturalist, I suppose. First,
that basically what this machine is doing is embodying. We're giving it a body. And that's what we're going to do in the next 5,000 days -- we're going to give this machine a body. For me, my art is my
magic carpet ride. And the people toiling up the mountain could see them, these tiny little people up there, incredibly halfway up the cliff. "My name is Bond, Jamal Bond." to overcome those odds. I mean,
this is a very small sample; you should not generalize from it. And what you have to think about is, The real problems are what I like to call the Managers and the Meetings. And with that growth comes some
severe practical problems, one of which is our transportation system simply won't be able to deal with it. So we've started to -- we've made another copy of all of this and we actually put it back in the
Library of Alexandria. Able to pack up to 400 lbs. It was a moving demonstration of what the words "united nations" are supposed to mean: a true union of nations joined together in a colossal effort for
good. Two words that made a colossal difference in my life. And then finally, in Thailand we're Buddhist, we don't have a God, The example I've got up here is a Votes For Deletion page. So this is a project
that I just find extremely exciting, and I'm really looking forward to see where it takes us. we wanted to be able to draw -- you know, rub your finger across the screen to input continuous points -- And
I'm going to show you a bunch of dead ends, basically. World without risk would not be worth living. and the child was still there. And they did something very intelligent: they asked the child, "Can you
read?" Woman 1: Yes. but I was also a touch worried about some of the nastier things lurking behind the wall. But while our instrument was being built, I became involved in calculations of the greenhouse
effect here on Earth, because we realized that our atmospheric composition was changing. And we were just crossing every finger, praying that the balloon would hold together, which, fortunately, it did. When
you evaporate seawater, the first thing to crystallize out is calcium carbonate. Now, just suspend disbelief for a moment, and let's think of what could happen if we could do that. People are like, "OK,
if you don't do aid, I'm a bleeding heart liberal, what can I do?" and in general, let them play. Let them have fun at the workplace. What if one decided to start philanthropy from the day one? So, we have
this ability as well. That's why a lot of our people are more or less living in Taiwan right now. Are we uncomfortable with this image? Yes, we are. And I'm hopeful because it's not only philanthropy that's
reorganizing itself, The reason for that is that these characters are actually not real characters. And flowers are a real bugger. Every week the number one best-selling DVD in America changes. They're going
to be willing to brainstorm, name suspects, They're going to say, "Hey, maybe it was those guys in payroll that forged those checks." Half of those students were given, as a topic, the parable of the Good
Samaritan: the man who stopped the stranger in -- to help the stranger in need by the side of the road. And there, only there, you really feel that you are part of a larger thing or of a larger global ecosystem. If
we're going to keep the lights on, nuclear is that solution. And I will vouch that it handled the stop-and-go traffic on U.S. 101 very smoothly. In this case, we put two chimpanzees side-by-side. But the
people who fabricated that solar cooker illiterate women, who actually fabricate the most sophisticated solar cooker. And if they're on a smartphone on Google, they've got access to more knowledge and information
than President Clinton did 15 years ago. It's better than a computer. And this can create great natural shelters for animals, but they've also been appropriated for some rather dubious human uses, including
a bar, a prison and even a toilet inside of a tree. So there's been many studies, including this one, that show that if you use active learning, interacting with your students in the classroom, performance
improves on every single metric -- on attendance, on engagement and on learning as measured by a standardized test. This is Sydney, who's going to be three years old in a couple of days. Africa,animals,biodiversity,environment,global
issues,pollution,primates,science It's a very good transcription. But a couple minutes after that, I got the text message version. Now remember, a text message can only be 160 characters long. The second,
I don't think we're that close. That's an awful lot for a country of Haiti -- with a population of eight million and an average income of less than 400 dollars. And the question is, "How do you end up with
a psychopathic killer?" This is where it gets weird. We look at the framework that makes it possible to live in this connected world. It says check the box below if you don't want to participate. And I studied
very much in Sweden. Ed Ulbrich, the digital-effects guru from Digital Domain, explains the Oscar-winning technology that allowed his team to digitally create the older versions of Brad Pitt's face for
"The Curious Case of Benjamin Button." But you're going to get home and realize how different life is." You know we all want to be someone who has watched "Rashomon," but right now we want to watch "Ace
Ventura" for the fourth time. PIPA and SOPA are not oddities, they're not anomalies, they're not events. So having seen this work, worked a little bit on this, this is where I came in. So heart is filtered
out, so I can see if I'm curious about that. Sound is complex. There are many countervailing influences. And by -- tacitly, all of us send our kids, or grandchildren, or nieces, or nephews, to school and
tell them to learn, you know, learn what's in those schools. I mean, if all cows were purple you'd get bored with those, too. Now we're not here for that long anyway, but to spend almost half of our life
lost in thought and potentially quite unhappy, dunno, it just kind of seems tragic, actually, especially when there's something we can do about it, Now, I'm a sailor, obviously. Five great revolutions have
shaped political culture over the past 50 years, says theorist Ivan Krastev. He shows how each step forward -- from the cultural revolution of the ‘60s to recent revelations in the field of neuroscience
-- has also helped erode trust in the tools of democracy. As he says, "What went right is also what went wrong." Can democracy survive? All she needed from those specimens at the Smithsonian was a little
bit of toe pad tissue, because down in there is what is called ancient DNA. Now, you might ask yourself three questions at this point. Natasha wanted to introduce her brother and father to all the villagers,
and the day we showed up turned out to be a 60-year-old man's birthday. Picasso even made the statement, "I draw not what I see but what I think." but a Palestinian reader still reads a novel by a Jewish
author, and vice versa, connecting and empathizing with the narrator. So I tried bronze casting. New ways of making electric transportation. So it's a little bit difficult from there to spin in some kind
of positive conclusion. SW: And so do all the folks back home in Tennessee. They've run out of good sites. and what's happening really is that people are unable quite to bring themselves to put in good sexual
and reproductive health services for sex workers, unable quite to be giving out needles to junkies. But once they've gone from being transgressive people whose behaviors we don't want to condone to being
AIDS victims, we come over all compassionate and buy them incredibly expensive drugs for the rest of their lives. Me was a floating head. For years, I actually only wore hats. We have to figure out how to
rewire the systems that we have. Let's give it intelligence. We give it all the computing power it needs: a 1.5 gigahertz Pentium M chip, two FireWire cameras, rate gyros, accelerometers, four force sensors
on the foot, lithium polymer batteries. One, you're doing something that you should follow a procedure to, and it's a very difficult thing, you're sloppy, you get it wrong. How should you be treated? You
should probably be fired. biology,collaboration,science And they said, "Hey Ze, thanks for rocking out, but I meant the kind of rocking out where we'd be naked." Take it away Eric. And finally, medicine. Now
idea creators, they come from all walks of life. This makes no sense, because physicians have all kinds of problems that they don't realize have solutions. Increasingly, we're realizing that we don't even
need to densify an entire city. So, Paul Saffo, before his talk said that he didn't really have it down until just a few days or hours before the talk, and that anxiety was really helpful in causing him
to focus. That's what fear and anxiety does; it causes you to be -- what's called depth-first processing -- to focus, not be distracted. And I couldn't force myself across that. Our small prototype has
given us good insight that it's working very well, but we still need to work a lot more on this. because you want to be connected. When you go to Tanzania, listen carefully, because I'm sure you will hear
of the various openings that there will be for you to get involved in something that will do good for the continent, for the people and for yourselves. Her mother was often told by other women, "You and
your child will die poor." After two weeks of working in that village, it was time to go back. And we are now in the process of raising the full endowment. The library of the Free University, which opened
last year, is an example of that. No pun intended. I mean, this is all very depressing, right -- people have conflicts of interest, we don't see it, and so on. for its customers and its suppliers and for
itself. They said, OK, it's not about systemic change. It's not about huge, ridiculous things that we need to do. The wall was covered with ... And somehow, through some dynamic effect, we're having these
geysers which are being, you know, emitted from it. And the answer is, perhaps, that you use these guys, Bacillus pasteurii, a micro-organism that is readily available in wetlands and marshes, and does
precisely that. A writer named Ted Williams called me, and he was asking me a couple of questions about what I saw, because he's writing an article for Audubon magazine. And lastly, some people are using
Hulu actually as a device to get rid of their cable bill. But the nearest would be "glory," a reputation. It's a compelling picture, a kind of cosmic symphony, where all the richness that we see in the world
around us emerges from the music that these little, tiny strings can play. It is very useful in certain circumstances. but they won't necessarily be the same. Probably the most important third-party development
came from a little company in Virginia called Summize. What is certain is that the individual talent exhibited in such abundance here, needs to turn its attention to that collaborative, messy, frustrating,
contentious and impossible world of politics and public policy. Mine was 146. Man: Very pleased to welcome you back. They rush as fast as they can to get to their port. We have to develop the gluten. I learned
that it was against the law in Kenya. Right? That would explain it, right? And I do believe that business will move the great mass of humanity forward. This is fantastic." And he said to me, "Well, do you
have money?" And I said, "No." And he said, "That's okay, we can still figure it out." And on December 4, he organized three thousand members of the Youth Communist League, from 14 of the top law schools,
who organized themselves, developed posters with the new laws, and went to the police stations and began what he says is a non-violent legal revolution to protect citizen rights. Now, the average house
has about 300 megawatt hours of embodied energy in it; but we can't see what holds them apart or what draws them together. But recently, I've become intrigued by a different way of thinking of large human
crowds, because there are circumstances where they can do something really cool. And trekking in Nepal is an extraordinary experience, particularly if you pack your bags properly and you know what you're
getting in for and you're psyched. And that's all the Bush administration's leadership, and it's all because of this bottom-up pressure and the fact that the phones haven't stopped ringing from the beginning
of this crisis. As a matter of fact he did know Willie Brown, and Willie Brown and Herbie and I had dinner four years ago, and we started drawing out that center on the tablecloth. Therefore all of you,
in the Buddhist view, in some previous life, although you don't remember it and neither do I, have been my mother -- for which I do apologize for the trouble I caused you. So how can you live little? I want
to start out by saying, I talk about this -- about keeping women in the workforce -- because I really think that's the answer. I wrote a letter to my girls that appears at the end of my book, "The Council
of Dads," and I listed these lessons, a few of which you've heard here today: Approach the cow, pack your flipflops, don't see the wall, live the questions, harvest miracles. You know, another way to look
at that, and related to the content and, you know, thinking about space, is to connect sort of virtual worlds to space. He said, "If the one tribe included a great number of courageous, sympathetic who
are always ready to aid and defend each other, this tribe would succeed better and conquer the other." My left hemisphere -- our left hemisphere -- is a very different place. LG: Six -- six with the thumb. And
that creates some new blocks for you, and also creates a little scoreboard that keeps track of the score, so each time I click on "change score," it increments the score. If you have clothes, and you don't
have enough time to wash them, he brought a washing machine to your doorstep, mounted on a two-wheeler. Government cut through all the red tape, we got foreign vets on it. It was great. So the way I tend
to think of it is like a hierarchy of cyber-needs in space, a total rip-off from Abraham Maslow. And it takes all the infrared available at night, converts it into an electron in the space of two small
films, and is enabling you to play an image which you can see through. If they do have, they cannot retain those teachers. I'm glad you heard earlier today, batteries are unbelievably energy -- lack of density
compared to fuel. That's the police, getting rid of it all. This was given to me by the chairman of Shiseido. So I immediately called her up, of course. Peter Diamandis: Probably the most difficult thing that
I had to do was raise the capital for this. It was literally impossible. It's whatever takes my fancy, really. This is people expanding debt, drawing down their savings, just to stay in the game. So they
actually switched to leaving some of the microbial community in the ileum. They leave the microbes with the donor, and theoretically that might help the people who are receiving this ileal transplant. So
I want you to imagine that these nine biscuits that I found in the bin represent the global food supply, We've been selling it since about last September, October, and it's been immensely gratifying. And
that's the nickname given to this disease. The idea of this air genie is, it's something that can just transform and become anything. Can we do it another way, using the language of particles around a nucleus,
and talk about the body as an energy center? And I've come here to ask you today: what radical tactical shift can you take in your relationship to the environment, that our children and our grandchildren
live in a safe world and a secure world, and most importantly, in a sustainable world? When the kids arrive they're confronted with lots of stuff: wood and nails and rope and wheels, and lots of tools,
real tools. I know the free market fundamentalists will tell you that more growth, more stuff and nine billion people going shopping is the best we can do. The only way that I would say it was a mistake
is in that we didn't react to it. In the ongoing debate about globalization, what's been missing is the voices of the workers themselves. First time I'm feeling like a human being. Perhaps even worse is when
it finds its way into our oceans, like in the great plastic gyre, where these materials are being mechanically broken into smaller and smaller bits, but they're not really going away. So how does a place
cell know where the rat or person is within its environment? This is roughly between 100 and 150 million, today. and I've got a picture of it here. So they go into a meeting room, they get together, and they
talk about stuff that doesn't really matter usually. Even here, there is another grower, you see, very interested in the bugs, the bad ones and the good ones, wearing this magnifier already on her head,
just walking safely in her crop. I came back in '86. So what are the applications? One thing, he put a bird in there, and he pumped all the air out, and the bird died. So he said, hmm ... We did this with
15 and 18 month-old babies. Now you must write a sequel, and this is what will happen ..." And everybody's eyes just pop wide open like it's going to fall out of their heads. And now I can start talking about
parallel and series circuits. Ahh! We come upon them, the clandestine lovers. Let's draw them out. and his case went all the way to the Supreme Court, believe it or not, the case over the golf cart, because
the law says that the disabled must be accommodated, provided the accommodation does not change the essential nature of the activity. On that self, it should be centered -- a bigness, a wholeness. Because
at first I wanted -- you know, I've taken him on a couple of trips, but I wanted him to see people that live on a dollar a day or less. Well, actually, there are two sides to the story. You can see the Copacabana
on the left-hand side. I look a little like Moses, or Ted Kaczynski. There are other questions like this, too. But I found that the problems of psychology seemed to be parallel to the problems of technology,
entertainment and design in the following way. What I'm about to show you is a diabetic ulcer. So I've had to do quite a lot of training. because I want to talk to you later. So luckily, the science -- no,
sorry -- the marketing is getting easier. If we ask Einstein, he would say, "Whether the cow crossed the road, or the road moved underneath the cow, depends on your frame of reference." And after circulating
around the world came back in a form that was tremendously lethal. I'm very sorry if you have the flu, I know it's horrible, but we're not going to spend billions of dollars trying to reduce the duration
of your flu symptoms by half a day. Aviation Week asked me to make a list of who I thought were the movers and shakers of the first 100 years of aviation. That was the power of that word that he was able
to do. Now, I'm no more anti-cattle than I am anti-atom, but it's all in the way we use these things. And we hope if you have EG two years from now, or whenever you have it again, I won't have bad breath,
and I will be invited back, and will have, hopefully by then, maybe 100 million out there to children. And now this is the early era of wearable robotics. To which I need only add, "Ez a mi munkank; es nem
is keves." And the reason why this becomes so much easier is -- you can see on the bottom -- the hands are making the motions, and the instruments are following those motions exactly. And over the past 20
years, we've spent record amounts of philanthropic dollars on social problems, yet educational outcomes, malnutrition, incarceration, obesity, diabetes, income disparity, they've all gone up with some
exceptions -- in particular, infant mortality among people in poverty -- but it's a great world that we're bringing them into as well. I mean, it's just a losing proposition. and the same with polar bears. The
first one is that these little 18 month-old babies have already discovered this really profound fact about human nature, that we don't always want the same thing. And I went down into the neighborhood called
Bayview-Hunters Point, and I said, "The mayor sent me down here to work with you and I want to build a center with you, but I'm not going to build you anything if you don't want it. The problems in Africa,
however, as we've been discussing for the whole of these first couple of days of TED, are major problems. they just swooped in the air and bound, and something happened. More puffs, or more intense puffs,
make the state last for a longer period of time. And I'm dropping a little dot for each one of these things; they're evenly spaced because they're 30 apart. So, you have some really happy person holding
10 balloons, and some really sad soul holding one balloon. So life appeared on Earth within half a billion years of it being possible, which is short compared to the 10-billion-year lifetime of a planet
of Earth type. How can we measure what makes a school system work? Andreas Schleicher walks us through the PISA test, a global measurement that ranks countries against one another -- then uses that same
data to help schools improve. Watch to find out where your country stacks up, and learn the single factor that makes some systems outperform others. And these crows use sticks in the wild to get insects
and whatnot out of pieces of wood. If one looks carefully, on the Congo River is one of those bright lights. And that's the very Congo river generating light -- the old heart of darkness now generating
light with hydro-electric power. But it turns out I was wrong, right? Because the iPod came out, and it violated every bit of common wisdom. And therefore progress depended on learning how to reject the
authority of learned men, priests, traditions and rulers. So it knows something about the subject; it knows about the length. They have a tremendous passion to learn. Chef: Oh, you don't know? Let me tell
you something. "Oh no. Thanks though, I'll leave them here. Thanks very much. And this in turn tends to be followed by this quotation marks-like symbol. "Daily Battles." Festivals promote diversity, they bring
neighbors into dialogue, they increase creativity, they offer opportunities for civic pride, they improve our general psychological well-being. I want you to bring her home because we don't have safe homes."
The story of this little girl: She had been raped by her paternal grandfather every day for six months. We're being critical of the West, the perception of the West about our identity -- about the image
that is constructed about us, about our women, about our politics, about our religion. So, for example, we smile when we feel happy, but also, when we're forced to smile by holding a pen in our teeth like
this, it makes us feel happy. But I can read this map, Alright. Well if larger markets increase the incentive to produce new ideas, how do we maximize that incentive? I tend to like science, where what we
see and can ascertain are the foundation of what we know. Its structure contains, with ever-increasing precision, the structure of everything. This place, and not other places in the universe, is a hub
which contains within itself the structural and causal essence of the whole of the rest of physical reality. And so, far from being insignificant, the fact that the laws of physics allow this, or even
mandate that this can happen, is one of the most important things about the physical world. Now, staying on this brand thing for just a few more seconds, think about delivery mechanisms. And now, together,
what we can see on this ocean of color that's temperature, we can see ten-day worms of makos and salmon sharks. They're typically buried in the ground. Thirdly, when Norden was making his calculations, he
assumed that a plane would be flying at a relatively slow speed at low altitudes. I reached into my down jacket for a drink from my water bottle, inside my down jacket, only to discover that the water was
already frozen solid. This is true. And yet here we are, my church in Oxford, semi-detached from events that happened a long way away, but with our faith bruised. Buckminster Fuller was the kind of green
guru -- again, a word that had not been coined. And we're all acutely aware: what's it going to mean in the future when we ask someone to pay a hundred dollars for a symphony, opera or ballet ticket, when
that cultural consumer is used to downloading on the internet 24 hours a day for 99 cents a song or for free? Last lesson, from a Latin American: This is the great poet Jorge Luis Borges. And he's still
a little confused, but I think that anyone who talks to me for more than a couple of minutes realizes I'm not exactly a terrorist threat. It's 28 percent in organ donation. Every act of communication is,
in some way, an act of translation. Onstage at TEDxRainier, writer Chris Bliss thinks hard about the way that great comedy can translate deep truths for a mass audience. A crisis of desire, as in owning
the wanting -- desire as an expression of our individuality, of our free choice, of our preferences, of our identity -- desire that has become a central concept as part of modern love and individualistic
societies. This is my wife and I cooking breakfast in the kitchen, Many species of mosses, and then all sorts of lichens just plastering the tree. I would be willing to bet that I'm the dumbest guy in the
room because I couldn't get through school. I struggled with school. This is undoubtedly the single biggest ethical problem facing medicine today. It may still exist; I don't know. So, there's going to be
a tremendous struggle. They used to throw candy to the kids. This is actually digits that we're engineering. Ultimately, maybe it won't even be fashion where we see these microbes have their impact. they did
it for themselves. And one day, a vessel not unlike this will probably break the world speed record. The third element of the nuclear terror threat is that, who would actually do such a thing? And they funded
two weeks of shooting in New York. this is a little spectrophotometer. So, off I went into Friday afternoon traffic, and I'll never forget what I saw when I got there. Who designed this? Yeah, that was a hard
one. I couldn't find a way to tidy that up properly, so I just decided to make it a little bit more simpler. I mean, folic acid, iron tablets -- very cheap, affordable cures exist So why was this woman
dying? They read the textbook twice, or three times or four times. And then finally, if you've got the community and you've got the high expectations and you've got researchers producing researchers, you
have to have people who are willing as faculty to get involved with those students, even in the classroom. And if I took that journey, no matter whether it failed or succeeded, it would be completely irrelevant.
The point was that I would have something to hook the questions of -- is humankind fundamentally evil? Every article on Wikipedia has a corresponding discussion page, I had thought always -- and in fact,
had written this in my first book; this was a book about gardening -- that lawns were nature under culture's boot, that they were totalitarian landscapes, and that when we mowed them we were cruelly suppressing
the species and never letting it set seed or die or have sex. It's very encouraging. One and a half million dollars for six weeks' work. We're going to win because we are willing to stand up for our dreams." Anonymous:
Dear Fox News, it has come to our unfortunate attention that both the name and nature of Anonymous has been ravaged. We are realizing that this is true. and one way of looking at that is to do behavioral
studies whereby we bring people into the lab and we give them some kind of behavioral task, and I'll just give you We need to bring health and food and education and respect for all God's citizens, all
God's children, remembering mama eternal. I'm not pointing the finger at America in a blaming way. I'm simply saying, this is who we are right now. It's how we understand the world inside and reflect it
outside into this tight loop. That's not so surprising. And I want to close with two quick stories to illustrate this. Again, you can do that outside and just let it dry in the air. We were all excited to
start, but the numbers hit us then: Is it dental surgery you want? General surgery you want? There was rolled up turkey cold cuts, rolled up ham cold cuts, rolled up roast beef cold cuts and little cubes
of cheese. Before we do that, I want to kind of put biology in its place. It's a real pump. You could actually pop the balloon. We're actually doing the launch of two new studies of actually scanning babies'
brains from the moment they're born. Risks that really move architecture even with all its flaws, into a space which is much better that the ever again repeated hollowness of a ready-made thing. But it's
still a very one-to-one kind of relationship. And this piece here is -- I don't know what it is. So I changed tack. I have a brother in-law named Bobo -- which is a whole other story. and we've had, I think,
a really fun culture at our company, which helps people work and enjoy what they're doing. It all happened within five miles of where I'm standing, at Stanford University, between 1960 and 1975. because
some harsh realizations are coming along. In other words, can we eat to starve cancer? So if you ever fantasize about going back in time and seeing what a dinosaur looked like, that's what a dinosaur looks
like. It's a lobster made of playdough that's afraid of the dark. Don't leave before you leave. Graduate students wanted a way of telling which stage they were in. You're a Californian utopian. You're a wild-eyed
optimist. You can't be a pissed-off pack. You can't be bearing grudges, The story begins in the Iran-Iraq war with one episode from that sequence of events that most of you would be very familiar with, because
we're talking about the Iran-Iraq war of 539 BC and 2003 and in between What you're looking at is Rembrandt's painting, now in the National Gallery in London, illustrating the text from the prophet Daniel
in the Hebrew scriptures. But you lose that contract for a major brand name, that's the difference between staying in business or going bankrupt. I would like to see that change, and the change starts with
us. It's the beginning. God knows, you don't want to hurt this world-renowned expert. They would anesthetize people, convulse them, but the real difficulty was that there was no way to paralyze muscles. Remember
that good things come in threes and so do bad things. Text: BeatJazz. When I talk about Antarctica, people often say, "Hasn't, you know, that's interesting, hasn't that Blue Peter presenter just done it
on a bike?" They each do their own thing, flashing on and off, paying no attention to their neighbors. People are less kind. There is less trust around. Computer voices are sometimes not very sophisticated,
but with my computer, I can communicate more widely than ever before. Now, another thing is the sensory issues. And I saw my work come alive. And I says, "Well, try me." KT: No, no, no, no. I'm a historian
by training, and what I study in that case is the way that people have dealt with anatomy -- meaning human bodies, animal bodies -- how they dealt with bodily fluids, concepts of bodies; how have they
thought about bodies. And look at the position of the old West. Now, places that didn't do this -- New York City for example, Moscow, Jakarta -- we're talking, at its peak, one in two injectors infected
with this fatal disease. So, what next? I actually think this is about as good as we're going to do with today's technology, so let's move on with the problem. They have to, in fact, make sure this ice never
gets warmer than about 20 degrees below zero, otherwise, the key gases inside it will dissipate. I did not feel that I could live in a city and thrown like garbage on the street. Eighteen and 19, the middle
of the Moleeds, 0.618 is the golden section. Multiply them together, 18.618 x 19.618 is 365.247. If you have appendicitis, they take your appendix out, and you're cured. Not like hot water made cold, or
cold water turned hot, but water boiled off and becoming steam. And it occurs everywhere -- you know, why bother? And in this way, the way that E8 comes in is it will be as a shape that's attached at each
point in space-time. And there's my "note to self" at the top: "lots of engineering." I want to turn everything we know right now about detecting viruses and the spectrum of viruses that are out there into,
let's say, a small chip. Because if you do, then you end up acting like a crazy person, and stoning adulterers, or -- here's another example. Well, that's another. I did spend some time shepherding. I mean,
compared to all these people who hate me when I try to speak their language and hate me more when I don't, these people are just wonderful." And so you tour France with them, and then you get home and
you invite them over for dinner, and what do you find? And we need collusion. So what we did is we put two capuchin monkeys side-by-side. I was driving down 7th Avenue one night at 3 a.m., and this steam
pouring out of the street, and I thought, "What causes that?" And that -- The Temple of Dendur at the Metropolitan in New York -- it's a very somber place. These individuals' prenatal experience of starvation
seems to have changed their bodies in myriad ways. Obviously experimentation is very important. And sure enough, the four year-olds used the evidence to wave the object on top of the detector. Yes, it is
a scrambled egg. It's so simple, so dry. Well, I think it's about four steps, roughly speaking, starting with posing the right question. And that is a circumstance that could supply the chemical energy and
the chemical compounds needed to sustain life. We have seven children in my family. And down at 100 they would build civilian nuclear energy, which is what they say is their objective. And I'll just give
you two examples of this because of the time constraints. So, yes, you can lose weight, but your heart isn’t happy. This is better than a mall. It's much denser. Same thing for processor speeds. I invite you
into three recent stories of mine, which are about this way of looking, if you will, which I believe exemplify the tenets of what I like to call compassion in storytelling. You cut down that tree, the rain
forest collapses as an ecosystem. Now, most of the phones there are not second-hand at all. So what do we find? What do we find in the gang? Well, let me say one thing. We really got access to everybody
in the gang. Another world was opening up around this time: performance and dancing. And this is just very simple -- time is on the X-axis and the force is on the Y-axis. And you can see two peaks. Is it
something about the details or the colors? They all deserved to win, but there's the element of luck. The man with no legs says, "I can see as far as the end of the world, but I can't save myself from a
cat, or whatever animals." We're spending so much money to try to replicate this campaign. Measurement is the lifeblood of science and progress. We do have to see this as a deadly battlefield. Is it cost-competitive? And
I ended up in student health, and they ran some labwork and came back right away, and said, "Kidney problems." So, in writing for children, it seems simple, and it is. So these are examples of this idea
of open-source security. The key to heroism is two things. Forty percent attendance to 93 percent attendance. And that's what magic is to me, so, thank you. And before I tell you the ways that you can spend
it that will make you happier, let's think about the ways we usually spend it that don't, in fact, make us happier. He could just deliver them. And he didn't mean the comfort of a five-course dinner as opposed
to a one-course meal, but he really meant the comfort of the quality of the building for the people. The day after, Iranians started to respond with their own posters. Now, the measure of a society is not
only what it does, but the quality of its aspirations. He showed 148, they showed it's dangerous for the sensitive group. In my team, the lives of one or two of my colleagues were tainted by this experience. This
is a newt re-growing its limb. In order to have soft power, you have to be connected. And I'm a grown woman now, You know, they can be about function and beauty; they can be about business strategy. And that's
his actual photograph. I didn't want to clash with people. The Women's League of Burma, 11 individual organizations of Burmese women came together because there's strength in numbers. All of origami comes
from that. We grew up taking for granted a lot of the things that my parents couldn't take for granted when they grew up -- things like power always on in our houses, things like schools across the street
and hospitals down the road and popsicles in the backyard. This is "Soft Sell" for 42nd Street. Bandwidth and power and a wide variety of processes that will be operating. BF: ... without a MacArthur grant. But
it's this process of trial and error that explains this great divergence, this incredible performance of Western economies. And you put a drop, in this case, of urine at the bottom. They said they were going
to beat us up if we didn't make some gunpowder for them. First I set up a shop in my own garden, and made pottery which I sold on the marketplace in Budapest. What became very clear was that, within a few
days, the outpouring of information was immense, and we got a complete and powerful picture of what had happened And what you had was a group of essentially unorganized, unconnected writers, video bloggers,
etc., who were able to come up with a collective portrait of a disaster that gave us a much better sense of what it was like to actually be there than the mainstream media could give us. He knows who's
been there, when they were there. Well, I was inspired, for my architectural form, by tafoni, which look a little bit like this, this is a model representation of it. It turns out that we can measure different
forms of happiness. Being human is an art form. You've got bran, which is probably the healthiest part of the bread for us, or the fiber for us because it is just loaded with fiber, for the bran is fiber. Well
let it suffice to say that we felt a bit overwhelmed with testosterone. So at the actual trial, all six of the teenagers testified, and indicated the identifications they had made in the photo array. Certainly
that's true for most of human prehistory. That's wrong, for me, if you want to raise entrepreneurs. Well robots like this have many applications. And in return, we just tried to kill them all the time. We've
done three. We're planning another one in July in the north of the country. So, we certainly still do open-heart, but you can see the contrast between everything that was shipped in -- we ship everything,
instruments. We had explosions because the kit was designed and installed by people who weren't used to it. "Ahh, listen to me Mr. Titchmarsh." And then, at one in the afternoon, they're totally crashing. But
I understood he wanted to tell me something. I'm fascinated with the idea of what happens when you merge biology with technology, and I remember reading about this idea of being able to reprogram biology,
in the future, away from disease and aging. Now, it actually gets better than this. Cognitive researcher Nancy Etcoff looks at happiness -- the ways we try to achieve and increase it, the way it's untethered
to our real circumstances, and its surprising effect on our bodies. You know, I am so bad at tech that my daughter -- who is now 41 -- when she was five, was overheard by me to say to a friend of hers,
If it doesn't bleed when you cut it, my daddy doesn't understand it. Benjamin Wallace on the price of happiness and the most amazing feedback loop of all kicks in, and he whispers "wow" and instinctively
I echo back the same. And now the boys and the girls get them. This was the worst month of my life. And I was talking to this group of students, and take a look at them. Anybody see an object there? We may
see the eradication of polio this year. EB: Now the spacecraft actually has to decide when it's going to get rid of its parachute. We've become addicted to their certainty, their assuredness, and in the
process, we have ceded our responsibility, substituting our intellect and our intelligence for their supposed words of wisdom. This is what I carried up the mountain. Now you've lost your arm above the elbow. My
failure to procure myself a cup of sweet, green tea was not due to a simple misunderstanding. So he sat down -- and I imagine he had nothing more than a simple piece of paper and a pencil -- and he tried
to write down, and did write down, the simplest function that he could think of which had the boundary conditions that the wave function vanish when things touch and is smooth in between. and that's what
we have in our commercials today. What's the validity in the real world? Among the 200 million migrant workers, 60 percent of them are young people. Super Bowl. I heard it over here. It was the date of the
Super Bowl. I thought, well, you know, interesting, but a guy from CERN, he's not going to do this. And the blue side, the compliment, faces the other way. So we are gaining the potential to overcome these
problems. This was a tragedy, but it really forced us to refocus what it is that we were doing. When he does this, it's not, "Take your Stradivarius and like Jimi Hendrix, smash it on the floor." It's not
that. It wasn't what they expected. Other creatures, like the crows, aren't very good at doing anything in particular, but they're extremely good at learning about laws of different environments. And they
did things like train Americans to help protect the coal. Well there are many molecules that exist in nature, which are able to convert light into electricity. Does anybody remember these? He started as somebody
who would denounce harmdoers, he would charge up to people who were violating international law, and he would say, you're violating, this is the U.N. Charter. So I moved to Baltimore to be near my doctors
and enrolled in a conservatory nearby. This is L.A., The Echo Park Time Travel Mart: "Whenever You Are, We're Already Then." And I remembered -- I used to spend a lot of time out on commercial fishing boats
-- I remember fishermen telling me they can always tell when a basking shark's been caught in the net because it leaves this black slime behind. And what I've learned since that event and during my recovery
is that consciousness is under threat on this planet in ways it's never been under threat before. I've hinted at them: education and also economic opportunity. Nobody would want to give them up. This tag
rides on the tuna, senses the environment around the tuna and actually will come off the fish, detach, float to the surface and send back to Earth-orbiting satellites position data estimated by math on
the tag, pressure data and temperature data. PM: Yeah, the house lights and we'll see you all better and be able to fly the plane better. Everyone comes back from heaven, but never from hell. And I don't
have much time. But these new materials bring such incredible innovations that there's a strong basis for hope that these things will be so profitable that they can be brought to the market. The Digital
Highway would follow the rutted trail first blazed by Alexander Graham Bell. Just look at Google Maps here. There's Block 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19. Now, Chopin didn't want to reach the E there, because what
will have happened? It will be over, like Hamlet. Do you remember Hamlet? Act one, scene three, he finds out that his uncle killed his father. and they did his silly hairstyles, or whatever. Last year, hundreds
of volunteer biology and chemistry researchers around the world worked together to sequence the genome of the parasite responsible for some of the developing world's worst diseases: African sleeping sickness,
leishmaniasis and Chagas disease. She slept with the hyenas. She hid at night. And I was so thrilled. Seth Godin on standing out I watch faces. I only managed to do it by chewing more coca leaves in one day
than anyone in the 4,000-year history of the plant. Interviewer: Right. So it was quite small -- Engineer: Yes. Interviewer: -- but real? Tommy Mizzone: Tonight we're going to play you two songs. Growth is
faster, and with projection from IMF you can see where you expect them to be in 2014. These are standard in all the industrialized worlds. Our neighborhood was full of large families, where fathers were
the heads of households, Second, if you're pre-menopausal, try to schedule your mammogram in the first two weeks of your menstrual cycle, when breast density is relatively lower. Applause for Dan. intuitive
things, to do exactly what you expect. She's my friend, Dr. Shirin Ebadi, the first Muslim woman to receive the Nobel Peace Prize. He said, "As a kid." He said, "Actually, it was a problem for me at school,
because at school, everybody wanted to be a fireman." They're going to be willing to brainstorm, name suspects, provide details. Even Carl Jung, the psychologist who first popularized these terms, said that
there's no such thing as a pure introvert or a pure extrovert. These tools are obvious and people want them. Correlation in itself doesn't prove causality. and they spell his name and fly around. And that
is what Nick did, up to a point. It's about your own interpretation and doing something different." Everybody in this room has heard the worst-case scenarios. You need everybody to be involved in trying to
provide whatever it is that make humanity a better place. So first of all we did deals with 50 different countries. Those of you who've never looked at their website, you should look at it. It's really impressive.
And you can see how the Internet penetration has changed over the years. In three dimensions, we did a project last year at TEDGlobal with Autodesk and Arthur Olson where we looked at autonomous parts --
so individual parts not pre-connected that can come together on their own. These guys could go to jail for up to seven years if they were caught by authorities. This is $10, whether you have a public or
a private health service system. This is where you can provide health service for your family and school for your children, and this is OECD countries: Green, Latin America, East Europe. And you're completely
flamed out. Don't do it. Bright as a button. All the ducks in a row. So this is from a virtual autopsy. I danced between chemo and radiation cycles and badgered him to fit it to my performing dance schedule. What
you need to do here is identify as quickly as possible the color of the ink in which these words are printed. When I was just a little girl, my mom started what is now the longest-running women's film festival
in the world. In the ocean, what is the common point between oil, plastic and radioactivity? At one hand, we all want to look at ourselves in the mirror and feel good about ourselves, so we don't want to
cheat. And I said, "But what if they drive into a ditch?" I have no career -- And a month later, TED phoned me up and gave me this award. 23 -- 24, sorry, 24. Carlo Ratti: Architecture that senses and responds So
at this point, we've left the water, and now with this little creature -- we could bring up the volume a little bit -- and now we might try to eat. Now there are a group of scientists living in Texas, working
in the Gulf of Mexico Because of course they didn't tell us that they had three station wagons full of drawings, model concepts, pictures -- everything I wanted, they'd locked up in the cars, because they
had shown solidarity with the engineers -- and they'd decided not to show me anything, in order to give the chance for problem solving a chance to start, because they hadn't realized, of course, that they
couldn't do problem creating. I want you to get as close to that camel as you possibly can." The other was Indian cricket. So I've got a very brief clip here that was taken in the late 1980s. So for us, this
was a graphic public campaign called Connect Bertie. There are thousands of these blue dots all over the county. These women, many from small towns in India, help keep the peace, far away from home and
family. These things really interested me. This is probably a better picture. Because it's not enough to remove a leader or ruler or dictator. Its banking sector was 10 times the GDP of the rest of the economy. This
little syringe contains the moral molecule. And he did spend a lot of time up to no good. It started to become hard to raise operational costs, operational budgets. So there was no job, no food. The exponential
growth of computing started decades before Gordon Moore was even born. In fact, every time I read in Ireland, people get me all mistaken and they say, "Oh, this is Chris O'Barney from Cork." It is moving
around, exploring its environment, and remodeling its environment, as you see, by these chemical waves that are forming by the protocell. all this compute power to apply to make things do the right things, And
people came together focused only on those two values: truth and reconciliation. It was still governments telling people what to do. We mourn each one or we mean nothing at all. And this is what we wanted
him to capture -- what it means to have setbacks and then aspirations. This aversion to social values may seem at odds with the explosion of community service programs. You know, we're going to do this,
we're going to take it away from something else. Behind issues of security and safety, which have always been the arguments for social control, in fact what is going on is that these institutions are trying
to decide who, in fact, has a right to self determine their attention, to decide, whether they should, or not, be isolated. When I grew up and realized that science fiction was not a good source for superpowers,
I decided instead to embark on a journey of real science, to find a more useful truth. Someone who would not grant Casey Martin the right to a golf cart, what would be your reason? TD: So, since we've been
here this week, we've taken millions of breaths, collectively, and perhaps we haven't witnessed any course changes happening in our lives, but we often miss the very subtle changes. You can do it by getting
yourself in a situation where you put more tattoos and earrings in places humans don't want to know. in the other side of the world. We have to figure out why we keep letting this happen, because we are
in the midst of what may be our highest-stakes gamble of all -- deciding what to do, or not to do, about climate change. One of those things is contributing to a cause larger than yourself. But then we moved. They
are using Flip cameras to record, edit, and reporting to their own channel, Kibera TV. But, the fact still is that it's not just that. I wanted to have humor, beauty, simplicity and complexity and use metaphors
to suggest ideas. and, you see, there's no more red here; I said, "Well, Ben, what do you do?" I have further results, which are almost unbelievable, of scores which go up with time. Make a decision and give
me some blood. The nurse was coming at me with this beautiful, beautiful child, and I remember, as she was approaching me, the voices of friends saying, "The moment they put the baby in your hands, you
will feel a sense of love that will come over you that is [on] an order of magnitude more powerful than anything you've ever experienced in your entire life." But right now, most of the companies involved
in these supply chains don't have any way of assuring us that nobody had to mortgage their future, nobody had to sacrifice their rights to bring us our favorite brand name product. After a lamppost flew
by, my family and I sprinted into the basement. I get to hand my camera to my assistant, and I'm looking up at him, and I'm going, "Woo. Woo. Woo." Now I don't pretend to have any Irish, but in Kerry they
were often known as "Ainmhide na seolta," the monster with the sails. Their acuity -- our acuity is 20/20; babies' acuity is like 20/800, so they are looking at the world in a very, very blurry fashion. And
if I know the scale of the orbit I know the radius. In this guise of living object approach, I like the idea of a kind of invisible design, as if the function of the object exists in a kind of invisible
field just around the objects themselves. I don't know even if there is something called a conditioned reflex. I had no clue what she was talking about, but it was convincing enough for me never to draw
again until the ninth grade. Thanks to a really boring lecture, Visiting Greenland was more like traveling back in time than just traveling very far north. Now if you go to my bank records, it'll actually
show something from there, so you know that, on May 9th, that I bought $14.79 in fuel from Safeway Vallejo. We now live in a country where most of us don't decide, by and large, what we eat. We see big
businesses, Monsanto and DuPont, who brought out Agent Orange and stain-resistant carpet. An 80 cent gallon means, if the entire Pacific would convert to crude oil, and we'd let any oil company bring it
out and refine it, they still can't compete with two cents a mile. If you share a marker with someone, it means you share an ancestor at some point in the past, the person who first had that change in their
DNA. Take-out sandwich shops, film processing drop-offs, peep-shows and necktie stores. In Umar's home country of Nigeria, a 95 percent reduction in the number of children paralyzed by polio last year. Architect
Kate Orff sees the oyster as an agent of urban change. Bundled into beds and sunk into city rivers, oysters slurp up pollution and make legendarily dirty waters clean -- thus driving even more innovation
in "oyster-tecture." Orff shares her vision for an urban landscape that links nature and humanity for mutual benefit. If you're the second site there, most people link to you. Out here today, there are a
bunch of people -- Ahmadinejad for example -- who would like not only to build a bomb, but test a bomb. The greatest irony in global health is that the poorest countries carry the largest disease burden. You
might say, "Well there's nothing there to be living," but that's not right. DH: There's still one more by my foot. Everyone in the world respects Nelson Mandela, everyone reveres Nelson Mandela. This must
be true because a Scotsman said it. So that's kind of giving you an idea of the kind of, you know, fun things we are doing on Mars. For example, traditionally, the education of the very young children was
seen as the business of families, and you would have cases where women were seen as neglecting their family responsibilities when they sent their children to kindergarten. And for some reason they didn't
want me to come, or it was hard to find a time and a place, and it took a while, but finally they said, "Okay, you can come. This particular tunnel is interesting because it shows the original foundations
of Bloomingdale Insane Asylum, which was demolished in 1890 when Columbia moved in. Just, you've got to stop doing what you're doing, so you can have this meeting." Also in 1871, we ended the time of treaty-making. So
this terrorism concern is also part of the global commons, and what we must address. Everybody advised me not to be a nonprofit, but they were all wrong. So if a third of the world population is going to
increase its meat consumption from 25 to 80 on average, and a third of the world population is living in China and in India, we're having an enormous demand on meat. And then he said, "Well, I must give
them a car that they can afford, one lakh car, $2,000 car." Of course, as soon as you say something like this people say it is impossible, and that's what was said by Suzuki. No, there have been any number
of people saying this over the last seven years. And that is, that when they analyzed the Diet Pepsi data, they were asking the wrong question. We should have a 'Fifth Sense' for missing-sense people who
cannot speak. We know that liars will unconsciously distance themselves from their subject using language as their tool. If a portion of a Redwood is rotting, the Redwood will send roots into its own form
and draw nutrients out of itself as it falls apart. If we could get evolution into the material world, then I propose we should have a general theory of evolution. And it's not just water that this works
with. We're in every state now, and the problems in Florida are different from the problems in New York. Kevin, can you help? Here he goes, and here's a short video. So eight minutes and an embedded computer
seemed to be all that we needed there. And let's understand: this is not an incremental sort of change. And while we've never heard the sounds from space, we really should, in the next few years, start to
turn up the volume on what's going on out there. The second problem that King David realized he could not solve was the problem of human suffering. Aaron Huey's effort to photograph poverty in America led
him to the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation, where the struggle of the native Lakota people -- appalling, and largely ignored -- compelled him to refocus. Five years of work later, his haunting photos intertwine
with a shocking history lesson in this bold, courageous talk from TEDxDU. He got sick again. He got sick on a Friday. We built this institution based on social justice, this idea of empowering women. Now
these decisions vary in the number of choices that they offer per decision. But we know it doesn't just happen, don't we? We know it takes a lot to make it happen, and we know the direction the world is
going in. And I've been studying it for a couple years. So, soon enough, he was writing. He would finish his homework early -- got really addicted to finishing his homework early. That has nothing to do with
it. And then what we get is our first mapping. One of the most popular websites in the world, run by the most powerful company in the world, and there was nothing that YouTube or Google were particularly
privileged to do about it. It also works five times better underwater. only 16 different assembly parts here. But ignore the top part. I wanted to check to find out how he'd calculated this, You bring in a
second group of people, and you say, "Oh, before we start, I got this box of candy, and I don't eat candy. Just look at all the joy that was spread through progressive rights management and new technology. And
I will tell you that what happened is through that shattering, listening to the stories of eight-year-old girls who had their insides eviscerated, who had guns and bayonets and things shoved inside them
so they had holes, literally, inside them where their pee and poop came out of them. We have entertainment people here; we have people who know how to do videos, with visual presentation of the anatomy
and procedure done with animation. An intransitive verb, such as "dine," for example, can't take a direct object. It's called the liquid metal battery. And this is a business for her, but it's milk for everybody
else. Now, Van Gogh doesn't know anything about physics, but I think it's very interesting that there was some work done to show that this eddy pattern in this painting followed a statistical model of turbulence,
which brings up the whole interesting idea of maybe some of this mathematical patterns is in our own head. Have a little turret there. And for good reason. But today democracy has become a bottom-up process
where everybody has realized the benefits of having a voice, the benefits of being in an open society. Discuss. Great creativity is astonishingly, absurdly, rationally, irrationally powerful. For over 10
days, I drifted between two dimensions. This is the movement from Americans defining their success on having things to having liquidity, because the less excess that you have around you, the more nimble
and fleet of foot you are. Yet, that car sits idle for 23 hours a day. Of course, old media companies and advertisers need to know this. So the whole thing has sort of morphed into this organic, ever-evolving
creature, that's actually gone way beyond Christine and I. I was in Shanghai recently, Because just that soil could make the acoustic difference. And he said, "Do you love it?" Here we see people that feel
"slipping," "nauseous," "responsible." Because if some of your troops get diarrhea they're not that effective on the battlefield. So taking on Morality with a capital M is a huge project. He would go onto
tell us that the Transition had been the easiest airplane to land that he'd flown in his entire 30-year career as a test pilot. The other problem you're going to run into is a lack of motivation. So here
is Ashdown's third law. And now, I realize that as the musician, we human beings, we have a great mind, artistic heart and skill that can change the 16th-century technology and a legendary design to a wonderful
entertainment. Well, one of the girls had taught herself to become the teacher. A hundred years ago, it's certainly true that to drive a car you kind of needed to know a lot about the mechanics of the car
and how the ignition timing worked and all sorts of things. And the flowers don't really have to be that gaudy. And I took blood from the bride and the groom and the wedding party and the family and the
friends before and immediately after the vows. Second, the geographies in which they work have terrible infrastructure -- They trust their ears. I saw the structure while I was on the train, and I got off
at the next station and met people there that gave me access to their catacomb-like basement, Now there are six cables and more coming, three down each coast. And we are bequeathing to the developing world
school systems that they will now spend a century trying to reform. It's not nearly as important as health. I mean, there is a major climate crisis, obviously, OK, so here is the sort of big idea: If you
look out at nature, you find that as you tend to see suspended animation, you tend to see immortality. Patient: Two. India has many because they are many. So, I say, "No, I make eye meat," instead. PH: In
my own company, Technorati, we see something like 67,000 blog posts an hour come in. We will talk today about local warming. Is there alien life out there? And that's great when I can degrade the tissue. And
so we thought, like in a game of musical chairs, might we be able to give a person some hydrogen sulfide, and might it be able to occupy that place like in a game of musical chairs where oxygen might bind? In
this room, right now, we've probably recorded more than almost all of human pre-ancient history. We found this last year. And it turned out he worked for an innovation company called ?What If!, which some
of you have probably heard of. So, Safe is the last exhibition that I did at MoMA and it ended at the beginning of last year. This is Norwegian Forestry Commission wood. If the reality is stagnation, I can
only go up if you go down. Internet,big bang,cosmos,education,history,humanity,universe,visualizations But thank you very much. Richard Dawkins: The universe is queerer than we can suppose And seeing them
makes it harder to deny their humanity. Now we've got technology. This thing is called an air ram. It's a frightening piece of equipment for the novice stunt performer, But look, it can't: AIDS, Iran-Contra,
the Challenger disaster, Chernobyl. Everybody's got one -- all of you. There are tens of thousands of miles of dewatered streams in the United States. He's a South Asian -- very dark-skinned South Asian. A
French historian said, two centuries later, "Seldom has so mighty an intellect submitted with such humility to the authority of Jesus Christ." It's very similar to what you do when you design your product. When
medicine became somewhat scientific, in about 450 BC, with Hippocrates and those boys, they tried to look for herbs, plants that would literally shake the bad spirits out. As you can imagine, I spent a
lot of time at airport security. And it's one of the difficult things is that when people have preconceptions of how it all works, it's quite difficult to shift those. For example, communality applies most
naturally within family or friends, but it can be used to try to transfer the mentality of sharing to groups that ordinarily would not be disposed to exercise it. For example, in brotherhoods, fraternal
organizations, sororities, locutions like "the family of man," you try to get people who are not related to use the relationship type that would ordinarily be appropriate to close kin. By actually taking
the opportunity that new technologies, new interactive technologies, present to re-script our interactions, to script them, not just as isolated, individuated interactions, but as collective aggregating
actions that can amount to something, we can really begin to address some of our important environmental challenges. For example, some in this room went to school on scholarship Support for engineering,
math and science -- education in general -- boomed. And it's transformed from being an ugly, unsafe, to becoming a beautiful, attractive, dignified sort of good address. And of course, I was immediately
intrigued. which is easier for me. TM: OK, now Dan will play his piece "My Eagle Song" for you. And if you really have a long day you can switch, and keep on driving around the island. Now, here's another
thing that happens, which is what I call sometimes "Terminal 5 syndrome," which is that big, expensive things get big, highly-intelligent attention, and they're great, and Terminal 5 is absolutely magnificent,
until you get down to the small detail, the usability, which is the signage, which is catastrophic. Even if you just try to get all of those ideas into your head by watching all those thousand TED videos,
it would actually currently take you over 250 hours to do so. You could have friendship relationships, sibling relationships, spousal relationships, co-worker relationships, neighbor relationships and the
like. He was like, I try and I make. And in the first video, you'll see the robot going from point A to point B through an intermediate point. They learned how to distinguish different species of mosses,
which, to tell you the truth, is a lot more than my undergraduate students at the Evergreen College can do. how much force it needs to exert to the surface so it doesn't tip and doesn't slip. Streets have
names; blocks are just the unnamed spaces in between streets." One of the things that made this campaign work is because we grew from two NGOs in 90 countries around the world, working together in common
cause to ban landmines. You can grow it underneath the skin. We realized that we had to name this thing that Alexander discovered. And as soon as the inevitability bit becomes a little bit unclear -- and
we might be in range of doing something about aging -- this becomes part of the problem. It goes all the way back to Aristotle. Because of this, commodity buyers and sellers typically transact in small circles,
in narrow networks of people they know and trust. People get up in the morning; they don't care about poverty. and we can open the book and swipe through the chapters to browse the book. And if you look at
things like the iPhone app, the fraction is considerably larger. Here in the United States, I think you see it in this election campaign: a longing for change. In Motihari in Champaran, there are a lot of
people who sell tea on the shack and, obviously, there's a limited market for tea. But there's noise added to this. So it's only been 20 years that women have been allowed to run the marathon. We'll go back
a little more than a year. And I want to say to that very clearly: nonsense. So they went out and they modeled a computer model of a sand dune. So here's a little black hole that we probably don't want to
get too close to. He invited all the princes to come and defeat his daughter at whistling. And of course, in the Buddhist cosmos there are millions and billions of planets with human life on it, and enlightened
beings can see the life on all the other planets. Well, I think that's it. You have to be able to remember what you've done. I fear abuse of power, and the power to abuse. We don't see it that way in the United
States, but you see it that way. And that was the year that they restored and re-released "Lawrence of Arabia." And I saw that thing seven times in one month. If I do a foldout page on the left-hand side
and let you just unfold it, you see behind it what I mean by scar tissue. The great majority of organisms on Earth remain unknown to science. And then I wondered: was there any relationship between how much
people changed their diet and lifestyle -- whichever group they were in -- and the changes in PSA? Michael and I were standing way at the side of the kitchen. Trust is an essential condition to a free society. But
the truth of the matter is that this is going on. And since we mixed elsewhere, I'm pretty sure that one day, when we will perhaps have a genome of also these earlier forms in Africa, we will find that
they have also mixed with early modern humans in Africa. And I really want you to focus on something as I take you through. So how would you run a whole country without oil? In Washington, the president of
the United States is sitting in the Oval Office, assessing whether or not to strike Al Qaeda in Yemen. But we have to ask: Is it possible that our universe is just a plume off of some greater history? If
there's a male mosquito that you release, and if there's a female around, that male will find the female. He knew that darkly pigmented peoples were found close to the equator; The overall neuropsychological
index of these trained individuals in this population is about two standard deviations. And you know, from an exploration perspective, this behavior makes complete sense. Because if you do, then what the
hell are you, what are the hell are we doing? The only question is, how short can you get? And we see a blip up in the truckers' purchases of fuel, and we know that a recession is about to end. and I do feel
that if we don't fight online crime, we are running a risk of losing it all. They thought, "Who would use it if you didn't?" It's a big deal. It sounds big, it sounds important, it sounds solid. It sounds
American. Ballsy, serious, male. But the idea was taken very quickly a little bit further when a scientist working at the Scientific Institute decided, "Why don't we try to package these little viruses
in artificial worlds inside of the computer and let them evolve?" So they all have his number. If I asked all of you, for example, in this room, what you want in a coffee, you know what you'd say? Every
one of you would say, "I want a dark, rich, hearty roast." Not you, but I feel this way. In the next month, the end of December, you'll see ovarian cancer, and then lung cancer will come several months after. Iranian-American
comedian Maz Jobrani takes to the TEDxSummit stage in Doha, Qatar to take on serious issues in the Middle East -- like how many kisses to give when saying “Hi,” and what not to say on an American airplane. It's
just very, very tiny, and there's lots of biophysical challenges with trying to compute information with tiny, tiny neurons. You check your email while you're sitting here. JH: I agree. And where the diver
is, this is probably where most of the reefs of the world are now, with very few corals, algae overgrowing the corals, lots of bacteria, and where the large animals are gone. And he was walking to the front
hall and out the front door just about the same time I hit some ice and met him at the front door with the car -- and almost ended up in the front hall. The gun may be one of the most important instruments
of peace and stability that we have in this world. business,history,technology,web Then I decided I had to get really smart, I would take this job in the West Coast. In that case, a parasite gets into a mouse
and it needs to get into the belly of a cat. I'm talking to you about the worst form of human rights violation, the third-largest organized crime, a $10 billion industry. They know that other things come
first -- the business of doing the work comes first, the business of getting it done. And my friend was preparing this big bowl, and I said, "What is it?" And she said, "It's for you. All empires, by definition,
are bumbling, shambolic, bullying, bureaucratic affairs, And then the movie about this person doing these things, then led to this greater renewal. His first time at TED, possibly a disadvantage -- we shall
see -- Professor Mark Jacobson. Good luck. And I think a lot of you received, I think all of you received one of these music books in your gift pack. but it's also time -- where the feet were, where the
balls were. Dan Gilbert asks, Why are we happy? The Internet is the first medium in history that has native support for groups and conversation at the same time. where Gavin Newsom created a beautiful policy
across all the mayors. Secondly, a political theorist who's going to talk about the crisis of democracy is probably not the most exciting topic you can think about. And I said "I'm going to put it in practice." And
whenever they made one of the two choices, chose one odor, in this case the blue one over the orange one, we switched on the lights. I'm going to talk about children and self-organization, and a set of
experiments which sort of led to this idea of what might an alternative education be like. You know that everybody thinks they should be eating more, and more, and more. It tells you that, in fact, our governments,
vertically constructed, constructed on the economic model of the Industrial Revolution -- vertical hierarchy, specialization of tasks, command structures -- have got the wrong structures completely. We
see deforestation; we see the desert spreading; we see massive hunger; we see disease and we see population growth in areas where there are more people living on a certain piece of land than the land can
possibly support, The first is the population that studied in a lecture-based classroom. But I do remember the lights on the oil rig off the Malaysian coast and the young man who collapsed and died, the
journey's end too much for him, and the first apple I tasted, given to me by the men on the rig. Getting closer to shore, where we are, this was in fact taken in the Galapagos. So here's an overhead warmer
and a CPAP. And yet another moon there -- This is, you know, a book. that, by the laws of quantum mechanics, branches into a state in which it is radiated and a state in which it is not. If I project that,
that would make me think that I would live until 120 if I don't crash on my motorbike. In the original Zen Bound game, you play it by scrolling your fingers over the pad. These empty portraits represent
individuals, living individuals, who couldn't be present. But the one thing that can be ever simulated is the human heart, the human soul. And I don't mean necessarily a technological definition of platform
here. They text me back this: "Sean Connery, George Lazenby, Roger Moore, Timothy Dalton, Pierce Brosnan, Daniel Craig." So the question is, how is the brain able to achieve this kind of efficiency? Now,
I'm going to skip ahead since I'm sort of running How can the brain generate that much information, that much music, spontaneously? Protocell A has a certain kind of chemistry inside that, when activated,
the protocell starts to vibrate around, just dancing. And we now have been able just to show the creation of human liver tissue just this past month using this technology. This is the job description of
a hospital janitor that is scrolling up on the screen. or they have a plan; I met Belinda when she was 16. And the mater has some scales and puts it all together. One billion dollars of our taxpayers' money
has been located in offshore bank accounts. He's got a reason not to get involved. William Kamkwamba: Thanks. And they had the farmers -- there is posters they put in the barn, and they have a DVD. Now, I'm
a physicist, but I'm not the right kind of physicist. In regard to global warming, I'm just a layman. And the rational thing for a layman to do is to take seriously the prevailing scientific theory. And
according to that theory, it's already too late to avoid a disaster. We're the first in the world to record babies in an MEG machine while they are learning. People who sell us fossil fuels. And only a few
people can do it. So, they're very important. And for Norden as well, this device had incredible moral importance, because Norden was a committed Christian. It's hard to hold onto this feeling, really hard. And
this is just a very simple way of understanding what kind of innovation, what kind of different design we need. And it's very powerful because everyone gets to see everything else. The complex things get
more fragile, more vulnerable; the Goldilocks conditions get more stringent, and it's more difficult to create complexity. Now you may have noticed there's a new sector emerging called swap-trading. I mean,
he loved it so much that, after he retired from the NFL, he started joining clubs. So last year I went to Milan, Italy, and I got to speak to an audience of cellular executives from 200 countries around
the world. CC: Yes, correct. L-DOPA increases dopamine. Thirty years have passed since my father's first job as a community game guard. And you know that Chris would say, "Thank you." So you enter your information.
Then, like the London tube system, the little trains go around with what you're thinking about. So our government formed a team of experts to evaluate my research. That's another argument for why we need
to step into the lab and really measure the impact of technology on the brain. So a hundred surgeries later, he looks at his mom and says, "Mom, please pray for me. I'm in so much pain." All the roofs are
connected underground to a 400,000 liter tank, and no water is wasted. So the for-profit sector can pay people profits in order to attract their capital for their new ideas, but you can't pay profits in
a nonprofit sector, so the for-profit sector has a lock on the multi-trillion-dollar capital markets, and the nonprofit sector is starved for growth and risk and idea capital. Lusty beast desires attractive
&amp; sincere mate. The animal does not use that. But at no point does it return to the levels we see Now it's really too simplistic to say that older people are "happy." In 1978, I was working for Time magazine,
and I was given a three-day assignment to photograph Amerasian children, children who had been fathered by American GIs all over Southeast Asia, and then abandoned -- Be a green consumer. You have choices
with everything you buy, between things that have a harsh effect or a much less harsh effect on the global climate crisis. She should not go into banking, for example, Or who we really want to be, or should
be? I believe the government should do more, but nevertheless, the direction it is moving in India has the right institutional conditions for economic growth, whereas China is still struggling with political
reforms. Saima took that money, and she started an embroidery business. But I'll just close what I've been talking about by leaving you with this message: May you find an excuse to reach out to some long-lost
pal, or to that college roommate, or to some person you may have turned away from. The first is: be aware of the propaganda. So what I'm showing you here is that we can make a 2D shape -- the B -- assemble
from a string of components that follow extremely simple rules. As a homework assignment, think of 10 ways to get around it. Why should it be that it's perfectly legitimate to support the Republicans or
Democrats, this model of economics versus that, Macintosh instead of Windows, but to have an opinion about how the universe began, about who created the universe -- no, that's holy. and to transform our
technologies so they diminished environmental impact, rather than multiplied it. Play tennis too hard, on your knees, ruin your cartilage, the cartilage never comes back. It's got the huge advantage that
it does not create carbon pollution. So the next time the fly finds itself facing the same odor again, the connection is strong enough to turn on the motors and to trigger an evasive maneuver. I want you
to true your wheels: be honest about the praise that you need to hear. And I was getting more nervous. This is a substantially large impact. And here's some video at 1,000 frames per second. Usually they eat
larger snakes like rat snakes, or even cobras. So, the brain evolved the mechanisms for finding patterns, finding relationships in information and associating those relationships with a behavioral meaning,
a significance, by interacting with the world. Drinking alcohol, it seems, is bad for your marriage. It was, as we said in my house, a lost year. But finally, the great day arrived. We had never seen our planet
from this perspective before. So she said, "Everybody in Palestine, in where? Israel? Cyber weapons do not replace conventional or nuclear weapons -- Even more interesting to me is that 600 volts doesn't
fry it. Believe me, I've tried. And the good thing about that is you don't have to look at the device all the time; you have your eyes free to see the city. The whole wall is her canvas. She's sitting there
with a broom. That will not succeed. In one generation, the nation of the people of Israel had a tremendous and dramatic change that made them a great power in the Near East. A virus grabbed onto a bacterium
and it slipped its DNA into it. Took off fast, didn't get far. I fired,'Pow!' Fool fell between two parked cars. Please join us by working together. If they hadn't invited back Al-Qaeda, they would still
be in power today. We think there's a future to this. But it's our way of going in and redefining, with a new lexicon, a mathematical one actually, as opposed to the standard ways that we think about mental
illness, characterizing these diseases, by using the people as birds in the exchanges. That is, we exploit the fact that the healthy partner, playing somebody with major depression, or playing somebody
with autism spectrum disorder, or playing somebody with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, we use that as a kind of biosensor, and then we use computer programs to model that person, and it gives
us a kind of assay of this. The engineers amongst you will recognize rapid prototyping and CAD. The first at least is populist, and the second is elitist. I'd seen it every day, but this time I saw it differently
-- a new approach to sculpture, a way to make volumetric form without heavy solid materials. Youth can never come again; So, what are the common denominators in these three cultures? We take our money and
we give it away. It doesn't mean you had sex this many times this month, and it's two times less than last month, so that means you don't love me as much. You don't see a description of how, you know, Molecule
A, you know, comes up and docks with this other molecule. And we really love being close to the art center, because we have, as a matter of fact, one of the alumni from the art center, Eric Nyquist, had
put a series of displays, far-out displays, you know, in our what we call mission design or spacecraft design room, just to get people to think wildly about things. In the time that passes between when
I was a kid in high school and when I started teaching, we really see the advent of the Internet. The labyrinth is a concept, it's like a twilight zone, it's a place where it's difficult, where you get
disoriented, maybe you get scared -- but you have to go through it if you're going to get to some kind of deep reintegration. I'd like to talk about a couple of things today. I think this is really cool. What
about the rest of the pie? You can see that Africa has been fragmented. And I've done this in three parts. So look at these two. So I want to talk about education and I want to talk about creativity. My contention
is that creativity now is as important in education as literacy, and we should treat it with the same status. DH: Tell them about our bio and stuff. Here you see a typical cucumber leaf that turned actually
from green to black because of a black fungus, sooty mold, which is covering it. So, the next time they tell you they're on to something, clearly they're not. So young people today have lots of experience
and lots of familiarity with interacting with new technologies, but a lot less so of creating with new technologies and expressing themselves with new technologies. And finally, I think you can see that
infrastructure is not very strong. Even the idea that government can rescue us -- that's no longer the wave of the future, but that is, I think, a type of agenticity: projecting somebody up there, big and
powerful, will come rescue us. Get a knife. Cut it into four portions. Now, at this phase, the program actually has some understanding of the topology of this creature. It kind of knows where the backbone
is, where the spine, the limbs are. Otherwise it was only Christian countries. And the other one was called "Adorable." The stories can be anything, and some of them are actually true. I think the word is
the holistic experience revolving around a product. But I didn't have materials to use, so I went to a scrap yard where I found my materials. These milkweed plants have grown up in my meadow over the last
four years. Add to watch the different plants, or insects, that come to these flowers, to watch that -- and we've heard about, you know, this relationship you can have with wine, this companion you can
have as it matures and as it has these different fragrances. But her dream of Coal River Mountain Wind is her legacy. It's twice the range of any electric motorcycle. So what I did was, again, like I did
with the dodo skull, I blew all my reference up to full size, and then I began cutting out the negatives and using those templates as shape references. Dreadful, thumbs down, embarrassing -- thank you,
these are great answers, but they're answers to a different question. Martin Hanczyc: The line between life and not-life Then came the end of the Cold War. So in some ways, we think that this baby's thinking
is like the thinking of the most brilliant scientists. I think if you treat people well, people will come back and come back for more. And what you can see is -- it is actually a very good game. It's one
of the most successful games of all time. And the student has trained this robot to pour this water into a glass. It was that primary education can happen on its own, or parts of it can happen on its own. Actually,
they're not. My son isn't. How dare you?" So I started studying anthropology. He actually understood something about a theme that we've been discussing all week. It's the role of the audience in an era of
pervasive electronic communications. It made a trans-species jump out of some other organism in Asia, where it was living on Hemlock trees in Asia. And the question I want to explore with you is whether
or not democracy has helped or has hindered economic growth. And for those living in the most dehumanizing conditions of mental illness within homelessness and incarceration, the music and the beauty of
music offers a chance for them to transcend the world around them, to remember that they still have the capacity to experience something beautiful and that humanity has not forgotten them. They needed openness.
They needed to create a norm which said, when you do an experiment, you have to publish not just your claims, but how you did the experiment. You can follow this in the Guardian. But the Victorians actually
did it. in nutraceuticals, in all of these sorts of things that some people, in the pharmaceutical industry particularly, like to brand as non-science. Now, go into the real atmosphere of this planet. Can
you feel their anger, their fear, their rage at what has happened in their country? I have been told by babas and dyados that we shouldn't let our kids play so much because life is serious and we need to
train them for the seriousness of life. Remember, it's a question about JavaScript. Robert Wright on optimism And a recent Gallup poll asked participants how much stress and worry and anger they had experienced
the previous day. The one who was defiling me then left me and went to rape Evelyn. Amazed people. The glory and bounty that is Bronx County. Once it's perceived, and someone brings it into their own mind,
then there's a cycle that has been completed. It's old school al Qaeda. Most firemen in this country do it for free. Cookie Monster is very, very bad. He sent me an email, saying, "If you get this thing off
the ground I wish you all the best." And he signed it, "Happy landings," And this is exactly what happened with the case of DigiNotar. "Your job as teacher is to give this guy material to learn. An FM device
in the cortex of the brain, the motor cortex, will send signals in real time to the motor points in the relevant muscles so that the person will be able to move their arm, let's say, in real time, if they've
lost control of their arm. It is only by stopping the transmission that the world will be able to deal with it. Drugs is too costly -- had we had the vaccine, or when we will get the vaccine, that's something
more effective -- but the drugs are very costly for the poor. And so I want to walk you in Jungian analysts call shame the swampland of the soul. So again, this is all derived accurately from the science. And
what have you always wanted to ask someone from the other side? You see, that's the immune system. Let me tell you something. So let's see what some of those inventions were. It could be anything. It could
be salsa music or a comedy routine -- it doesn't matter. That's where I realized the power of paper and glue. So could art change the world? Some major in art or music and think they can't write. Google co-founders
Larry Page and Sergey Brin offer a peek inside the Google machine, sharing tidbits about international search patterns, the philanthropic Google Foundation, and the company's dedication to innovation and
employee happiness. and I remember, as she was approaching me, the voices of friends saying, "The moment they put the baby in your hands, you will feel a sense of love that will come over you that is [on]
an order of magnitude more powerful than anything you've ever experienced in your entire life." Chris Anderson gave this talk in 2002, prior to taking over leadership of TED. Founder Richard Saul Wurman
was leaving, and TED's future was in the balance. He seeks to persuade TEDsters that what was then a for-profit conference had a secure future as an idea-based nonprofit endeavor. In the industrialized
world, people were healthy, educated, rich, and they had small families. Let's not neglect the insurgency just to the south, This debuted at number two on the New York Times Best Seller list. And after the
war, I saw an uncle again. And usually my work, it takes me to Washington D.C. So, I know, see, like the name is like a little bit long, but with the war on terror and everything, the Dean of Student Activities
has asked us to stop saying DA BOMB and use the whole thing so nobody would get the wrong idea, whatever. And of course, they're made to carry this pollen. Religious view says we need calendars, we need
to structure time, we need to synchronize encounters. This video, I think, gets across the concept that I'm talking about quite dramatically. And because the life cast, or the bust -- the maquette -- of
Benjamin was made from Brad, we could transpose the data of Brad at 44 onto Brad at 87. Now, they're 13 miles up the road in Santa Ana. For two years, he hardly made any money, a tiny stipend, but he apprenticed
with this incredible housing developer named Tasneem Saddiqui. Have we been ignoring an injustice or a humanitarian struggle somewhere in the world? Now, a hundred years later, this guy comes along, Alan
Turing, and in 1936, and invents the computer all over again. everybody is sharing. We can see it all. Which was he? We can understand, for example, why we create plaque in our arteries, what creates the
starchiness inside of a grain, why does yeast metabolize sugar and produce carbon dioxide. Technology is just generally being used to allow us to create in as shared and social a way as possible. But one
day, I went to the hospital -- my mother was sick -- and I saw the hospital, how they [were] treating the doctors, how they [are] committed to help the sick people. But there was actually something else
that happened in Uganda in this period. And we feel ourselves differently. It's totally strange. Monika Bulaj: The hidden light of Afghanistan Hello, Doha. Hello. Salaam alaikum. One of the most early work
was done in automotive design -- some very exciting work was done there. where I could study under Professor James Van Allen Professor Van Allen told me that there was intense microwave radiation. The only
technology involved here is this cheap electric fencing: relatively new, hooked to a car battery; even I could carry a quarter-acre paddock, set it up in 15 minutes. Ever since we lived in caves, every
time we wanted any energy, we lit something on fire, and that is still what we're doing. When I think about the world I would like to leave to my daughter and the grandchildren I hope to have, it is a world
that moves away from unequal, unstable, unsustainable interdependence to integrated communities -- locally, nationally and globally -- that share the characteristics of all successful communities: You get
to the last pitch. It's easy. And we can compare that to another case, where everything in the real world is the same. Because the processes are getting different. But the best part about these components
is that we bought them at a toy store. Because it's working, put me in a poster now. How many of you know somebody who no matter what happens finds a way to get pissed off? How many know somebody like this? It's
a woman. You can see the hair. I mean, it's amazing to think that, in every single minute of this speech, 25 hours of YouTube video will be loaded. To eradicate smallpox, we had to gather the largest United
Nations army in history. What can we actually do? Just -- I've got so many questions I could ask you. Or, what if you could give genetic information to a battery so that it could actually become better as
a function of time, and do so in an environmentally friendly way? And just in closing, I'd just like to say this beautiful world that we live on -- here we see a bit of the snow that some of you may have
had to brave in coming out -- so I'd like to just say that what the world needs now is a sense of being able to look at ourselves in this much larger condition now and a much larger sense of what home
is. This was recorded in 1931. Yes, it does say that, but in a very specific context: the anticipated conquest of the sanctuary city of Mecca where fighting was usually forbidden, and the permission comes
hedged about with qualifiers. What is it about you? It matters because the health care industry is the second most energy intensive industry in the United States. In 1935, there were 150,000 cases a year
of malaria in the United States, but DDT and a massive public health effort managed to squelch it. And I think it's going to be a great thing. So, this is exactly what you want in physics: where a prediction
comes out of a mathematically consistent theory that was actually developed for something else. Got no way of tracking it, so I could be totally wrong. There's no suggestion of a relationship there. So this
is a real human brain. Right? It's not what it says it is. It's not really the magic kingdom. Last but not least, Bill Gates, I know you invented Windows. So a very diverse group of people. In many ways, it's
the most parochial, because for 200 years, the West has been so dominant in the world that it's not really needed to understand other cultures, other civilizations. She loves her computer -- she'll leave
her big group, and her running water, and her trees and everything. Now, what's great about it is that people are working on -- within seconds of Clay publishing this piece, people started working on changing
the underlying rules of the system so that a different shape would start appearing. So the way this works is whenever you're a just a beginner, we give you very, very simple sentences. Working within the
United States, most people look at poverty and they see the face of a foreigner, but go live -- I live in Bozeman, Montana -- go up to the north plains on the reservations, or go down to Alabama or Mississippi
pre-Katrina, and I could have shown you places that have far worse conditions than many developing countries I've been to. 57,683 squared. Yuck. And we can measure this very precisely, actually, because
we give people electronic pagers that go off 10 times a day, "Your mic wasn't off during sound check. culture,gender,self,social change,women which I held and stretched. And I knew it would be amazing fun
to bring brilliant students from these countries -- where they don't have any opportunities -- together with the best lecturers in the world -- who I knew would come, because of the interest in Africa
-- But hospitals are buying it faster than any other model. They're now saying that the 21st century is going to be the century of what they call the "symmetrical marriage," or the "pure marriage," or the
"companionate marriage." This is a detail of a chair that I've designed in magnesium. This is less than a dollar and this is non-stick; it is coated with one of these food-grade materials. Unless that kind
of compact is entered into, you will not be able to sustain the consensus. They don't sit in seminars on Saturday morning. And I just find it so bizarre that she's suffering from the same thing that she
tried so hard to protect people from. She wants to, you know, find Obi Wan Kenobi. He's her only hope. And she said business was even more important for women because earning an income earned respect and
money was power for women. Still, America had gone saucer-mad, even famous scientists who were eating lunch. When people say all politicians are the same, ask yourself if Obama was the same as Bush, if François
Hollande is the same as Sarkozy. Well, whatever it is, meditation offers the opportunity, the potential to step back and to get a different perspective, to see that things aren't always as they appear. But
in 2007, my path crossed again with the Indus script. She would look at you and very quietly, very softly say, "It just happened. It's short, bone handle, 50 bucks. And in fact, what's important is that
this information actually never died out. All I know is how it felt to be the guy put out of work. In fact, more than 95 percent of these children have living parents, and societies tend to blame these parents
for abandoning these children, but research shows that most parents want their children, and that the primary drivers behind institutionalization are poverty, disability and ethnicity. And economists --
forgive me, for those of you who play the lottery -- but economists, at least among themselves, refer to the lottery as a stupidity tax, because the odds of getting any payoff by investing your money in
a lottery ticket are approximately equivalent to flushing the money So here's the thing. We have a situation where private companies are applying censorship standards that are often quite arbitrary and
generally more narrow than the free speech constitutional standards that we have in democracies. I wanted to blow you all up to try and make a point, but — — TED, for health and safety reasons, have told
me I've got to do a countdown, so I feel like a bit of an Irish or Jewish terrorist, sort of a health and safety terrorist, and I — — I've got to count 3, 2, 1, and it's a bit alarming, so thinking of
what my motto would be, and it would be, "Body parts, not heart attacks." The hope is that you all will think about your limitations, not necessarily as unovercomable, but to recognize them, accept them
and then use the world of design to actually figure them out. And so that's basically what we've done since we instituted that a few years ago, and I think it has really allowed us to be innovative and
still stay reasonably well-organized. Let me leave the last words to someone who's rapidly becoming a hero of mine, Humphrey Davy, who did his science at the turn of the 19th century. But you get about 80
percent of the way there, The long bullet points are bad. We call that poverty these days. and I Xeroxed some words on pieces of colored paper and I pasted them down on an ugly board. I thought that something
would come out of it, like "Words rule fantastic new old first last Pope" because it's by Alexander Pope, but I sort of made a mess out of it, and then I thought I'd repeat it in some way so it was legible. So
one year ago, the US military didn't have these robots. And then I got a letter from this gentleman. It was one of the finest, largest volunteerism in any prison in the world. 2009 is the 400th anniversary
of Galileo's first use of the telescope, Darwin's 200th birthday, the 150th anniversary of the publication of "On the Origin of Species," the 50th anniversary of SETI as a science, the 25th anniversary
of the incorporation of the SETI Institute as a non-profit, and of course, the 25th anniversary of TED. Mrs. Young-Soon Han. I then kind of thought about the other cities in Europe where I spend a lot of
time looking for design, like Basel, where Vitra is located, or in northern Italy -- all cities where there are a whole lot of bicycles, and where pedestrian areas -- and I came to the conclusion that
perhaps there was something about these important design centers that dealt with bicycles and foot traffic, and I'm sure the skeptic eye would say, no, the correlation there is that there are universities
and schools where people can't afford cars, but it did seem that in many of these areas pedestrian traffic was protected. You reduce the feeling of otherness about beings. Adrenaline, kill. It'll give you
the will. This is a high-speed centrifuge. So, what we've done is we've figured out a way to have a molecular program know when to stop going. If you use wind, you guarantee ice will last. It's not a movie.
This is real life. Now, in the rest of the world, we've got basically nothing going on in the general population -- very, very low levels -- but we have extraordinarily high levels of HIV in these other
populations who are at highest risk: drug injectors, sex workers and gay men. Yes. What if ... And so, in fact, they concocted a couple of early, you know, founding public-health interventions in the system
of the city, one of which was called the "Nuisances Act," which they got everybody as far as they could to empty out their cesspools and just pour all that waste into the river. Well now I must say, it
was a little bit hard to find a dove in Israel, but I got one. Once you tell me you would like to save more in the future, let's say every January you're going to be saving more automatically and it's going
to go away from your paycheck to the 401 plan before you see it, before you touch it, before you get the issue of immediate gratification. And if I take a reed -- if I rub this, something very amazing happens. There
have been six major research papers on this. In the past decade or so, mainly due to advances in brain imaging technology such as magnetic resonance imaging, or MRI, neuroscientists have started to look
inside the living human brain of all ages, and to track changes in brain structure and brain function, so we use structural MRI if you'd like to take a snapshot, a photograph, at really high resolution
of the inside of the living human brain, and we can ask questions like, how much gray matter does the brain contain, and how does that change with age? It was the most amazing thing that I ever discovered,
pretty much. And if you would like to know why I am not a father -- I, who by a miracle have 22 godchildren -- the answer is in this poem, which upsets me every time I read it. Sweet -- energy. And he actually
-- once he releases a batch of it, he regularly conducts molecular analyses and posts the results online, so you can go online and look at your batch number and see how the phenolics are developing, and,
you know, gauge its freshness. And then we get to the civilization above the little TV set with a gun on it. Then traffic jams, and power systems, and some dots for digital. Where it's going to lead --
I have no idea. I want to quickly say that although it does do it for 50 dollars, there are some limitations of this approach. We all went quite nuts, I will say. Telecommunications, entertainment, computing
and everything else. We can be preventative; that prevention can be personalized; and more importantly, it's going to become increasingly participatory. There was the bomb, and there's now. Well in light
blue, you see the zones or the regions that are at least two-thirds or more dependent on the European Union for trade and investment. Christianity,God,death,faith,religion,technology But what were they there
for? To acquire assets. He knows that the arm is not there, but, nevertheless, it's a compelling sensory experience for the patient. That really, the mixing of art and science was computers, and that that
really was the place to bring both, and enjoyed a career doing that. So again, it's not about the changing fashions, changing theories. How about this word? to say that there are no truths to be known about
human nutrition. The number of people who are going to be able to participate in these kinds of projects is going to grow, The suitcase can be conveniently dropped in your trunk of your car. In fact in medical
terms, that's our view. What it would mean is that humans, in order to survive in development, quite Darwinian spirit here, inherently must dance with the devil. Clearly, the chimpanzee has a little bit
harder time of walking. Man: I guess what kind of genre, style I am would be like dark glamor. I'm going to share two directions that are new in my work. And the project soon grew from five to 50 weavers
in about a year. Now let me ask you this question: This past week at TED, how many of you, when you saw vulnerability up here, thought it was pure courage? So you're never going to see them on a billboard. At
TEDxRotterdam, Bart Weetjens talks about his extraordinary project: training rats to sniff out land mines. He shows clips of his "hero rats" in action, and previews his work's next phase: teaching them
to turn up tuberculosis in the lab. And they were also, by the end of the century, getting healthy, and Japan was starting to catch up. So this is a captain putting the life of every single person on the
ship at risk so that he can hear a song. and the students will work with real-world partners on design projects with widespread application." They're prophecy for the kind of seismic, terrestrial effects
of the math that we're making. I'm going to push it a bit harder now, harder than I just pushed Chris. Let me just close with ethical and policy studies. A new generation, well-educated, connected, inspired
by universal values and a global understanding, has created a new reality for us. The most expensive thing is the battery inside this. It's really interesting: I'll give you two examples, also from the garden:
lima beans. You know what a lima bean does when it's attacked by spider mites? In reality, trying to go from fundamental knowledge to its application is more like this. So what does it take? Grab her waist,
come up back into her first, whoom, spin, turn her, whoo-aa. Great. The trailers themselves are actually hand-built. We were in the papers, we're still in the news three years later, but, unfortunately,
something tragic happened right after. If you grew up in these circumstances, faced with these choices, would you choose to live in this world or in the glorious afterlife? a database entrepreneur could
transform California with legislation? Do you really have hope?" Well, yes. The bubonic plague in Europe, in the Middle Ages, killed one out of four Europeans. He wrote a long time ago, you know, thanks to
the invention of the Internet, web technology, mini-cams and more, the means of artistic production have been democratized for the first time in all of human history. And then we used some algorithms that
are a lot like speech recognition algorithms, Let me tell you an ancient Chinese Saturday afternoon kung fu secret. The brain works by association. When her mother fell sick she said, "Sunitha, you have so
much of contacts. There's 625 of us in this room. We're going to be scarred for life. You need an AUV, an autonomous underwater vehicle. With passion and enthusiasm we pay profound respects to TED for its
outstanding humanism, the scope of its principles, for its open and generous promotion of young values. Already we've found the world's highest mountains, the world's deepest valleys, underwater lakes,
underwater waterfalls -- a lot of that we shared with you from the stage. And what a lot of people forget, is there was a second trial, ordered by George Bush, Sr. And I thought, "How could it? Because I've
lost everything that I valued, everything that I'd worked towards. Back then, yes, I guess we all know now that it is essentially the sphere of life around the Earth, right? Do you remember, I gave you those
filters at the beginning. But fortunately, if you can do this fusion reaction, you've got a neutron, so you can make that happen. Because he did something that was at the fringes. One of the students asked
a question that just warmed my heart. So, don't worry about the internals of Dylan. this attack is generic. And by me cutting out the middle man and giving it straight to you, the information that the FBI
has has no value, so thus devaluing their currency. The users can be producers. And over here on the right, this is what we call the Steven Spielberg memorial module. Further imagery. I'm making a new book
now with Taschen that I'm working on really for a sort of global market -- My family ... What can I say? If we can pull this off, if we can build more function, it will be stackable. So imagine that there
is an imaginary line out here, so everyone here will be group A, everyone out here will be group B. And look what happens -- only three candidates remain that fit the bill. Blood flow is slowly retarded;
a week later the parts in question fall off. If you live only once, in one-life cultures around the world, you will see an obsession with binary logic, absolute truth, standardization, absoluteness, linear
patterns in design. They could be posted through the Web; they could be used as a billboard or a bus shelter, or anything of that nature. That's a big way we, as a small group of activists, have drafted
an ombudsman bill for the government of India. But if you look in Africa, there is a component of the genetic variation that has no close relatives outside. I want to see the evidence behind why that's so. It
will be transformative of Islam as well. Dr. Gero is a brilliant but slightly mad scientist in the "Dragonball Z: Android Saga." We can change national attitudes to women and national attitudes to HIV. This
is from Virgin Atlantic upper-class, it's the cruet salt and pepper set. And we then thought to ourselves, with those big stores, I wonder if sunlight might activate those stores and release them from the
skin, where the stores are about 10 times as big as what's in the circulation. And shelter and place. You want to move downwind or crosswind for 1.2 miles. At some point you're just going to be like, "You
know what? There's too much to know. Screw it." A lot of people try to come up with a logical solution to what just happened, all right. So I want to talk about that that we really have failed to engage
with very well in this country and, in fact, worldwide. A study in Florida just a few years ago found that if you're sitting where this photograph was taken in the classroom, row four, speech intelligibility
is just 50 percent. Where does it go inside the body? So what this figure shows is that spiders date back to almost 380 million years. And so I think, again, that it's likely that in the next decade or so
these virtual worlds are going to be the most common way as human beings that we kind of use the electronics of the Internet, if you will, to be together, to consume information. It gave you a sense of
what a good teacher does. I'm really happy that Mr. Anderson invited me. This came out in 2008, which was, of course, around the time that the banking crisis had shown that we had lost financial capital
of the order of two and a half trillion dollars. What's happening in Costa Rica? or ska, all of these things Its power emerges when someone else agrees to believe the lie. He isn't worth bringing back, obviously. I'm
intrigued by a concept that was brought to life in the early part of the 19th century -- actually, in the second decade of the 19th century -- by a 27-year-old poet whose name was Percy Shelley. And the
thing about blending science and art in this multidisciplinary stuff is you can do a robot, and then you go back and do the shape, and then you go back and forth. Well, the fact of the matter is the best
science tells us that the capacity of the human body, my body, your body, is about 90 years, a little bit more for women. It actually takes a little longer. It takes five days. We all know about the miracle
of miniaturization. Interviewer: Were they deliberately walking in step, or anything like that? We think, by studying bacteria, we're going to be able to have insight about multicellularity in the human
body. Now that's something I fall short of on a daily basis. I don't really see it, I don't pay attention to it until there's, you know, like a bug that's dead on the window. And we were the first non-Muslims
to teach in the state schools there in Kuwait. It meant something to them. He said, "Tell me what's feminine about feminism." Whereas to pursue all three with equal dedication, is to make possible a life
filled not only with achievement, but with serenity. So I love that recurring revenue model I started to learn at a young age. They begin with a question. And anyone who's ever been in a heterosexual relationship
knows that the minds of men and the minds of women are not indistinguishable. To give you a quick primer on where we are, a quick refresher on where we are. Laparoscopy is doing this kind of surgery: surgery
with long instruments through small incisions. But you need lots of these guys on the ground to win the peace. And I did a little calculation of this. but the two of them not only came together and changed
their beliefs and morals of the world, but they worked together to bring, for almost four years now, through various mosques and synagogues, the idea of how to create peace. And he wrote a book, which
is called "My Jihad, My Way of Peace." So, transformation can happen. You see the mother in between and two daughters, probably on the left and right, and a single egg on the right-hand side. There's other
examples. We have a case called Almog which is to do with a bank that was, allegedly, from our point of view, giving rewards to suicide bombers. Who will he become because someone took a stand and made
a difference in his life? Raul Midon plays "Peace on Earth" And although adults may not be quite at the level of totalitarian regimes, kids have no, or very little say in making the rules, when really the
attitude should be reciprocal, meaning that the adult population should learn and take into account the wishes of the younger population. What I'm saying is our approach is simply unsustainable. We can build
space tugs, orbiting platforms for holding cryogens and water. The hunger and thirst was, and still remains: How do I get people who hate poetry to love me? And we took some pretty cruddy home movies. And
as you go across there you see a few tens of years of oil -- the blue line, by the way, is the lowest estimate of existing resources. And that's the first thing they saw. And there was a lot of terror. Intel's
fourth quarter earnings: 10.8 billion. What they were trying to do was figure out whether you might have one of the diagnoses for which they could do something. Why? Because in compassion, when we feel with
the other, we dethrone ourselves from the center of our world and we put another person there. And once we get rid of ego, then we're ready to see the Divine. I'm so sorry to say that. What's more likely
-- that Arnold had a little extraterrestrial help in his run for the governorship? And we're now routinely using one-fifth the radiation dose that's used in any other type of gamma technology. You know death,
and so may wake each morning pulsing with ready life. Now they were doing it in part because they were part of an Enlightenment system where two things were growing up together. Now, it's way beyond present
technology to even gather the hydrogen from intergalactic space and form it into other elements and so on. They predict the sensory consequences and subtract it off. Romantic love enables you to focus your
mating energy on just one at a time, conserve your mating energy, and start the mating process with this single individual. It can be spread across a much larger number of people who can really work with
that. Light burned my brain like wildfire, and sounds were so loud and chaotic that I could not pick a voice out from the background noise, and I just wanted to escape. Because I could not identify the
position of my body in space, I felt enormous and expansive, like a genie just liberated from her bottle. It was a machine that was never built, and yet, it will be built. the second is that this process
does not have a signature. You see, what I'm really hoping for is that my son, who turns seven this month -- I want him to barely remember that this is the form factor that dictionaries used to come in. They
talk to them about how when they die, they will be received up with lakes of honey and milk, how there will be 72 virgins waiting for them in paradise, how there will be unlimited food, and how this glory
is going to propel them to become heroes in their neighborhoods. We are, definitely. And there is billions of dollars being spent on that. Because Mr. Ross used to bring in your albums when I was 16 years
old in the pottery class, when the world was all dark, and your music got me to the sunlight." I started going out on cases. "I want to write about video games. I want to write about leveling-up. Older people
can view injustice And all things being equal, older people direct their cognitive resources, like attention and memory, to positive information more than negative. With every passing year, I realize how
much more powerful the idea of computation really is. Public health care runs on the ASHA worker, not the doctor. Imagine if Martin Luther King had said, "I have a dream. We have the tools. We have the knowhow,
and we can take the lessons we've learned from the fight against global jihad, the victory against global jihad, and apply those to local jihad. Now, the sheer numbers of these hand axes shows that they
can't have been made And the plot really thickens when you realize And some, in any event, are too big to use for butchery. Canopy soil can occur up to a meter deep, hundreds of feet above the ground, and
there are organisms in this soil that have, as yet, no names. Einstein realized that if space were empty, if the universe were empty, it would be like this picture, except for maybe without the helpful
grid drawn on it. If you don't have anyone in your family who's sick, maybe you wouldn't be unreasonable. But if you do, or if you've been sick, then maybe you would. One researcher says that they probably
sound a lot like the the voice of Charlie Brown's teacher in the old "Peanuts" cartoon. No, they think, "Ugh. I have to go buy gas. So then there's also my favorite example of suspended animation. But, as
a cancer doc, this is what I see. But then, of course, everyone is driving the bridge. By the way, this is one sentence -- you can actually parse it. These people don't need the million dollars perhaps, but
wouldn't you think they'd like to take it just to make me look silly? Just to get rid of this godless person out there that Sylvia Browne talks about all the time? I can split South Asia here. India's the
big bubble in the middle. But these machines that power the inside of the cells are really quite amazing, and they really are the basis of all life because all of these machines interact with each other. CA:
They have a point, Richard. Just one example. One person I worked with was a bagger at Genuardi's. Hated the job. We can't keep taking without expecting serious consequences as a result. And you then feel
you must act. You give those hours in the afternoon to the students in the neighborhood. The teapot problem I'll pose this way. Suppose you see a teapot, and the teapot is filled with hot water. He couldn't
match it up to any bones on the planet, and he said, Aha! It's extinct. The crowd grew angry and began to complain loudly. We're adding the Jeffersonian agenda, and I come from Charlottesville, where I've
had the privilege of living in a house designed by Thomas Jefferson. The green agenda is probably the most important agenda and issue of the day. We started moving around the corridors of the U.N. system,
governments and NGOs, trying desperately to find somebody to come forward and have a go at it, see if we could make it possible. They were tough football players doing what they love, which was crushing
skulls and separating shoulders on the football field. I think there is a serious problem: as you talk about this, They are very good fliers, but they don't go too far. And the response of the world was great: Because
it's shown the way we apply, generate and use knowledge is affected by our social and institutional context, which told us what in communism? Instead of giving in to grief, depression, defeat in the face
of that violence, Mairead hooked up with Betty -- a staunch Protestant and a staunch Catholic -- and they took to the streets to say, "No more violence." And in this particular case, this is the climax
of the movie, and, you know, the weight of achieving it was simply take a model, throw it out of a helicopter, and shoot it. You can see some other ones are swarming around the bottom left corner of the
screen around six words. Those six words represent the six movements of We Feel Fine. We're currently seeing Madness. Because if they toxify themselves, being the lowest-cost producer, send it to the lowest-cost
distribution -- Wal-Mart -- and then we send them all our money, what we'll discover is that we have what, effectively, when I was a student, was called mutually assured destruction. The dance of our glances,
challenge, abdication, effacement, the perfume of our consternation. You may have heard about Rathergate, which was basically the result of bloggers realizing that the "th" in 111 is not typesetted on an
old typewriter; it's on Word. DG: Well, go to Israel. You know, It disintegrates a few months later. But here we can get both the anatomical imaging and the temperature maps in real time. The Kurds for 3,000
years have been waging a struggle for independence, and now is their chance to finally have it. This is a long-term solution. And I said, "If you're serious, I will try to find a family for her." And by being
a zero-dollar laptop, we can go to countries that can't afford it at all. They can say "yes" or "no" to the invention. We don't know. They're going to wash those contaminated materials, and then the water
may move into sources of drinking water. Sound places us in space and in time. Number two thing that Howard did is he made us realize -- it's another very critical point -- he made us realize in the importance
of what he likes to call "horizontal segmentation." But also, the Bo Xilai case recently, very big news, he's a princeling. That's just to show the scale and the actual size of the sculpture. They said, Lewis,
you need to have if you want to do this swim. And most the demonstrations had to do with visuals. Where are the different countries? I can show you Africa. They get picked up by these creatures I've called
uber-moms, who are highly successful career women who have taken time off to make sure all their kids get into Harvard. Sarah Kaminsky: My father the forger So no, suddenly I wasn't averse to butting any
geezer off the list. You could even imagine a version of this scenario in which people actually build their own phones. So it has four rotors. You see, in reality, there are two ways you can fail in our new
world. So I'm excited about how I can bring the technology to the masses rather than just keeping that technology in the lab environment. However, I did have this idea, and it was kind of good. But if you
think about all of the skills and talent that are in this room right now, that's what a senior home has. Whose son shall it be? And to give you a sense of how short that is, the sun takes 200 million years
to go around the center of the galaxy. These are people busy getting out of poverty just as fast as they can. But these people, they tend to tell you that not only can they communicate with the dead -- "Hi,
there" -- but they can hear the dead as well, and they can relay this information back to the living. It's now more than 82 percent. So, being proved wrong by observation, and changing their theory accordingly,
still wouldn't have got the ancient Greeks one jot closer to understanding seasons, because their explanation was bad: easy to vary. This is not for lack of information; it's a lack of integration. RSW:
At a certain point a number of years ago, people -- when Michael Graves was a fashion, before teapots ... FG: I did a teapot and nobody bought it. No messing around this time. arts,collaboration,data,design,technology,visualizations Here's
one more secret for you: Shaking someone's hand for six seconds dramatically raises the level of oxytocin in your bloodstream, now that's the trust hormone. I could raise the animal in something that could
be hypothetically valuable, like the sounds that simulate the sounds of a native language of a child. You can see collections and configurations of large and small cells in clusters and various places. So
let's step back from these cases and see how they shed light on the way we might improve, elevate, the terms of political discourse in the United States, and for that matter, around the world. It shouldn't
come to any surprise that the things that happen in wildlife are also a warning to us, just like Rachel Carson and others have warned. like Maxwell's equations and general relativity that determined the
evolution of the universe, given its state over all of space at one time. And then by moving through the water it’s able to take that control. Everyone's familiar with cancer, but we don't normally think
of cancer as being a contagious disease. And we're living in a great time right now, because almost everything's being explored anew. In the '90s, my interest and passion for transitional art forms led me
to a new form, which came from a squatter camp outside Durban. So we're going to write this up and try to submit this What we have to do, once we know the test is positive, is to weigh up the plausibility,
or the likelihood, of two competing explanations. In terms of weapons, the best disarmament tool so far is nuclear energy. And he didn't speak Vietnamese. And she was just the start. This would be a world
of very small trades, but very well-informed, because national e-markets will deliver data. And that builds up on the evaporators -- and that's what that image on the left is -- gradually getting encrusted
with the calcium carbonate. The region, the U.K. and the U.S. decide, has to be kept safe from communism, and the superpower that will be created to do this would be Iran, the Shah. I was a total failure
in school, not really headed to graduate high school. But it did change a few things. The first thing it changed This technology made a very important impact on us. Man: Okay. Woman: I can't. Man: Can you
try to touch my finger? And you're going to hear an undulation between the sound. They have exactly the same amount of carbon. Grandma can log into that robot and play hide-and-go-seek with her granddaughter
for fifteen minutes every single night, when otherwise she might only be able to get to see her granddaughter once or twice a year. I'm showing here Venus, Earth and Mars -- three planets in our own solar
system that are roughly the same size, but only one of which is really a good place to live. You might go to India, the Far East. This is again showing all the different contributions. Standing in the near
darkness, I remember feeling this quick, hot fear, and in that instant, I could only imagine what it must be like to be trapped in that hell. But what if this wasn't the first time? You know, there's nothing
heroic about killing a young kid. You took a pathogen, you modified it, you injected it into a person or an animal and you saw what happened. Here's the thing, if we have goals and dreams, and we want to
do our best, and if we love people and we don't want to hurt them or lose them, we should feel pain when things go wrong. To call it a movement, as with all movements, perhaps, is a little misleading. all
this knowledge, energy, talent and technology. We need, for instance, to bring in radiant cooling technology, and we need to combine this with so-called soft conditioning. They decided in 1960, "That belongs
with the UFOs and the yetis." And I've done it this way for half the audience, who is scientific. I've never met a person in the world that didn't have a problem or a worry. Guess what? Their vision is really,
really good. I actually love diving at night; you see a lot of fish then that you don't see in the daytime. When she was 14 years old, her grandfather sold her to a brothel. Two TED favorites, Jill Sobule
and Julia Sweeney, team up for a delightful set that mixes witty songwriting with a little bit of social commentary. As we reboot the world's economy, Geoff Mulgan poses a question: Instead of sending bailout
money to doomed old industries, why not use stimulus funds to bootstrap some new, socially responsible companies -- and make the world a little bit better? We believe there's some water in the polar caps,
there are polar caps of North Pole and South Pole. And I've been doing projects like this, in 2009 in Lebanon, this year in Kenya, back in January. So, that would be my wish to the future. What would you
say to someone who believed that? When I asked Sanghamitra, "How did you get from English literature to HIV/AIDS?" More often than not, it's a power struggle in one country, or even a small region within
one country. They're two big words, I don't know what they mean. It performs about equivalently to a system that's in the order of 100,000 dollars. It costs 50 dollars. We can probably make it for 50 cents,
if we put our mind to it. How do we put real information and real structure into new ideas, and see the world in a different way? And it's not going to be binary code that defines the computers of the universe
-- it's sort of an analog computer. It's all about partnerships. Where Grace thought the powder was sugar, because it was labeled "sugar" and by the coffee machine, but actually the powder was poison. So,
let me finish by saying that we've thought about this as a kind of engineering problem. I remember, I went to a poor school, because my mother could not gather the 21 rupees, that half a dollar that was
required within the stipulated time. They dreamed up a variety of horrifying scenarios. So, I've now made eye glasses to my prescription. In fact, one of his classmates is a young man named Lenin who would
go on to break small, expensive, exquisite objects. And when you think that 80 percent of global trade in food now is controlled by just five multinational corporations, it's a grim picture. Now, let's put
aside the online anonymous sex chatrooms, which I'm sure none of you have been in. Not much has changed. And of course consider images that can be sensory patterns, visual, such as you're having right now
in relation to the stage and me, or auditory images, as you are having now in relation to my words. business,future,health,science,technology Organic chemists make molecules, very complicated molecules,
by chopping up a big molecule into small molecules And as a chemist, one of the things I wanted to ask my research group a couple of years ago is, could we make a really cool universal chemistry set? Man:
The most beautiful thing that has happened to me in life? things that we know are debilitating diseases, for which there's relatively little that can be done. So we can't just uniformly dismiss all patterns
like that. Google bought it, and they've been working on it for a year. He was the leader of the New Zealand team. and eventually demonstrated successes in these places that people could opt in to, that they
flocked to because of the advantages they offered. So this is a very rough attempt to think out loud. They have no side effects, or if they do, they're imaginary, so you can safely ignore them. Now, I began
with the war because it's the elephant in the room, and you can't pretend that there isn't about to be a war if you're talking about these issues. Oxford mathematician Peter Donnelly reveals the common
mistakes humans make in interpreting statistics -- and the devastating impact these errors can have on the outcome of criminal trials. Ninety-six percent of them, roughly, have been positive; four percent
of them have been "other." So, the question is, are the bottom billion above or below that threshold? That was what the conclusion of the Dartmouth Atlas of Healthcare was about, was saying that we can explain
the geographic variations that occur in disease, in illness, in wellness, and how our healthcare system actually operates. And he had a sip of this beer and he gave some to my sister and she had some, and
they offered it to me. But there is a curious question: If Islamic modernism was so popular in the 19th and early 20th centuries, why did Islamism become so popular in the rest of the 20th century? Are these
so bad that they outweigh condemning 100,000 people a day to an unnecessarily early death? But it looks like -- I'm guessing -- that it'll be about 60 percent of the room because that's roughly the fraction
of developed world population that have some sort of vision correction. Now, this is heresy in the design world. It is like a tube where a wounded soldier enters on one end and exits back home, on the other. Just
take a moment and take a breath and think, what do you feel at this point? And I still suffer, because my son is like he's buried alive. There are 12 stadia probably to come, but there are 32 training pitches
where all the individual countries are going to train. They'll fund anything these days. because basically most of the cost of manufacturing cars is the embedded intelligence and electronics in it, and not
the materials. In the Netherlands -- where I come from -- you actually never see a pig, which is really strange, because, on a population of 16 million people, we have 12 million pigs. And I studied in my
little garret at the nurses' residence at Toronto General Hospital, not far from here. It's the coldest, highest, windiest and driest continent on Earth. But with the pendulum, it allows me to manifest these
invisible forces that are holding the magnets up. Well, do you ever need to give robots respect? And there are many applications of this technology. The 21 species are indicated here by this phylogeny, this
evolutionary tree, that shows their genetic relationships, and I've colored in yellow the orb-web-weaving spiders. And the next steps, like nervous systems and brains, took a few hundred million years. And
we wanted to know this both for being able to go somewhere else in the universe -- if we were going to go to Mars, for instance, would we take a biosphere with us, to live in it? And I know it is not a
fashionable term these days, and certainly not fashionable in the discourse of architectural schools, but it seems to me that all this, in one way or the other, is a search for beauty. "A Force More Powerful"
is a video game that, while you're playing it, it teaches you how to engage in non-violent insurrection and regime change. Here was a city telling its child, "You can." It literally is Waterhouse. One does
a lot of hard work knowing that most of these ideas probably won't end up being true about nature. We specked it out to actually be doable with a very, very low-cost bill of materials, so that it can become
a childhood companion for kids. You just point a camera at a class, and it always looks like this. Give it up for that. And it starts with incredible kids like this, who come early and stay late. I think the
man was maybe 25 years too early, so let's do it. And what is fascinating is that compassion has enemies, and those enemies are things like pity, moral outrage, fear. I know it's shocking, right, that architecture
would actually say that. They want to have permission to do the right thing. And those white markings are not natural markings. And we have global celebrations, and we've actually started to -- you know,
we've seen the worst of it. Then it was discovered that the universe was expanding. Another consequence of this recent origin of modern humans is that genetic variants are generally distributed widely in
the world, in many places, and they tend to vary as gradients, from a bird's-eye perspective at least. moving at hundreds of thousands of times per second to make large screen displays, so that we can watch
movies like "Godzilla" in high-def. And if we can build machines at that scale, what about Eiffel Tower-like trusses at the microscale? We can make "You've got Hallelujah" the national anthem of cyberspace Did
people see the movie "AI"? culture,entertainment,jazz,music And it's kind of the zeitgeist view at this level of the world's current mythology over the last couple of months. This was not a devastating stroke,
but it did affect his speaking and so forth. We have fading memories of that provisional temple, erected each time an adult sat down. So, I was going to throw some condoms in the room and whatnot, but I'm
not sure it's the etiquette here. And so I'll go on. I'm already out of time, but this is Michael Wigler, a very, very clever mathematician turned physicist. And he developed a technique which essentially
will let us look at sample DNA and, eventually, a million spots along it. And here -- again, my favorite example -- is the cookbook, the "Larousse Gastronomique." But then we looked at recent urban development,
and we noticed that this is like a Shanghai street, 30 years ago. All bikes, no cars. But mathematicians formalize this in a particular way. And we're going to have high school kids growing Phalaenopsis
orchids in the middle of the inner city. So, Zipcar is a company that I founded seven years ago, but it's an example of something called car sharing. So we can put people in an MRI scanner and have them
do a little video game like the one I showed you and look for this signal. They're the people who come out the top. And all the ship can do is to dance and pitch along with the waves. A huge wave comes and
slaps the front and knocks it down. Because I needed all the skin tissue to make it look real, to make it look like it was a real athlete. And once again, this is, for me, interesting. So just have a little
watch about how they're, how they're accessing this and what they're doing, and I'm just going to take this letter "T," the letter "E," and the letter "D," to make something. Okay. Here goes. And I kept
thinking over and over in my mind, what had happened? Where did it go wrong? Why didn't I understand? That's one of the most profound insights to come out of the historical study of complex institutions
like civilizations. If you substitute the word blogosphere, of the Internet today, it is very true that his understanding is probably very enlightening now. Let's listen in to him. It doesn't, in my opinion,
even come from the museums. Each increment gets a serial number and a certificate, and then the brewers and others buy those certificates as a way to return water to these degraded ecosystems. And I really
do think we have to start thinking about what's a good planet and what isn't. But today, after 60 years, because of the rise of entrepreneurship, entrepreneurs have become role models, and they are contributing
hugely to the society. Very simple stuff. How does that happen? We want Dylan to be able to do that, And if that's not shaming enough, I got that ticket in Italy. And there are these guys who used to model
the future of interest rates, and all that kind of stuff. And I plucked the hair off the fly's head. You don't necessarily have to win, but you must do extremely well. When America began moving west, we didn't
add more wagon trains, we built railroads. And as long as you're using that word consumer in the public discussion, you will be degrading the quality of the discussion we're having. I'll ask a couple of
my sons to set up the canvases here. Everything's good, low unemployment. So roughly, we have 50 million data points for a given human brain. You read about it in your newspapers. Diver 1: Oh. The thing is,
I think we should give ourselves a break. called pattern recognition. In humans, we actually developed the front part of the neocortex called the anterior part of the neocortex. And nature did a little trick. I'm
all for email and thinking while typing, but why give up old habits for new? And he wasn't doing that. He was scribbling with chalk on the pavement. Seth Berkley: HIV and flu -- the vaccine strategy The human
hand, in manipulation of objects, is the hand in search of a brain; the brain is in search of a hand; and play is the medium by which those two are linked in the best way. You actually had to go to antique
stores. You had to go to Europe. I ignored my boss' warning. I called on a Monday morning. You don't even know. So I grab the dove, and for the second time I send her in the air. Unicum in Hungary, for example. And
first-class morality is, don't bomb Mexico -- they clean my house. and he could buy refrigeration. The other piece of good news, for a scientist at least, is that much remains to be discovered. And he told
them that if they all remained totally, totally good -- each and every one of them -- they would win the war against the evil Lamanites. It's got to get into people's houses, into the bedrooms, into the
kitchens. They killed him. So, for example, rats are incredibly responsive breeders. LEDs are smaller, they're cheaper, they're longer lasting, they're more efficient. Because typically they've been too inefficient,
inaccessible, they've not been fast enough, they've been quite expensive. Featured,arts,entertainment,music,performance,prodigy,violin,wunderkind and that's called association learning. What you just did,
that's the first step towards taking responsibility for what we should do with all of our power. These know-it-alls, they're Rainman-style savants sitting at home memorizing the phone book. Of course, with
agriculture came the first big civilizations, the first cities built of mud and brick, the first empires. Shortly after her visit, I was introduced to a nuclear physicist at Mayo named Michael O'Conner,
who was a specialist in cardiac imaging, something I had nothing to do with. I'm like -- you gotta -- we have to make this look good. And so if you think about what that means, it means a lot more than just
building a cool website. It's you and me. So with that preamble, I want to go into discussing the two most profound social trends. I mean these guys are extrapolating in realms that are not necessarily valid. What
I'm going to do is look at five categories of experiments, each of which challenges an old assumption of philanthropy. You might recognize him from the previous demos. It's a bit mischievous, actually. So
if you take, say, natural gas, which is the most prevalent hydrocarbon source fuel, if you burn that in a modern General Electric natural gas turbine, you'll get about 60 percent efficiency. When we were
going in the car back to the airport, we were thinking: why was this so powerful? Château Lafitte is one of the greatest wines in the world, the prince of any wine cellar. Benjamin Wallace: Now, that's
about all the videotape that remains of an event that set off the longest-running mystery in the modern wine world. We could make a very long list, but obviously Nelson Mandela, emerging from 17 years of
hard physical labor, 23 years of imprisonment, with this amazing ability to forgive, so that he could lead his nation out the evil regime of apartheid without a bloodbath. And this is simply an appointment
dynamic. A.J. Jacobs' year of living biblically Together, for our future." That's what most of electricity and the energy in the world is. The learning curve was very long. "Neither do I. It will be an adventure,
sir." And if you pull them back do you try ibuprofen or piroxicam? Which one?" DP: He's connecting me! He doesn't even tell me the phone number. Most companies tend to -- and it's human nature -- to avoid
things that they're not sure of, avoid fear, those elements, and you really embrace those, and you actually turn them into positives for you, and it's a neat thing to see. It was taken 18 years ago. Tesla,
what is 236 multiplied by 501? But [German]. but I've met students like them. A really important part of being a player is imaginative solo play. And he'd show up obviously in a form that it took me a long
time to understand, which is that when we give in the world what we want the most, we heal the broken part inside each of us. So we had this little communication breakdown. This, I think, is a huge change. It's
simply to use language around them, because the driving force in language acquisition is to understand what others, that are important to you, are saying to you. I'm fascinated by its ability to deeply
investigate the human being, its way of working, its way of feeling. I told him, 'I'm a believer, and women and children in these terrible conditions need their faith to survive.'" She smiles slyly. Can't
see it because it's too big. It's a wonderful organization of people and doctors who go to developing nations to offer plastic surgery to those who need it. Since the first Web browser was also developed
in Urbana, it appears that my hometown in downstate Illinois was the birthplace of much of the virtual, online universe we occupy today. She was offered a hysterectomy, but this is an inconceivable proposition
for someone who wants to keep her pregnancy option. You distort it a little bit, especially in terms of pitch, and you've changed it. We narrowed it down to one fragment; costly proposition. But we design
tasks on the computer where we can measure, to millisecond accuracy, how good they are at switching from one task to another. I'm an identical twin; I am interested in why we're all alike. But after going
through this, after realizing, well what just happened? And that's why actually in the 19th century the Ottoman Empire, which then covered the whole Middle East, made very important reforms -- reforms like
giving Christians and Jews an equal citizenship status, accepting a constitution, accepting a representative parliament, advancing the idea of freedom of religion. In other words, every step here represents
an order of magnitude in performance scale. He had no concept of the idea of an algorithm, but that's what he described in that book, and this is what we now know as the evolutionary algorithm. I'm lying
in the tent, getting ready to go. You can't learn to fly at Mach 20 unless you fly. Craig Venter on DNA and the sea If you can pull this off, you will be a global hero. How do you get adults to really enjoy
wine? And I framed it with color so you would not confuse it with advertising. And David believed, like we do in the visual effects industry, that anything is possible as long as you have enough time, resources
and, of course, money. TED Fellow Abigail Washburn wanted to be a lawyer improving US-China relations -- until she picked up a banjo. She tells a moving story of the remarkable connections she's formed
touring across the United States and China while playing that banjo and singing in Chinese. So this raises three really important questions: What is life? After a crisis, how can we tell if water is safe
to drink? Current tests are slow and complex, and the delay can be deadly, as in the cholera outbreak after Haiti's earthquake in 2010. TED Fellow Sonaar Luthra previews his design for a simple tool that
quickly tests water for safety -- the Water Canary. It's because the brain is faced with tremendous sensory conflict. Decrescendo. Where are we going to put this, and what will it look like offshore? Mike
Matas: A next-generation digital book But it can contemplate the vastness of interstellar space. Sonaar Luthra: Meet the Water Canary But what's the actual difference between these two chords? And feed into
that the map of the species. She gave me an indulgent smile, and as punishment, she said, "Tomorrow I'm teaching a class on Indian history, and you are sitting in it, and I'm grading you." They were the
normal high school curriculum for Japanese students -- the other 4,999 students in the school, who were Japanese, besides the American. The lettuce has got liquid smoke infused into it. Now they've introduced
these four ways of looking at technology, these four stages of technology's life. I don't mean children. I mean the child of the state. And so anything from restaurant menus to monastery records to ships'
logs to see what the oceans looked like. And so it keeps thinking out loud of its own abstraction. The Buddhist spends all their lifetime trying to understand the nature of existence. Sometimes the search
for truth, though, is a little bit less flippant, and it has much greater consequences. Do they kill, torture, mutilate? 13. It's where they send the serial killers and the people who can't help themselves. There
are various things in here: I could say we might raise more revenue, or medical innovation will make the spending even higher. "Now you're showing your true colors," Mom says. She thinks, "Why does he take
after his dad?" One of them actually, fittingly enough, found me when I checked into a deli at a restaurant in New York on foursquare. And then finally -- to basically get the message home -- maybe use live
links from animals such as blue whales and white sharks. It's linked to practical virtues like generosity and hospitality and just being there, just showing up. But actually, it's not my fault; it's from
the Guardian newspaper. He wouldn't reveal the exact number of bottles, he would not reveal exactly where the building was and he would not reveal exactly who owned the building. Does this then mean that
there is after all some absolute difference between people outside Africa and inside Africa in that people outside Africa have this old component in their genome from these extinct forms of humans, whereas
Africans do not? And we are flying it, or trying to. And when I was making icons, I was, like, the icon master, and I was, like, yeah, I'm really good at this, you know. and that's the good news. And my mind
was now suspended between two very opposite planes of reality. Stimulation coming in through my sensory systems felt like pure pain. Man: They've already gone. It takes about four weeks to grow these cells
from the organ. This is not a fax, this is -- the idea is to do a beautiful job as you're going through these libraries. And I got a big sunburn, and I was convinced that I was really not from there. So I
was thinking about peace, and then I was thinking, well where's the starting point for peace? Soldiers sitting in the corner of a sandbag wall, shaking and screaming. cars,technology The book starts like
this. This is the cover. But the zeppelin was the biggest thing that ever moved made by man. Ocean acidification is a really big issue that people are concerned with, as well as ocean warming, and the effects
they're going to have on coral reefs. to entice people with a sweeter carrot, or threaten them with a sharper stick. The rounder it is, the more hydrophobic it is, and if it's really round, it's superhydrophobic. However,
I also have reason to believe that many, if not most, of you are actually tying your shoes incorrectly. You did it! You did it man! And in a way, without us even noticing, has ended up standing on the precipice
of its own extinction, waiting for us to give it a big boot and knock it over. And get rid of it. I have a studio in London that has a particular approach to designing buildings. How do we set a going-to-the-moon
goal of dealing with the Y2K +10 problem that's coming? But remember, Greece is there today. Jonathan Haidt on the moral roots of liberals and conservatives And not just in Chicago, but in the entire United
States. This is a sneak preview. We have three critical terms: economy, civil society and the state. So, we are in the business of finding our happiness. They actually did so through a centralized headquarters
out of Illinois, right? In western Europe, in many parts of Asia, in North America, in Australia, white-collar workers are doing less of this kind of work, and more of this kind of work. or worse, that all
we're doing is contributing to landfill. Mosquitoes actually live ... their day-to-day nutrition comes from nectar, from flowers -- in fact, in the lab, we feed ours raisins -- but the female needs the
blood meal. South Americans, and Eastern Europeans in particular are on our buy list. 28 great, big, powerful yaks carrying all the equipment up onto this mountain -- I don't just have my Speedo, And the
third is to augment memory by creating a visual persistence. Well let's do that. A sixth of a turn, followed by a third of a turn, the combined effect is as if I had just rotated it by half a turn in one
go. But generally, the trends that start in Egypt have historically spread across the MENA region, the Middle East and North Africa region. These are five kiloton yield bombs about the size of small Volkswagens; Now,
we, as extremely complex creatures, desperately need to know this story of how the universe creates complexity despite the second law, and why complexity means vulnerability and fragility. They know nothing
at all, whatsoever, about you. To be a lesbian, a dyke, a homosexual in most parts of the world, including right here in our country, India, is to occupy a place of immense discomfort and extreme prejudice. So
bigger dots mean more of your friends have the flu. It's a sort of urban myth, that Marx tried to dedicate "Kapital" to Darwin. Text first, then images, we waited, CD-quality sound over the Net, then movies
over the Internet. Kind of incredible. You're just not. Why not? Because you're not. And that is the way, I think, that celebrity magazines work now: The goal here is to take the pieces on the left and make
them so they look like the shape on the right. It feels so much more comfortable simply to lay down the law. Why did you bring this up? Have you lost your mind? It changes what we see. It changes what we
remember. I'm sick of it. So very small, but very useful. So, here we are, mission. Big trouble. And here's a picture in the icefall; Right now, we're all tadpoles, but I urge you to become a big frog and take
that big, green leap. You've got drones now being considered for domestic surveillance. These are some of the businesses: mushrooms, crabs, vegetables, trees, fruits, and this is very interesting -- Nike
ice cream and Nike biscuits; this is a village sponsored by Nike. At the time that this was going on, the last thing on my mind was "art project." And in order to build prosperity, we need security in place. And
because of that announcement, we got a big article in the New York Times, which led to more press, which led to more attention, and me deciding to become CEO of that company -- whereas I was just an adviser
-- and raising a round of venture capital and ramping up hiring. One of the guys I hired was an engineer named Jack Dorsey, and a year later we were trying to decide which way to go with Odeo, and Jack
presented an idea he'd been tinkering around with for a number of years that was based around sending simple status updates to friends. Ladies and gentlemen, for seven blissful hours it was the number one
video on YouTube. The bronze is nice hard, durable material that could roll on the ground. Inside of the bronze ball there's a lead weight that is free-swinging on an axle that's on two bearings that pass
in between, across it, like this, that counterbalance this weight. I do, because at least there you stood a chance. You know? That's like a Dick Cheney speech. This year at TED, I'm happy to report that I
have new titles, in addition to my previous titles. And what it was was oral rehydration salts. Hence, it must be harder." Well, it's not harder. But over the years, the blackboards were fine, but they ran
out of chalk. And the reason that is, is because in a place like this island, a lot of the sand is made of biological material because the reefs provide a place where all these microscopic animals or macroscopic
animals grow, and when they die, their shells and their teeth and their bones break up and they make grains of sand, things like coral and so forth. We need that kind of information, we need more of it,
and then we need to guide policy. So I created this drawing tool. There was a guy called Dick Rowe who was at Decca Records and turned down The Beatles. Four. Back at SCVNGR, we like to joke that with seven
game dynamics, you can get anyone to do anything. This is the DARPA balloon challenge, where they hid a couple balloons all across the United States and said, "Use networks. And I finally bounced through
high school, got into the City College of New York with a 78.3 average, which I shouldn't have been allowed in with, and then I started out in engineering, and that only lasted six months. Remarkable impact
on mortality. I go to a place where a dowel splits off. I believe you should be on time. But I felt at practice, for example, we start on time, we close on time. So I was like, "Maybe you want to ask some
of my colleagues that directly." But they said, "Okay, aside from what we had discussed, do you belong to any groups that wish to harm the United States?" I was like, "No." a coffee cup is a device, which
has a container and a handle. And very often I've been an outsider. We're not trying to get it down to just a few cases, because this disease is like a root fire; it can explode again if you don't snuff
it out completely. Dan Rather: Since the September 11th attack on the World Trade Center, many people have flocked to downtown New York to see and pay respects at what amounts to the 16-acre burial ground. And
they shelved the project. And it sat there for 10 years, What am I going to be?" Out of this rubble of Haiti and from this devastation came something that we call TERA -- the Trilogy Emergency Response Application
-- which has been used to support the aid effort ever since. really not quite clear what we were supposed to be. Some cities just release the water. And they gave me enough money to do it right, which has
involved developing the world's first deep-sea webcam -- which has been installed in the Monterey Canyon for the past year -- and that's the question we asked with Project Prakash. So, no walls, no roof,
no purpose -- just a mass of atomized water, a big cloud. And if you have one of these birds -- children in Japan have been making this bird for many, many years. What does that translate to in terms of
numbers of films, really? Our enemies shall talk themselves to death, and we will fight them with their own confusion. And so your body basically has lots and lots of mechanisms for fixing cancer, and we
just have to prop those up in the right way and get them to do the job. So it had to be self-righting, and stay up without crashing. And then we introduce them to somebody who they come to hate immediately,
the drill sergeant. But what it takes is a commitment from all of us to essentially refuse trite assumptions, get out of our ideological boxes. Nathaniel Kahn shares clips from his documentary "My Architect,"
about his quest to understand his father, the legendary architect Louis Kahn. It's a film with meaning to anyone who seeks to understand the relationship between art and love. Accepting death means accepting
that we are physical beings who are intimately connected to the environment, as the research on environmental toxins confirms. So I love that last sentence: "He liked making this book." You can see the copper
tips on these things. Well with our technology, the surgeon is able to tell immediately which nodes have cancer. This distribution of brand energy gets your brand closer to the people, more in with the people. And
somehow, this is transformed -- the yeast burps and sweats are later transformed -- and this is really getting to the heart of what makes bread so special is that it is a transformational food, CA: So how
does the world get off fossil fuels? Engineers like to look at systems like this. Scientists like to look at systems like this. But there's another really interesting aspect of this, and this is that if
you could control the evolution of virulence, evolution of harmfulness, then you should be able to control antibiotic resistance. Those three things give rise to all the different levels of what seem to
be complexity in our world. And so I suddenly realized two very simple things: First, the widowhood effect was not restricted to husbands and wives. That's a wonderful insight, but it leaves something out. But
what if you want to see brush strokes? He says, "This is the gesture of the music. Ice in my ice chest melted within hours, and it was pretty miserable. Many prototypes crashed -- many. The 20th century, the
last hundred years, is riddled with disastrous examples of times that one school or the other tried to explain the past or predict the future and just did an awful, awful job, so the economics profession
has acquired some degree of modesty. CA: That is outrageous. Okay, I hear you were laughing nervously because you too could hear that the drill was a little bit sharp, the intonation was a little questionable. But
I think that it's so good — it doesn't smell, we can put it in our house, we can lock it behind a door — and I think we've locked it out of conversation too. We've got to make this economic so that all
people and all nations make the right outcome, the profitable outcome, What's even more amazing is it will print out a purchase label on the spot, because it knows the weight of the item. He said he heard
suspicious laughter. And so every drop was a little bit different. There's a quote from Moses on the side of the Liberty Bell, and it comes from a passage in the book of Leviticus, that every seven years
you should let the land lay fallow. This is a view taken from camp three. They will tell you how to be useful. I hope that you'll step in and help out. These are smart guys -- men and women -- astronauts,
like I said, engineers. You can develop this. You can diminish the non-compassion, the cruelty, the callousness, the neglect of others, and take universal responsibility for them. And I was devastated. I
think we should be raising kids to be entrepreneurs instead of lawyers. Einstein's especially interested in Penelope's talk. Two-thirds of adults are overweight or obese, and diabetes in kids and 30-year-olds
has increased 70 percent in the last 10 years. It’s no joke: it’s real. And one month ago we have unveiled it. And the middle size one is really spongy. That is totally wrong. Those of you in the audience
here, if you want to help Africa, invest money in sustainable development. So if you have a teenage son or a daughter and you sometimes think they have problems taking other people's The second story, also
to illustrate another concept, is called shifting waistline. That's another 30 percent demand on oil. We found activity in other brain regions also -- in a brain region associated with calculating gains
and losses. We've got to pick you up." He said, "Listen, this is the best way to keep the mouths of my ministers closed. LG: Jack of spades. The police, investigating officers, were amazingly efficient. This
theory and others like it are long shots. He's developing energy in this area And this is how he's going to turn thought back into action. And that is, instinctively we've gone out and climbed over difficult
places, went to more hostile places, and found out later, maybe to our surprise, that that's the reason we survived. I want to see more revolutionary thinking, It had a couple of simple non-verbal skills
it could do. I want to hear the waltzes Brahms didn't write. So, how could we possibly create a reality that we can even understand each other? The first is cloning. So can you picture that a science of simplicity
might get to the point where you could look out at various systems -- say a financial system or a legal system, health system -- and say, "That has got to the point of danger or dysfunctionality for the
following reasons, and this is how we might simplify it"? He did it because he couldn't afford a car, but also because he knew how to build one. So we did a simple analysis, and it doesn't take rocket science
to figure out that, if you take 30 percent every year, your fishery is going to collapse very quickly. They must navigate markets daily, making micro-decisions, dozens and dozens, to move their way through
society, and yet if a single catastrophic health problem impacts their family, they could be put back into poverty, sometimes for generations. And I was shut out of India because of a Greenpeace situation
there, and then I was able to get into Bangladesh, I can feel proud. I can stand here in front of you tonight and say I was courageous. I'm talking, of course, about living organisms. All of that is over. I
mean this is the iPhone 4. But climate policy in the wealthy world -- to the extent that such a thing exists -- is not based on precaution, but rather on cost-benefit analysis -- finding the course of action
that economists believe will have the least impact on our GDP. It has helped us to extend our physical selves, go faster, hit things harder, and there's been a limit on that. It's a very, very good idea
to get them wired. Everything in the kitchen was salvaged. It should be more like private accounting. But as we learned from Samantha Power, in her story about Sergio Vieira de Mello, you can't just go charging
in, saying, "You're wrong, and I'm right." Carnegie -- one of the great capitalists of this country -- carved above his legacy, "Free to the People." Steven Johnson on the Web as a city And finally, in a
rather grizzly way, the Bosnia war crimes; some of the people brought to trial were brought to trial because of the evidence from pollen, which showed that bodies had been buried, exhumed and then reburied
somewhere else. The vents are emitting a black body radiation -- an IR signature -- and so they're able to find these vents at considerable distances. This is Birhan, who was the Ethiopian girl who launched
Live Aid in the 1980s, 15 minutes away from death when she was rescued, and that picture of her being rescued is one that went round the world. This is a well-known phenomenon. You eat certain things, you
produce a lot of gas. It may turn out that biological processes in coalmines have the same process. If that is true, then one of the ways of getting the energy out of coal may not be to rip whole mountaintops
off, and it may not be to burn coal. It may be to have stuff process that coal in a biological fashion as you did in agriculture. But at least it's labeled correctly, So how come [this is] something that
everyone uses and they think others will not stop it? What is special with this? And that's especially because this world population and it's increasing, not only in numbers, but we're also getting wealthier,
and anyone that gets wealthier starts to eat more and also starts to eat more meat. My grandmother had tuberculosis, and she worked in a sewing machine shop, making shirts for about 10 cents an hour. We
selected this for the research. This picture shows a revolution started by women, And he says, "If you get back into your car, I'm going to tase you." NM: Okay. Sure. And we all, kind of, know how to read
these signals now. And in that sense of trying to get you out of your normal orbit, and to try to get you to pay attention to a story about someone who's given up smoking for the month of Ramadan, she has
to know something about a global audience. Aristotle said, "We should seek only so much precision in each subject as that subject allows." And then you finally get squatter homes like this, which is built
on the suburban model. Some of you might know that, in 1990, Depp got engaged to Winona Ryder, and he had tattooed on his right shoulder "Winona forever." "Four or five days." And actually, a growing number
of science publishers are adopting this model. Flash forward: 1960, 24 percent child mortality has dropped to 6.5 percent today. I tried harsh words and threats and they took me nowhere. It's the one theory
that the biologists ever really got right. She sells water, sells soft drinks and sells recharge cards for cellphones. This is when its foot's in the air. We can see that all formulas are really maps. But
to make large forms was too heavy and expensive. Unfortunately, I think, I have to say that I think attitude towards China is that of a kind of little Westerner mentality. And each of us knew that when we
left the spinal ward we would never be the same. Foremost, I have come to think that romantic love is a drive, a basic mating drive. No, you must really understand that. So I decided instead, I would talk
about someone who I think has done as much to make Americans happy as perhaps anyone over the last 20 years, And when they teach us a lesson, they do it via the body. L'Union Astronomique Internationale,
for those of you who don't speak French. All right, now these are the wha -- I'd say, [mumble, mumble -- mumble, mumble, mumble, mumble, mumble] -- ahh! Now, another couple of years, and these animals will
survive on their own. I still have to help them a lot. "Now why does it do this," I hear you ask. "The large coal-fired power station we're building at King's North, and of course the exciting news that
only today, only this week, Britain's only manufacturer of wind turbines has been forced to close. Some years, the cold water goes all the way up to Brazil, and other years, in these La Nina years, it doesn't. And
I went to see the Dozo. And they deserve more than that." My name is Arvind Gupta, and I'm a toymaker. But I want them to play; as a mom, I want them to play, like, real-world play. who is ultimately the compassionate
one. We're the only creatures with fully developed moral sentiments. And that also brought me to the fact that this poses such a risk to our society. David Brooks: The social animal Colin Robertson had 3 minutes
on the TED stage to tell the world about his solar-powered crowdsourced health care solution. And then... DR: In fact, it was as if this was going to be window-washing scaffolding. In a situation like this,
we would expect the Critic to speak up and to tell the Actor to change its policy. And the great beauty is that you can then go from memory, out of those association cortices, and produce back images in
the very same regions that have perception. I've learned very simple things doing the work that I do. I was fortunate in finding things. So, they moved the entire village, hut by hut. Again, deliberate action
is needed. It gives it information. By adding information to matter, it gives it a function that's different than without that structure. And finally, it's a rich lavender, and after a couple of thousand
feet, it's ink black. I am the headmaster for all parts. And you repeat that process over and over again, until you have something that walks -- in this case, in a straight line, like this. You can do a very
simple test: scrape your cheek; send it off. "Hello, how're you doing, baby?" These stories saturated my cells and nerves, The 70s means who? Norman Lear. And in Philadelphia, you have Philadelphia cheesesteak
roll, which looks like an egg roll on the outside, but a cheesesteak on the inside. Pleo the robot dinosaur acts like a living pet -- exploring, cuddling, playing, reacting and learning. Inventor Caleb
Chung talks about Pleo and his wild toy career at EG07, on the week that Pleo shipped to stores for the first time. In March of 2007, he gave a speech, after which there was a surge in participation amongst
Libyan foreign fighters. It's not that hard a problem. CA: I imagine you're not planning to open up to passenger service from New York to Long Beach anytime soon. Or it might be that it's just 30 or 40, and
I doubt that it's several hundred. We're also working on more sophisticated printers. And they said scaling, which is the build-up of minerals inside of pipes. So, what, she wanted to know, could explain
this anomaly? And then it also has the lowest drag coefficient of any car of its size. But it's peripheral activities, like these, that allow people to get together, doing fun things. They actually get to
know each other, and it's sort of like low-threshold peripheral activities that I think are the key to bringing up some of our bonding social capital Now you may think that no one's looked at this before
because ownership networks are really, really boring to study. They go around looking for what it is. So part of my thinking, and part of my wishes, is sitting with these thoughts in mind, and thinking about,
"How is their life going to be when they want to have children, or when they're ready to get married 20 years from now -- or whatever, 15 years from now?" Another lesson is that thou shalt give thanks. Zvika:
I said, "OK, that's Bat-Chen, that's my daughter. The most interesting discovery of late, I think is the so-called immortal jellyfish, which has actually been observed in the lab to be able to be able to
revert back to the polyp state after reaching full maturity. And none of this pin stuff would have happened if it hadn't been for Saddam Hussein. I refuse to acknowledge this as anything like an accident. I
live in the Eastern Seaboard of North America when I'm not traveling. We're still trying to explain and come to terms with what is the evolutionary advantage of this. Even that wasn't enough. Wow. Let's go
for it. That's the kind of stuff. And so we can compare and contrast the big ideas. Yet, if you analyze the common man, he or she does not wake up every day and say, "Hmm, let me see who I can pay a bribe
to today." Even better than short bullet points are no bullet points. He just keeps running -- right up until the moment that he looks down and realizes that he's in mid-air. Haiti allowed us to glimpse into
a future of what disaster response might look like in a hyper-connected world where people have access to mobile smart devices. I was out of the air force in 1956. No, no, that's not true: I went in in
1956, came out in 1959, was working at the University of Washington, and I came up with an idea, from reading a magazine article, for a new kind of a phonograph tone arm. And here is another very famous
"Utopian" vision, that of Ebenezer Howard, "The Garden City." Can anybody see the blade on the end of that needle? And there was a young girl named Jaclyn. Consider this -- my real life car has about 25,000
miles on it. The years went by and the princess grew up into a beautiful young woman, who whistled even more beautifully. It involves light cones and quantum entanglement, and I don't really understand any
of that. And as I said, the trouble with this is that, in the developing world there just aren't teachers to make this model work. And imagine a bunch of kids standing in a circle and just waiting for the
steel ring to be passed on. We'd have a far better -- far better knowledge of what's happening on our planet environmentally than could be gathered with satellites and a handful of government sensor nets
alone. And I know it says MIT, and this is Caltech, but I have a couple extra if people want it. How you get it shouldn't make that much of a difference. The main purpose of the Large Hadron Collider is to
see this Higgs particle, and we're almost certain it will. But they get the information that causes them to stop, causes them to internalize that they need to make all of the various parts that will cause
them to change their shape, and try to get out of this capillary and find out what's going on. This is called the EyeWriter, and you can see the description. That means that if the entire U.S., for two years,
had top quartile teachers, the entire difference between us and Asia would go away. and the cucumbers would come flying down this conveyer belt, and his job was to pick off the ones that didn't look so
good and throw them in the bin labeled "relish" where they'd be crushed and mixed with vinegar and used for other kinds of profit. In fact, we were the only people in the universe. It poisoned his blood.
He died when I was 11. In this light, may science and religion endeavor here for the steady evolution of mankind, from darkness to light, from narrowness to broad-mindedness, from prejudice to tolerance. What
does that mean for the origin of flapping flight? So by and large, they are good for our survival. So "really" isn't a word that we should use with simple confidence. When first you see Nehru and Gandhi, We're
now in the fashion business, no matter what we do for a living, we're in the fashion business. But if we zoom in and take the perspective of, say, a little ant walking around -- little ants are so small
that they can access all of the dimensions -- the long dimension, but also this clockwise, counter-clockwise direction. It's a compound curve interior. So, it's empathizing the other person being touched. the
campers would go to a pond, But both started exploring it. and with change you gain something, but you also lose something. And when I underwent it and found solutions, this is the interrelationship between
the TMJ and the teeth. There's this incredibly interesting new site -- Technorati -- that's filled with lots of little widgets that are expanding on these. the global supply chains, which bring us our favorite
brand name products. I can't think of any other subject where that's recently been possible. They have their own tests, of course, and so they tested her for over 70 different assays, for every sort of bacteria
and fungus and viral assay you can buy off the shelf: SARS, metapneumovirus, HIV, RSV -- all these. CA: That was an utterly, utterly fascinating talk. People were making misjudgments all the time on her
mood. I went to the statistical authority of Qatar, to their webpage -- It's a very good webpage. I recommend it -- and I looked up -- oh yeah, you can have lots of fun here -- and provided free of charge,
I found Qatar's social trends. A couple of them were students in a course I was giving on evolutionary biology. I must say that before I went to the U.S. I didn't But in the U.S. whenever Africa came up
people turned to me. You need to be coachable. And I think it's particularly painful for us now in the West in the grips of what I sometimes think of as a Control-Z culture -- Control-Z like the computer
command, We're incredibly used to not having to face life's hard realities, in a certain sense. and it also brings the entire hospital together as a kind of musical community. There's one challenge symbolized
at the top, but there's another challenge to science symbolized at the bottom. All of them are connected, as you can see, to form a picture of me on the Web. American women said to Len, when he dated them,
"You're no fun. You don't have positive emotion. Get lost." Money is not a goal. Knowledge becomes a weight upon wisdom. So what ended up happening, actually, is they ended up increasing the outbreaks of
cholera because, as we now know, cholera is actually in the water. And that message, very frankly, is valuable for society today. And so people say to me, "How do I know if a word is real?" You put it into
a 15-liter vessel, about three gallons, and it'll cool it down to just above freezing -- for 24 hours in a 30 degree C environment. It's really cheap. When he saw me on what turned out to be his last hours
on this earth, his hands moved as if in slow motion. In this, Elvis is following Aristotle's classic definition of metaphor as the process of giving the thing a name that belongs to something else. Is there
a risk that we go to places like Africa and say, we've got to fix this problem and we can do it, I've got all these billions of dollars, you know, da, da, da -- here's the big idea. And kind of take a
much more complex situation and actually end up making a mess of it. Do you worry about that? And I've tried to put together something that's a good start for this. So for $60, I could summarize a thousand
TEDTalks into just 600 summaries, which would actually be quite nice. "Oh my God, oh my God, it's moving again!" So I find ... And he can't understand how this barbarism can be tolerated, and he vents his
frustrations. So I think there's so many different ways that people can express themselves using this, to be able to take their ideas and share their ideas with the world. And here's the result. It's a way
better experience than whatever you're used to listening to, in whatever form. So, how many of you have ever gotten behind the wheel of a car when you really shouldn't have been driving? This is the legacy
Prisoners are still born into prisoner-of-war camps long after the guards are gone. whereas when they work for the other side, eventually, when they find out this is the wrong person, they've been manipulated,
they actually, each one has a different, colorful kind of dress. Tell us, Charlie, why would you say he should be able to use a golf cart? Leaders hold a position of power or authority, There was no progress,
no innovation. And the tension here is between institution as enabler and institution as obstacle. Ever since I can remember thinking consciously about such things, communication has been my central passion. And
on the bottom, my personal favorite, the little male over there, four hours after his release he was together with a wild female. The good news, again, is that a lot of the things they need we already have,
and we are very good at giving: economic assistance, not just money, but expertise, technology, knowhow, private investment, fair terms of trade, medicine, education, technical support for training for
their police forces to become more effective, for their anti-terror forces to become more efficient. global issues,law,politics,prison,war Are you in a helmet? Are you in goggles? That experience of like,
shopping together, just as a simple example, is an example of how as social creatures we want to experience information in that way. Though I was attached to this ugly, unwanted, high-maintenance, mechanical
pet, my life was kind of like the happy part in an opera -- very complicated, but in a good way. And by rating it and by rating the different people who submit information, we can get refined results and
weighted results. If you want this experience to live on as something historic, then at the reception tonight I'd like to encourage you to do something beyond what people normally do and call networking. It's
an old move. Boy, couldn't you just listen to that all day? They hired experts to come and look at articles and compare the quality, and we were very pleased with that result. When you look at Kibera now,
they look back. Volantor-like helicopter, perhaps. And you can look at what a wet meadow needs. They wanted absolutely nothing to do with this project. I'm gonna talk a little bit about open-source security,
because we've got to get better at security in this 21st century. This is an incredibly rugged machine. After one harvest, they had increased their income enough to buy a second system to do their full quarter-acre. So
this is what I was talking about, while molding, it's such a great experience, because we have freedom of like walking, or moving my hand or, moving around in the space, but the moment this becomes solid,
when you cannot move even an inch, because this is plaster of Paris, so the moment you pour it it's like liquid; but after 20 minutes, it's almost like a hard stone. And your instinct is to say, "Why don't
you suck an egg?" We are literally a teeming ecosystem of microorganisms. At TEDxBG in Sofia, Steve Keil fights the "serious meme" that has infected his home of Bulgaria -- and calls for a return to play
to revitalize the economy, education and society. A sparkling talk with a universal message for people everywhere who are reinventing their workplaces, schools, lives. And again, some of these may be far-fetched,
but I figured if there's anywhere to present far-fetched ideas, it's here at TED, so thank you very much. When Tony was 16 years old, one day, one moment, "It was mom's gun. The question that I came up with
was this question: what does technology want? And by that, I don't mean, does it want chocolate or vanilla? By what it wants, I mean, what are its inherent trends and biases? SP: Today is sport. [Unclear]
Radio: [Unclear] Christian soldiers. So these are systems which are made up of many interconnected or interacting parts: swarms of birds or fish, ant colonies, ecosystems, brains, financial markets. And
the other women sang and they prayed for me and my mother. Imagine, with somebody who's lost their whole arm, we still have four major nerves that go down your arm. Consumption, in that sense, is an expression
of their productive potential. Puts it in reverse. Fifty-five out of the driveway, in reverse. Assumption number one in the food industry used to be that the way to find out what people want to eat -- what
will make people happy -- is to ask them. And so, those two individuals have different numbers of friends. that's initiating the relationship. Indeed, they, like all of us, celebrate this kind of relationship. And
also, space is incredibly vast. The little one had a tendency to try to run off the track and that's a problem. Halfway through this process, I met the president of Kiribati, President Anote Tong. But look
at it this way. And the mixture that the patient inhales needs to be at least a certain percentage oxygen or else it can become dangerous. Just, you know, there are other things for you to do, but that's
not going to work out for you." I've done my grieving about the loss. I just -- thank you. And that ephemeral nature of the hydrothermal vent community isn't really different from some of the areas that I've
seen in 35 years of traveling around, making films. He's doing stuff that looks as amazing as stuff I've seen released from Hollywood. How well do you think you're doing at managing those choices? AO: The
puzzle we came up with was an if-then rule. I want to make my friends understand: China is complicated. When the kids are in bed, who is in front of the PlayStation? So, apparently this is how you write "people,"
as in the People's Republic of China. Grab that issue, sit it down in front of you, look straight in its eyes, and tell it there is no Christmas this year. The computer had to integrate a vast amount of
geospacial information, social media data and relief organization information to answer this question. To get a star to form, you need a big ball of gas and dust to collapse. What I do know is that it seems
to be really important to think about the idea of the United States being in the lead of thinking about this issue of democracy. So when you say you feel remorse for your crime, they say, 'Typical of the
psychopath to cunningly say he feels remorse when he doesn't.' It's like witchcraft. They turn everything upside-down." My answer to that is don't look at the big, overwhelming issues of the world. And you
need to put some new incisions in there. This is Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. It's a horrible term of trade. For billions of years, the universe evolved completely without notice. The OED defines spectrum as "The
entire range of wavelengths of electromagnetic radiation, from the longest radio waves to the shortest gamma rays of which the range of visible light is only a small part." Robin Chase on Zipcar and her
next big idea And I was sitting in a hallway one night and a couple girls came up to me. His death hit me pretty hard. And we need nine centimeters per second to detect an Earth-like planet. It might well
be that there are environmental factors that we're not aware of, and it's pretty likely to be the case that there are genetic factors we're not aware of. I built this thing for my studio. Well, it's been
downloaded four million times. And that may be of great, you know, interest to this group, because all of you are talking about groups. One group of people just met for an hour-and-a-half once a week in
a support group. "No, no, no, no. I've got these special feet that need a two-inch heel. I have a three-inch heel. Kofi is the embodiment of possibility. And he finished his talk with the phrase, that, "The
gross national product measures everything except that which makes life worthwhile." On that table you can see 48 hours' worth of seized goods from passengers entering in to the United States. And now we've
got to move them to accept a long-term target, and then short-term targets. And she starts doing all these different drawings and does color patterns and coloring books. We are moved by the idea of virtual
worlds because, like space, they allow us to reinvent ourselves and they contain anything and everything, and probably anything could happen there. Now we can eat local food. What if we could change it so
that we didn't have to re-set up each time we wanted to move somewhere different? Murderers are known to leak sadness. Then, you rip off the topsoil and get at that oily sand. But these are not new to Africa. So
watching all of this show from outer space, you think we get it, we understand that the most precious resource on the blue planet is our consciousness. Can you imagine tossing a coin successively? And it
was here, about 10,000 years ago, that two extraordinary inventions, agriculture and urbanism, happened roughly in the same place and at the same time. When we first gave it to them in their enclosures,
they actually kind of picked them up, looked at them. And the second thing is that an ant's ability to assess this pattern must be very crude because no ant can do any sophisticated counting. And it seemed
to me that that was the wrong direction, and I needed to be back helping. And over the last two years, 2,000 people has been crippled in the southern tip of Bandundu region. and I'm reminded of that by watching
you all today. They touch us too deeply. It's only the beginning of the problem. I had never swum in water of minus 1.7 degrees before, because it's just impossible to train in those types of conditions. But
what was cool was that the repercussions now for Greenpeace was, they created an entire marketing campaign around it. And the people who made money from Brazil nuts were not the people who made money from
cutting the forests. And he started asking me questions. He was supporting his wife and a child, and the child was going to parochial school. And so it's not going to break very easily, but if it does, virtually
every piece in this machine can be swapped out and replaced with a hex wrench and a screwdriver. It was a phenomenon where young brides were committing suicide in rural Gujarat, because they were being
forced to bring more and more money for their in-laws' families. In this example here, we had monitored this reef in Galapagos with temperature recorders, so we know the temperature of the water the coral's
growing in. Because our acquisition of social learning would create a social and evolutionary dilemma, the resolution of which, it's fair to say, would determine not only the future course of our psychology,
but the future course of the entire world. And we still use them commonly, because they're very robust and relatively simple devices. So it turns out that design for inspiration doesn't really -- And we have
some interesting cases, candidates, so on, things which we can't really explain. And an astonishing number of innovations from this period have a coffeehouse somewhere in their story. It also monitors the
Internet and instructs local media on how to handle any potentially controversial issues, including Tibet, ethnic minorities, Human Rights, religion, democracy movements and terrorism. Hong Kong was also
the model which leaders like Deng Xiaoping could copy, when they decided to move all of the mainland towards the market model. When I went traveling, I remember, I met this fabulous old man, who I met when
I was caricaturing, who turned out to be an artist, in Italy. Now, synesthesia is the experience of a stimulus in once sense organ in another sense organ as well, such as colored hearing. And you have the
market revolution of the 1980s and the huge increase of inequality in societies. Who has the biggest budget as a proportion of GDP? I'm not a politician, I'm a scientist. Darfur may have slipped from the
news headlines, but the killing and displacement there continues as well, and the sheer human misery that it creates is very hard to fathom. But if we can get that data out from behind the dam so software
innovators can pounce on it, the way software innovators like to do, who knows what we'll be able to come up with. Now remember, northern India is the perfect storm when it comes to polio. We can combine
shared use and folding and autonomy and we get something like 28 times the land utilization with that kind of strategy. But there's two fates to everything, isn't there? And then you go to Baragwanath Hospital,
outside of Johannesburg in South Africa, and 8,000 HIV-positive pregnant women giving birth -- a hospital the same as a country. I simply needed vision and belief. They're fighting battles over much narrower
issues. If you express your request as a conditional -- "if you could open the window, that would be great" -- even though the content is an imperative, the fact that you're not using the imperative voice
means that you're not acting as if you're in a relationship of dominance, where you could presuppose the compliance of the other person. Where have they come from? Where are they going? The bad news is that
mother nature's back office isn't working yet, so those invoices don't get issued. You can also toggle between altitude for model and manufacturer. I believe this has to be done with a new kind of user interface,
and this new kind of user interface could be done with an expenditure of about 100 million dollars. But you're boxed in, if you can only do it up and down that way. Now the problem with the robots doing
this is that they can't get unstuck, with the material. The Eggmobile is a very rickety contraption -- But a more interesting way, the current way to take the long view, is to look at it in an evolutionary
perspective. I don't have a clue. What it means is the Web is going to become an exciting place again. We're going to perceive it as a good thing to go after. and I am a Wilderness Explorer in Tribe 54.")
And you can of course play games. And so I was sitting in this restaurant, waiting for a man to come by who obviously would have some difficulty ... because if you'd known my father, you would've wanted
to poison him too. Would you like to see foreign troops on your land?" business,creativity,design,entertainment,humor,media Don't know. We will discuss that. I learned that economists measure everything in
tangible units of production and consumption as if each of those tangible units is exactly the same. It does raise the question of, they're not going to have passenger pigeon parents to teach them how to
be a passenger pigeon. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. This was when the core structure of medicine what it meant to be good at what we did and how we wanted to build medicine to be. So he tried
to change the rules for pricing on electricity, And I've taken my two year-old son to playgrounds all over the United States. And then the really scary thing about all of this -- the overfishing, the pollution
and the climate change -- is that each thing doesn't happen in a vacuum. But there are these, what we call, positive feedbacks, Because there's a sport, there's an activity going on that we're all aware
of, that we condone. And on one occasion when we were up in Malin Head up in Donegal, a shark smacked the side of the boat with his tail, more, I think, in startle to the fact that a boat came near it,
rather than the tag going in. creativity,disease,innovation,insects,invention,poverty,technology This is actually like a cotton candy machine. And actually in the period through which we've been working over
the last 18 years -- partly because of the financial crisis and a little bit of humility in the profession of economics -- actually people are engaging in this issue in all sorts of countries around the
world. "Oh, all right." The rhythm can get much smaller. We squash music to fit it into our pocket and there is a cost attached to this. We wanted to share our stories with each other. And as a result, these
exposed males lose their testosterone, they're chemically castrated, and they're subsequently feminized because now they're making the female hormone. The lines around the edges are a polymer. To me, charity
often is just about giving, because you're supposed to, or because it's what you've always done, or it's about giving until it hurts. It's necessary and, just as important, it's good for the California
economy. So it's not all bad news. I mean, there definitely is progress on the line, but I think what we find is that the closer that we get right into the heart of power, the more opaque, closed it becomes. And
in this session, Gabby's working with a speech therapist, and she's struggling to produce some of the most basic words, and you can see her growing more and more devastated, until she ultimately breaks
down into sobbing tears, and she starts sobbing wordlessly into the arms of her therapist. And the floppy disk drive person wears it. I see this desire in my students at the University of Virginia. And to
make a long story short, in the last couple of years now, thousands of people have begun to walk parts of the path of Abraham in the Middle East, enjoying the hospitality of the people there. And I said,
"Well, I think I do too -- but I also hear it through my hands, through my arms, cheekbones, my scalp, my tummy, my chest, my legs and so on." Cochrane, he starts ranting at these Germans in this Scottish
accent -- in fluent German, by the way, but in a Scottish accent -- and explains to them how German culture was the culture that gave Schiller and Goethe to the world. All spiders make silk at some point
in their life. Common, the common -- I think that's absolutely right, And the one my mother asked: how do I make things happen? This is the Library of Human Imagination. So I did a few prototypes. I got a
small little grant at Stanford. And I said, no, you really ought to study brains. They said, oh, you know, you're wrong. And I said, no, you're wrong, and I didn't get in. So here we can see the white represents
low altitudes, and the blue are higher altitudes. Because it's an arranged marriage, not a love marriage. Alain de Botton: Yes. I think it's merely the randomness of the winning and losing process that I
wanted to stress. Now, am I sure that every single person followed that, understood it, was moved by it? Of course, I can't be sure. it's more interesting to me. It's less boring for me. And their first recommendation
of how to fix this problem, because it is a problem, because it sends us all down blind alleys, their first recommendation of how to fix this problem is to make it easier to publish negative results in
science, and to change the incentives so that scientists are encouraged to post more of their negative results in public. We have to fix our immigration policy. And your motor command saying there is an
arm, and, because of this conflict, the brain says, to hell with it, there is no phantom, there is no arm, right? And that really has to do to many different challenges. Any form of interdependence, or non-zero-sum
relationship forces you to acknowledge the humanity of people. How do we explain this? Larry Page: Thank you, Sergey. And that's kind of what has been the spirit of what we are doing. It's all about sensuality.
It's all about transforming. Should I try it? Man: One, two, three, four folds we make. Because according to this, getting something wrong means there's something wrong with us. The fact that the entropy of
the universe was low was a reflection of the fact that the early universe was very, very smooth. There are literally hundreds of those kinds of communities across the Middle East, across the path. You look
at art. Look at the ballerina, Why are we still stuck in Afghanistan? Can you guess what this data set is? And a tear gas canister the size of a Pepsi can goes by my head. Whoosh! We actually did exactly the
wrong thing in Boston. I thought, maybe there's some earthly basis for moral decisions. He was brought in in October 2007 to basically fix this broken school system. And the reason that that was the model
of beauty and of nature was because the decimal point had not been invented yet -- it wasn't the 16th century -- and everybody had to dimension a building in terms of fractions, so a room would be dimensioned
as one-fourth of a facade; the structural dais of that might be dimensioned as 10 units, and you would get down to the small elements by fractional subdivision: finer and finer and finer. We hope to have
opened the door for more such research in this direction, so the remaining unknown terrain will be charted in the future. There's diatoms made out of SIO2, and they're magnetotactic bacteria that make small,
single-domain magnets used for navigation. And so, because you don't know, you're praying to the universe because you're praying to the universe that something -- I'm going to try and access the universe
the way Einstein -- say a prayer -- accessed his equations, the same source. I'm looking for the same source because creativity comes from absolutely the same source that you meditate somewhere outside
yourself, outside the universe. So that's what I normally do. I made a whole installation out of blue tape -- blue painters' tape. and the government can invest in infrastructure -- rather than infrastructure
being a cause for economic growth. We are, in short, flying blind into our environmental future. I'm not at all a cook. Negotiable meaning that it makes a difference whether you do something or not. Recently
"The Economist" recognized this, but I stumbled upon the idea 12 years ago, and that's what I've been working on. But the way that humans tell the stories has always evolved with pure, consistent novelty. So
what you'd be wondering, watching the Human Show, is are we going to confront and address the catastrophic climate shift that may be heading our way by growing our consciousness, or are we going to continue
to retreat? And these drugs are going generic. And I would like to share with you some of the bits of the conversation that we started with. but I've done this now for 30 years, And what we can do with our
biology is going to shape our future and that of our children and that of their children -- whether we gain control over aging, whether we learn to protect ourselves from Alzheimer's, and heart disease,
and cancer. So, we've got now this flour. And Grandma was even more excited. Shimon Steinberg: Natural pest control ... using bugs! And if you take a look at that, this was actually in a book that I wrote
that deals with artificial life. So, we've gotten more and more interested in using these kinds of creative activities in a much broader context, for all kinds of people who don't usually have the opportunity
to make music. I was already up at 4.4. ZK: So my favorite idea for this is to apply the ink to a book. And that was the beginning of what turned out to be a beautiful relationship that involved Sudhir living
in the housing project on and off for 10 years: hanging out in crack houses, going to jail with the gang members, having the car-windows shot out of his car, having the police break into his apartment
and steal his computer disks -- you name it. This is a construction of a man named [Gaston] Julia and [Pierre] Fatou. This is even more amazing. Put this in your speed dial. One girl named Mary said, "You
asked my mother?" We are very acutely aware of our social status and always seek to further and increase it. So this is little Emma. I won't show you very many graphs today, but if I can just focus on this
one for a moment, it really tells us a lot of what we need to know -- which is, quite simply, that if you look, for example, at transportation, a major category of climate emissions, there is a direct
relationship between how dense a city is and the amount of climate emissions that its residents spew out into the air. And then it also provides them, in the off-season, rent out their space for entirely
different things. And I was reminded by Karen Armstrong's fantastic presentation that religion really properly understood is not about belief, but about behavior. So this is not your intuition, Well, this
year is the 50th anniversary of Issigonis's Mini, which is one of my favorite cars. So we've studied sexually abused women, and about half those don't release oxytocin on stimulus. design,food,global issues,invention,medicine,short
talk,technology At least you can then decide whether it goes left or -- oh, simulcast. Sorry! I forgot. I forgot. OK, so wherever the camera is -- OK, good point. Thank you, Chris. We think in abstract terms,
we think in movement. It confers upon us an enormous responsibility that is not just the responsibility of the scientists and the ethicists who are thinking about it and writing about it now. And then we
decided, why not get to religion because in the Philippines, the Catholic Church was pretty strong, and Thai people were Buddhist. Now, there are many details left to explore in this scheme -- political,
practical, ethical, financial. How many bullet points or headlines does Steve Jobs use? The zeppelin -- this was from a brochure about the zeppelin based, obviously, on the Hindenburg. Cheap meaning a few
percent of GDP. Well in surgery, you couldn't have people who are more specialized and you couldn't have people who are better trained. They had to raise the stated dropout rate as soon as that tracking
was done to over 30 percent. So now you're faced with telling your patient, first of all, that they may need another surgery, or that they need additional therapy such as radiation or chemotherapy. that
this is what practitioners actually want. So, to explain this curious disorder, we look at the structure and functions of the normal visual pathways in the brain. My family ate one meal per day, at night. In
Australia, a lily turned into a grass tree, and in Hawaii, a daisy became a silver sword. In MLL, it's the middle set of genes, and in AML, it's the bottom set of genes. which is made of colored glass, going
all around. So we tried something out, and we wrote a message in a piece of silk, which is right here, and the message is over there. I've shown you that we can use it to treat a mood circuit in cases of
depression. So I felt enormous pity for Fide's family. Tell people about it! It's got to become viral, OK? We actually don't know. Pictures were taken every day: day one, day two ... Everybody who has looked
at this and studied it agrees. The connection between ocean health and human health is actually based upon another couple simple adages, and I want to call that "pinch a minnow, hurt a whale." People were
walking around obsessed. Now, one of the wonderful things that NASA does is it puts up a variety of satellites that detect all sort of interesting things about our environment. That gave an advantage; that
was an implication of the technology's rise that wasn't obvious to everybody. No job, no money, no security, no prospect." This is a merry-go-round invented by the company Roundabout, which pumps water as
kids play. You know? This is a three-dimensional machine. What good is that, to know these things? I didn't want them to be overly threatening or scary. So there seems to be a complete disconnect here. So,
I went. In the evening, I went to speak with the bosses at the headquarters, and I told them -- I lied -- I told them, "Listen, we are going to start a couple of hours per day, just a few repairs." Maybe
some of them are here now. Your father is murdered. We recognize them in relation to corporations. It's very simple: it's a chair. Do you see me simply smothered in cloth? Seriously, what does a Harvard student
possibly have to be unhappy about?" Get writing. So in the face of that, you really need quite a strong incentive to use condoms. And the fact is, people learn from people they love. You're all so responsible
for this world that we live in today. and there's probably lost opportunities. But what can you do? You're in the middle of the ocean. In 30, 50 years back, it was nothing, only paddy fields, and since we
invited him here, he felt that he has got a responsibility. And they take this stuff seriously. He's done a lot of very cutting-edge science. And she said, "Oh no! Just dis everybody, except Ralph Nader." These
kinds of probes exploit it. Okay? But total movie revenues across theaters, home video and pay-per-view are up. I know. I know. I know. Through most of our life, we get through life by reasoning by analogy,
which essentially means copying what other people do with slight variations. Warning: that may not work. And, we're just about to announce the Zinio Reader product that I believe will make magazines even
more enjoyable to read. I mean, there's enormous pressures to harmonize freedom of speech legislation and transparency legislation around the world -- within the E.U., between China and the United States. But
30 percent is not a pass. Phoenix Islands is a major tuna location. I'm a historian. The reason that I avoided an MBA program -- other than the fact that I couldn't get into any because I had a 61 percent
average out of high school and then 61 percent average at the only school in Canada that accepted me, Carlton -- but our MBA programs don't teach kids to be entrepreneurs. They teach them to go work in
corporations. So this is a picture of rural Haiti. Haiti is now 98 percent deforested. Well, one of the things that we've learned is that, if we design these robots to communicate with us using the same
body language, the same sort of non-verbal cues that people use -- like Nexi, our humanoid robot, is doing here -- what we find is that people respond to robots a lot like they respond to people. This would
be a good outcome for energy. And of course, by now, you're probably saying to yourself, "Self, I thought I came to a talk about energy and here's this guy talking about biology." it is because they became
so much an instrument of God, they became part of God's team -- so that God's will was manifest through them, and they were not acting from their own selves and their own egos. Laparoscopy is doing this
kind of surgery: Combining projection mapping and a pop-up book, Marco Tempest tells the visually arresting story of Nikola Tesla -- called “the greatest geek who ever lived” -- from his triumphant invention
of alternating current to his penniless last days. There is also this myth that children from the slums cannot integrate with mainstream. And, similarly, a relativistic computer game in which objects on
the screen manifest the Lorenz Contraction, and so on, to try to get ourselves into the way of thinking -- get children into the way of thinking about it. And we've got to say, what good is all of our intellectual
and political and economic power -- and I'm really thinking intellectual power in this room -- if we can't use it to bring slavery to an end? In karaoke bars, there are always people who sing "She's Gone"
or "Hotel California," miming the guitar riffs. They were making it possible for us to do what they do, and yet, they didn't really understand how they did it. So when it's quiet, it's sort of coming out
from behind the panels. Here is a clip from a video, from a piece of animation that was written by a writer in Hollywood, animation worked out in Israel, farmed out to Croatia and India, and it's now an
international series. I mean he had laid it all out. You can do that with an electric car because of its responsiveness. For example, molecular structure. Well, there are many answers, but one answer surely
is, we see a lot of winners. Right? When this couple wins the lottery, or Ed McMahon shows up at your door with this giant check -- how the hell do you cash things that size, I don't know. It seemed so
intuitive to me. Well, if you only focus on your brightest students, you know what happens is disparities grow, and you can see this bubble moving slightly to the other direction, but still, an impressive
improvement. So I say to Tony, "Sorry, but it's worse than you think. And if we can do that, the sequence of the neurons we recover from that unscrambling will be a prediction of the pattern of neural activity
that is replayed in the brain during memory recall. I do work with different choreographers. Of course, Bosch called this hell. I see you're all up on the history of hurdy-gurdy -- "vielle à roue." And in
Spanish, "zanfona." No to stripping the people, and the blue bra is to remind us of our shame as a nation when we allow a veiled woman to be stripped and beaten on the street, and the footprint reads, "Long
live a peaceful revolution," because we will never retaliate with violence. And something about it just kind of drew me towards it. You're like, "You know? I think that's an animal carcass behind her." And
2004, the net profit, after taxes -- very serious taxes -- was 120 million dollars. We're getting closer to one percent now, thanks to the protections of the Chagos Archipelago, and only a fraction of this
is fully protected from fishing. I'm fed up with the power that a few exert over the many through gender, income, race, and class. And one of the things that we did was to adopt a very classical model of
fear. "I have read 'Blackawton Bees' recently. I don't have words to explain exactly how I am feeling right now. And there will be about a 20 percent chance we'll recover him. We've connected senior water
rights holders with brewers in Montana, with hotels and tea companies in Oregon and with high-tech companies that use a lot of water in the Southwest. And "done this before" is starting an enterprise and
creating value, and taking something from beginning to end. You really do have to go and see his latest film, "Aliens of the Deep." It’s incredible. This is very satisfying. And that means that there is a
one-way transfer of energy from our environment into our homes and cities. Sensing the motives and feelings of others is a natural talent for humans. But how do we do it? Here, Rebecca Saxe shares fascinating
lab work that uncovers how the brain thinks about other peoples' thoughts -- and judges their actions. Video: Homer Simpson: We have a tennis court, a swimming pool, a screening room -- You mean if I want
pork chops, even in the middle of the night, It's like if you're a chef and you put it on your menu, you risk being attacked. But it's not only that. And therefore she starts normalizing this exploitation. In
infrastructure, we're working with a company out of Boston called Geosyntec. And it's led to a view of human nature that we're rational individuals who respond in straightforward ways to incentives, and
it's led to ways of seeing the world where people try to use the assumptions of physics to measure how human behavior is. An example would be in "Finding Nemo," in the short tension, you were always worried,
would Dory's short-term memory make her forget whatever she was being told by Marlin. They throw up anti-access, area-denial asymmetrical strategies. So there is the landing target. Could they steer towards
it with these capabilities? Here it is in the wind tunnel. It's not doing too well. We've over-issued. he had all the money he needed to pursue any leisure activity he wanted; By the time the helicopter arrived
at Prince Henry Hospital in Sydney, my blood pressure was 40 over nothing. That red line is from the theory. So we said screw it, we'll just start our own company, which we did three years ago. And so, I
think of what I'm doing not so much as studying the defendant in a criminal trial, but studying the jury. Because we discovered that people care, and people would like to know -- they are receiving the
stream through our Internet. This is Vivienne Westwood. No! And I had a chance to go in the Gulf of Mexico the terrible conditions in which they were working. So one of the things we discovered is where are
the hot spots of diversity? It is time that we start building living monuments to hope and possibility. One young girl posted the last message she ever heard from her grandmother. It's called "Breath." It's
just two holes on the gallery wall. I had never lived alone for any period of time, and I'd never slept with sea lions snoring next to me all night. And so the suggestion is, well hey, if we're going to
send robots out and allow them to do this, maybe it would be a good idea, again, with these things if they were armed with non-lethal weapons so that if the robot makes a bad decision and shoots the wrong
person, again, they haven't actually killed them. Which isn't a bad definition of what our job is, to help people appreciate what is unfamiliar, but also to gain a greater appreciation, and place a far
higher value on those things which are already existing. And anything that you can do to promote that would be fantastic. But you will remain one of the most important superpowers, and the most hopeful superpower,
for the time to be. I, like most of you, was sitting down, the day after Christmas in 2004, when I was watching the devastating news of the Asian tsunami as it rolled in, playing out on TV. Compromise, if
it's artistic, if it is able to cope with its strategies -- and there is my first sketch and the last rendering -- it's not that far away. And then if the cabin depressurizes while the aircraft is coming
back down, in whatever emergency measures, everyone is okay. This technology, the women will not share with the men. What if we imagined the Upper East Side with green roofs, and streams winding through
the city, and windmills supplying the power we need? And you see that Z.Q. there was 80-odd. And most often we can do two interventions, fix the meds mix. So you have to always think carefully about these
decisions. As an architect, it's really hard to set the agenda. We expand. We take the feeling about remembering a mama, and we defuse that to all beings in this meditation. And it's been suggested that basking
sharks would make fantastic indicators of climate change, because they're basically continuous plankton recorders swimming around with their mouth open. So the yellow bar represents car seats, the orange
bar lap-and-shoulder, and the red bar lap-only seatbelts. My story is the power of choice. Perhaps it's not a very insightful observation, but that really started me on a path to be able to do a kind of
theme and variations based on a work by Piero, in this case that remarkable painting that's in the Uffizi, "The Duke of Montefeltro," who faces his consort, Battista. I know it's Hispanic because she's
speaking Spanish to her companion. The icons like Michael Pollan and Jamie Oliver in his TED Prize wish both addressed this last three-decade time period as incredibly relevant for food system change. I
was not allowed to speak with anyone. Here's one: "God deliberately shaped and formed you to serve him in a way that makes your ministry unique. For IMPASS, we can do many, many different types of motion. Her
grandson actually lives in the Twin Cities here. An increase of dopamine caused subjects to see more patterns than those that did not receive the dopamine. And when you use indoor spraying with DDT you can
cut deaths by over 50 percent. children,crime,culture,education,evil,global issues,heroism,peace,prison,psychology,war And they are taking over Sweden, and they are now healthier than Sweden. he envisioned
all that happening. And they extract the metals by hand. It's in its early stages, and it's crude by some measures, but in fact, 20 years ago, we were at nothing. But that's what we're going to do. One was
when I had been dropped off by boat on a remote fjord, only to find that the archeologists I was supposed to meet were nowhere to be found. Our model of security around electricity is something we were
born into. And we have the greatest chance of success if we recognize our vulnerability. The answer turns out to be two percent. I'm Sergio, I'm a humanitarian, and I want to feed those -- well, I don't want
to feed the killers but I want to feed the two million people who are with them, so we're going to go, we're going to set up camps, and we're going to supply humanitarian aid. But pollen forensics can be
very subtle. He grabbed his pen, he snatched his scissors. If you have money, of course, you can get the value. That completes the quadruple. But, you could set us to work thinking about questions like, suppose
it isn't just Canada that does the deal with Raul Castro. And it also became the theme that I felt that I could hold onto, and not have to re-invent myself -- that this theme was large enough to become
a life's work, to become something that I could sink my teeth into and just research and find out where these industries are. This was like a biological desert. There's no breeding pairs left. Why do transnational
extremist organizations succeed where democratic movements have a harder time taking hold? Maajid Nawaz, a former Islamist extremist, asks for new grassroots stories and global social activism to spread
democracy in the face of nationalism and xenophobia. A powerful talk from TEDGlobal 2011. And at some point the Dutch police came into Amsterdam and arrested Van Meegeren. And I hope that I don't get sick
during the book tour. That was not a controlled descent. There's a starry crown in heaven, I know. They were able to chase off one of the poachers and recover this ivory, So we said, "Well, these will be on
round tables and the order around the table had to be the same, But then when I discovered the situation in my country, at that time there was so much corruption. It's what the money motivates, And he ended
up writing about a story that even surprised me -- hip hop -- that there are young Yemeni men who express themselves through dancing and puchu puchu. And in that time we prototyped and built, in about three
days, a system that would allow anybody with a mobile phone to send in information and reports on what was happening around them. BF: All right? Oh my gosh. Oh. But if you're a marine biologist, Maldives
is not such a bad place to be. They really enjoyed each other's company. I thought, this would be so great! And so what I'm about to show you is an accurate representation of the actual DNA replication machine
that's occurring right now inside your body, at least 2002 biology. We know what fairness and justice and opportunity look like. It's a conversation about augmentation. Well, the transition to democracy in
South Africa in 1994 was literally a dream come true for many of us. Although, listening to Kevin Kelly, you don't have to remember anything. It's this democracy of 10,000 cells that all have to fire in
unison for the pacemaker to work correctly. And what I've discovered since is this: Bullies use violence in three ways. The deal was that they would give me one hour of broadband time, sitting in their homes,
one day in a week. So they did that, In fact, the aircraft companies gave up on vertical-takeoff aircraft more or less for a number of years. It's our health, our social behavior, and our productivity as
well. You change the typeface to, like, this typeface, and it's kind of funny. It's like pirate typeface, like Captain Jack Sparrow typeface. Arr! Fear! And second of all, it requires imagination. The gharial
and king cobra are two of India's most iconic reptiles, and they're endangered because of polluted waterways. Conservationist Romulus Whitaker shows rare footage of these magnificent animals and urges
us to save the rivers that sustain their lives and our own. She said she actually saw the person run out who she thinks stole whatever the jewelry was, but the police came, they got her, there was nothing
on her. We think it is shortcut. First of all, how good is it? Well, it's pretty good. It isn't perfect, but it's much, much better than you would expect, given our completely chaotic model. So, it's two
profiles in black, or a white vase in the middle. And then you need smartly designed interactions. Two reasons. It's always the same three things, so let's explore that. The common theme -- what makes it origami
-- is folding is how we create the form. In India, I found the situation was not a lot better. "No, you take the prize. Of course, we all know as educators that students don't learn by sitting and passively
watching videos. That second foundation underlies the other 30 percent of the moral statements I've heard here at TED. Many of you, maybe you've seen it or you've heard of the story, but what you might not
know is that for nearly the first hour of the film, the main character, Benjamin Button, who's played by Brad Pitt, is completely computer-generated from the neck up. I mean after all, this whole business
happened on his watch. If you go forward the next 10 years and cap the price of oil at 100 dollars a barrel, you will pay 2.2 trillion. And I've had for 30 years an interest in a series of complexities where
a series of forces are brought to bear, and to understand the nature of the final result of that, representing the building itself. When I was born there was less than one billion children in the world,
and today, 2000, there's almost two billion. And then we can swoop inside and around; and because we're flying, we don't really have to worry about gravity at this particular moment in time, so this drawing
can be oriented in any way on the page. We did a study, a scientifically designed process, and then, to our dismay, we found this was only reaching seven percent of those in need, and we're not adequately
addressing more, bigger problems. I've played the Disney Hall here and Carnegie Hall and places like that. As if the money invested in advertising could not bring in dramatically greater sums of money to
serve the needy. Boy: We had to do this because, to keep in balance because if you didn't keep your balance, then you would just fall over about, like, to the left or right, about 45 degrees. and by doing
so we could save ourselves 300 million dollars a year, and we could spend that on our children in other ways." Now, sometimes those probabilities are near certainties. If it's a tail, you crack open the
champagne. So over the last decade, we've been reveling in the power of the Internet and how it's empowered individuals, and for me, what Peers, Inc. does So our research -- and I think the research also
at the universities -- are now fixing on these points to say: how can we actually -- and this might sound trivial now to you -- how can we change cooking? So to address this, we developed with a Dr. Brown
in Stanford: virtual dissection table. Now this idea has been very controversial for the last 40 years, but it's about to make a major comeback this year, especially after E.O. Wilson's book comes out in
April, making a very strong case that we, and several other species, are products of group selection. This is again, indicating how numbers relate to space relate to form, maps of the universe. They have
different electrical and magnetic properties. And these women sing an enchanting song, a song so alluring that all sailors who hear it crash into the rocks and die." Now you would expect, given that, that
they would choose an alternate route around the Sirens, but instead Odysseus says, "I want to hear that song. Freeman Hrabowski: 4 pillars of college success in science It's actually a fairly common picture. They
need, much more than anything else, your acceptance. And it seemed that whenever there was a camera around, or a video or film camera, it was a great deal harder to do -- for those in power to bury the
story. Well, now, actually because of you, it is possible to change the physical world. We believe in risk awareness. But there is something more profound here, And that deeper, underlying point is that science
is in the process of redefining life as we know it. And just these little things. This is not science, but this was enough for me to be really so interested in how we have evolved and how we can trace our
line. I think that, if we look at what happened on the Internet, with such an incredible last half a dozen years, that it's hard to even get the right analogy for it. One of the most common ones is happiness
and pleasure. I got interested in them because they're the most extreme example of a surface where the texture and the -- let's call it the decoration -- I know the frog doesn't think of it as decoration,
but that's how it works -- are all intricately connected to one another. So what I'm going to do is show you how to spot a couple of classic moves, dead giveaways, really, for what's variously been called
neuro-bunk, neuro-bollocks, or, my personal favorite, neuro-flapdoodle. We're sieving the material, we're using magnets, we're using air classification. I'm boggled at how much he and his associates needed
to know in order to plot this out. Are you ready to make the match? And vice versa, the best care often turns out to be the least expensive -- has fewer complications, the people get more efficient at what
they do. This is a crazy thing, this big drill rig wrapped in a blanket to keep everybody warm, drilling at temperatures of minus 40. and what will be the benefit of that? And the turnaround in swimming came
when a friend of mine said, "I will go a year without any stimulants" -- this is a six-double-espresso-per-day type of guy -- "if you can complete a one kilometer open water race." And the feedback in all
these cases is concrete. Welcome to the future. Thank you. They begin to self-replicate. So in absence of any reward, the intrinsic reward is self-replication. This is Father Keene. He's just a wonderful
guy. Cars were not meant for parallel parking; they're wonderful machines to go between cities, but just think about it: we've solved all the long-range, high-speed problems. But if you want to explore soils,
or if you want to colonize new territory, to best thing that you can do is to be inspired by plants that are masters in doing this. And this picture was sent throughout the country. This story starts: I
was at a friend's house, and she had on her shelf a copy of the DSM manual, which is the manual of mental disorders. And they have to do what this little boy is doing by the side of the Mumbai Airport expressway,
which is called open defecation, or poo-pooing in the open. And once you get increased antibiotic resistance, the antibiotics aren't knocking out the harmful strains anymore. Grasslands created opportunities. So
I do encourage you all to think about which senses you'd like to extend. They're mostly financial institutions in the U.S. and the U.K. Mars had rivers, Mars had lakes, And he finally gets enough strength
together to climb up the ladder onto the roof, and all the pigeons, a la Red Balloon, are there waiting for him and they carry him off over the walls of the city. And so I start thinking -- Max Miedinger
and all those Swiss designers together, trying to outdo Akzidenz-Grotesk, and come up with a new sans-serif typeface -- and the movie starts playing in my head already. And he happened to tell me about
a conference he'd just returned from in Israel, where they were talking about a new type of gamma detector. But of all the dire news that you'll hear and that you have heard about the state of our oceans,
I have the unfortunate burden of delivering to you possibly the very worst of it and that is this whole time your mother was right. But where are the important goals? If you're seeing it as a cube floating
in front of some circles, some black circles, there's another way of seeing it. Sam is 15 years old. His parents, Scott Berns and Leslie Gordon, both physicians, are here with us this morning as well. And
at that stage, we have multi-cellular communities, communities of lots of different types of cells, working together as a single organism. So it's really a play between these two approaches. I personally
think the surviving intelligent life form on earth is not going to be carbon-based; it's going to be silicon-based. So one of the things I've been doing over the last few years is really compiling data
on things that could either happen within national borders or across national borders, and I've looked at the cross-border component as a percentage of the total. when a random person nominates a friend
of theirs, you move closer to the center of the network. Here's Kallikuppam. And in my own trial in Goa, in India, we again showed that lay counselors drawn from local communities could be trained to deliver
psychosocial interventions for depression, anxiety, leading to 70 percent recovery rates as compared to 50 percent in the comparison primary health centers. Hail to the Gods of America! And since we've already
had so many problems with police use of non-lethal weapons in various ways, I thought it would be a really good idea to look at some of those things and try to relate it to the military context. And I started
to kill my blog slowly. It's very easy to pick up a stainless-steel bottle or a glass bottle, if you're traveling and you've forgotten to bring your stainless-steel bottle and fill that up with water or
filtered water, versus purchasing plastic bottled water. She lands months before the Beatles release "The White Album," months before Martin Luther King was killed. It's a partial differential equation. But
when you take it off -- Around us, there's nothing. And so this is a test that's very much rigged in favor of the car seat, OK? So, that kid in this crash fared very well. First and foremost, I learned about
this new method of change in the world that, for once, showed me, maybe, a way to interact with someone and to give, to share of a resource in a way that wasn't weird and didn't make me feel bad -- So those
Ws there refer to the Ws, and how they stick together. You learn cooking by cooking, having some sympathetic people around you to eat what you cook. Rembrandt is a propagandist in the Christian view. Yes,
I said that with a Q, quadrillion. There is also an omniscient observer who knows everything, who is God, who is in a certain sense outside the universe, because he has no role in anything that happens,
but is in a certain sense everywhere, because space is just the way that God knows where everything is, according to Newton, OK? Now, when your eye moves from eye to eye, if there was something else there
like, a nose, you'd see a nose where an eye is supposed to be, and you'd go, oh shit, you know -- There's something wrong about this person. If my family, though, had been the kind of people to believe
in therapy, they probably would have diagnosed me as something like gender dysmorphic and put me on hormones to stave off puberty. "And I think it must have been a very, very dark day when the Bolsheviks
arrived. So the elements of life -- carbon, and oxygen and iron, all the elements that we need to make us up -- were cooked in those first generations of stars, which then ran out of fuel, exploded, threw
those elements back into the universe. These red dots are American states, and the blue triangles are Canadian provinces. like rationality. You're supposed to be rational in an argument. this is summer, and
you're standing on 200 ft of ice. about being able to support his family. So, every one of them is a little bit different-shaped as you move down the length of the building. And because there's so many of
these cells in the eye, potentially, they could be very high-resolution cameras. The best answer lies in trying to reconstruct a Darwinian evolutionary history of our artistic and aesthetic tastes. There
was a spike, of course, a few years before, but that wasn't actually Queensland. From 1994, for seven years, 20 of these boats made the trip across the Adriatic, from Montenegro to Italy, every single night. What
Einstein did not realize was that, if you took our Sun and you crushed it down to six kilometers -- so you took a million times the mass of the Earth and you crushed it to six kilometers across, you would
make a black hole, an object so dense that if light veered too close, it would never escape -- a dark shadow against the universe. This first one, Internet Zero, up here -- this is a web server that has
the cost and complexity of an RFID tag -- about a dollar -- that can go in every light bulb and doorknob, and this is getting commercialized very quickly. So I'm trying to penetrate that. And business investment
in gear, in equipment and hardware and software is at an all-time high. Redemption, smoke. Edi Rama: Take back your city with paint Food, if you come to the Barefoot College, is solar cooked. Doctor: What
are these things? But during the time that I was photographing this, I lived through a very hard moment in my life, mostly in Rwanda. They squirt them at each other, which is lovely and innocent. Most of
the places I went to, I decided to go there because I've heard about it through the media. Her sister had been diagnosed with breast cancer in her 40s. We're not doing anything to the cells here. So Tom is
playing two roles. So one of the roadblocks we have in moving this agenda forward In the end, if we test everyone by hand in exams, it's kind of hard to get the curricula changed to a point where they can
use computers during the semesters. It's okay to say rainbow. Yeah. Democracies make even more of a mess of these resource booms than autocracies. Of course, it was a minister's family, so we had to add God
into it. I first saw it when I was 19, and I immediately went out and got a poster of it, and in fact I still have that poster. 30 years later it's hanging in my house. Some people thought that the universe
would recollapse in the future. What looks like moss covering rocks is actually a shrub comprised of thousands of branches, each containing clusters of tiny green leaves at the end and so densely packed
together that you could actually stand on top of it. She came to see me after discovering a breast lump. North, you've got China; south, you've India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, And so I decided to walk up to
Mt. Everest, the highest mountain on this earth, and go and do a symbolic swim Now, I don't know if any of you have had the opportunity to go to Mt. Everest, but it's quite an ordeal getting up there. Galvani's
approach of probing the nervous system with electrodes has remained state-of-the-art until today, despite a number of drawbacks. I found a visionary family, the Ansari family, and Champ Car, and raised
part of the money, but not the full 10 million. Yes, great. I see people going down like this. Now, many brilliant economists have spent their entire lives working on this question, and as a field we've
made a tremendous amount of headway and we understand a lot about this. Suddenly, you have the big, strong, central state. Bugger me, they wouldn't give it to me. All it takes is for a supernova to go off
a few light years away, and we'll all be dead! So you can see: here we are in the U.S., and they're all coming up red. CA: You're peeking. You just got to -- this is a request from the lady in the back. That's
why you have the Raspyni Brothers whacking Richard in the genital area. So I want to propose a final definition of compassion -- this is Einstein with Paul Robeson by the way -- and that would be for us
to call compassion a spiritual technology. I just threw this in because as important as all of our intellectual abilities are, without heart and without love it's just -- it's all meaningless. And that,
to me, is really beautiful. Zero is Zero, a little hero of the 21st Century, and Zero can touch so many more people than I possibly could. One final thing -- I've been very disturbed about this for years,
but I think it's particularly important for this audience. We just dismiss it out of our consciousness. Because a word is like an archaeological artifact. Now, the opposite of a snob is your mother. So you
do that lots and lots of times, and you average those numbers. I'm not one of the many researchers around the world who's looking at the effects of pesticides or diseases or habitat loss and poor nutrition
on bees. A lot of people refer to it as the "Man in the Arena" quote. Or Google is quite generous, so he can have one or two years to go. They're very ancient. It goes back as long as there is written history. Then
I underwent cognitive training. Audience: February. Indeed, if we increase the levels of dopamine in normal flies by feeding them cocaine after getting the appropriate DEA license — oh my God -- — we find
indeed that these cocaine-fed flies calm down faster than normal flies do, and that's also reminiscent of ADHD, which is often treated with drugs like Ritalin that act similarly to cocaine. You guys knew
there was a trick, didn't you. Now the challenge is to enable user-generated wisdom. And indeed there are now thousands and thousands of models that people have contributed all over the world as part of
this. And of course, at Ground Zero what else? So as I said, I think bread is a transformational food. So what equations are for physics, complex networks are for the study of complex systems. How do you have
low blood pressure in your skin? What happens to matter if you chop it up very fine? And it's not just technology that we're putting into animals. The Americans, they're rich. Africa,business,development,economics,global
issues,innovation,invention,poverty,third world,women Chapter one is 1949 to 1991, when the Soviet Union broke up, and what we were dealing with, at that point and through those years, was a superpowers'
nuclear arms race. We do like to consume, but every time one of these new tools came along, it turned out we also like to produce and we like to share. I just took their pictures and pasted them. We wanted
to make beautiful things that are going to make the world a better place, and I don't think this kid was even in it long enough to get warm. Before Lifesaver, the best hand filters were only capable of
filtering down to about 200 nanometers. And you're all thinking what your neighbors would think of seeing that. So, to standardize this. This is Xantus Daniel; Purging is basically hyperventilating. So here's
the final piece of this experiment. And I love the idea of something hidden. Now watch out, stay away from them now. art,arts,design,happiness BF: Ten years to perfect, which you're about to see. But one fellow
in particular, a guy named Erik Michaels-Ober, noticed something else, and that's that citizens are shoveling out sidewalks right in front of these things. You're seeing here images of three years, four-year-olds,
and five-year-old children who have been trafficked for commercial sexual exploitation. And this was the text -- "In words as fashion the same rule will hold/ Alike fantastic if too new or old/ Be not the
first by whom the new are tried/ Nor yet the last to lay the old aside." First, everything's marked up 30 to 50 percent from what you'd pay on the street, and second, you don't make a lot of money. You can
find out about places of worship. These were the things that were going through the head of this other young woman -- I failed, I failed, I failed. So when we do listen to each other, it's unbelievably important
for us to really test our listening skills, Results vary, of course. This is pretty typical. The good news is that there are now more than 4,000 places in the sea, around the world, that have some kind of
protection. We'll swap the axis. Here you have child mortality -- that is, survival -- four kids dying there, 200 dying there. Think about meaningful places. You can see it every night along the river banks. A
real airplane that we could finally present. so that you have a nice picture of what the sort of chord, so to speak, of coumarin is. And I can race through these and save a lot of time because Yves and I
obviously didn't compare notes. And he said, "It doesn't get any better than that." Now think about that. You can list what you don't like about them, but then you sweep that aside and focus on what you do. Four
and a half hours on the table and everything was done. She said "Yes, that's former Vice President Al Gore and his wife Tipper." And the man said, "He's come down a long way, hasn't he?" There's been kind
of a series of epiphanies. exploration,science,technology,universe It's not the whole robot yet, we're working on it -- now you can see how it's attaching. What do you think someone has at the end of reading
12 single-spaced pages? Wolfgang Kessling: How to air-condition outdoor spaces So how are we doing on the project? We've got about 25,000 samples collected from indigenous people around the world. Please
welcome Claron McFadden. You also have the mathematical structure, talking about grids, measurements, labels, points, axes, that sort of thing. There is not the slightest prospect of any gain whatsoever. Second
thing is, how about the use? And in fact, to find that different parts of the visual brain are activated as they are hallucinating. Give it a little push -- this becomes a rhombus. It becomes kite-shaped. I've
lost a staff of mine who was murdered while on a rescue. There's a lady over there as well who lost her legs She's going to find out that she gets a pitiful amount of money off our government for looking
after what's happened to her. We could do the same in cancer. It suggests that there's all kinds of other things that motivate us to work or behave in all kinds of ways. And there's a thousand and one articles
out there telling us how to make all these green trade-offs. But it's time to talk. Imagine pre-growing a village -- it takes about seven to 10 years -- and everything is green. we want to create the classroom
of tomorrow. The artist had very cleverly suggested people and clothes and wagons and all sorts of things, and my brain had taken the suggestion. I mean, we're talking about unusual perspectives, In part,
we have the legacy of Freud, who was a pessimist, who said that pursuit of happiness is a doomed quest, is propelled by infantile aspects of the individual that can never be met in reality. Let's have the
other ones, who sat down during the 20, up again. Okay? I want to know about wrongness itself, the idea of wrong. And it's a very dangerous question, because it leads you to the path of fundamentalism and
violence. And they're similar. They have to kind of consciously open their nose. this is a Computer Tomography machine, a CT machine. the richer 20 percent in Tanzania has more HIV than the poorest one. I
was having lunch with him just a few minutes ago, and a Nigerian journalist comes -- and this will only make sense if you've ever watched a James Bond movie -- and a Nigerian journalist comes up to him
and goes, "Aha, we meet again, Mr. Bond!" This whimsical wrap-up of TED2006 -- presented by Einstein, the African grey parrot, and her trainer, Stephanie White -- simply tickles. Watch for the moment when
Einstein has a moment with Al Gore. And I particularly remember a really good speech by Kim Jong Il on how to get teens smoking again. And the last example, guess what the Walker virus does? John Hockenberry:
Why is the creation, the impulse to create Second Life, not a utopian impulse? See, it's outrageous as a conception, but it [unclear]. And, you know, we don't hear those stories enough. So here you can see,
we embedded a lot of electronics that understands all of the mechanical actions and converts it to digital. The wireless telescope was a digital camera I had tucked in my pocket. They were Twittering it. I
can make it larger or smaller, I can change its brass to silver, I could make it a lever. I can change your door, put colors on; I can put windows in. I can change a thousand things about your door, and
in the two seconds you take to open your door, you're going to notice that something has changed. Asking for advice, rather than any possible way that you could just statically organize a map. I need to
understand the mass of the object I'm claiming is a black hole, and what its Schwarzschild radius is. They are really excelling. We then decided to scale it up. And they can lather, rinse, repeat. And before
you know it, you have a general sense of where everything is. But other countries in Europe, notably the Nordic countries, are showing that it's possible to have a kick-ass economy without being a workaholic. The
infrastructure jobs that everybody is talking about creating are those guys -- And they brought this kind of a jeweled parasol, and they put it on the ground. I could regale you with horror stories of ignorance
over decades of experience as a forensic expert of just trying to get science into the courtroom. When people get older, they don't necessarily choose to follow this kind of surgery. There will be wars;
there will be depressions; there will be natural disasters. I want to believe that we can be agnostic about this, that we can rise above all of this. Finally, make sure that you can tell them that you will
make this process as annoying and as painful and as difficult as possible for them. Oh, the bottom of this box has electricity in here, but this doesn't have electricity. But what's even worse is the thing
that managers do most of all, which is call meetings. So, this is the planet that the player evolved on. Things like the buildings, and the vehicles, the architecture, civilizations were all designed by
the player up to this point. Now we rationally know that an economy built on hyper-consumption is a Ponzi scheme. It's a house of cards. And, like all grasses, at a certain point it puts out seeds. And that
was a stroke of absolute genius, because what they did was they harnessed the power of the contract, private power, to deliver public goods. Now, things -- I'm making this sound very easy, this is actually
a lot of work. I call this Thunderwear. Fast-forward to Pennsylvania, where I find myself today. And again, 50 years of good non-invasive stress testing, we're pretty good at recognizing male-pattern disease
with stress tests. So then she'd get another penguin and try this ballet-like sexy display sliding down this iceberg like this. Well I do as I always do. They're the people who make the bullet train. and that
the reference prices for cotton, coffee, cocoa -- products produced mainly in the south -- are actually a reference price, or a price discovered in these organized commodity exchanges in the northern countries. They're
-- every single thing about that fish has been changed. That made an impression on me in the 1930s. And it's been slow to spread. He is interested in how we see as an animal, how we are interested in mimicry
and camouflage. In 1913, we had this ugly battle over the Federal Reserve, when it was created, with vicious, angry arguments over how it would be constituted, and a general agreement that the way it was
constituted was the worst possible compromise, a compromise guaranteed to destroy this valuable thing, this dollar, but then everyone agreeing, okay, so long as we're on the gold standard, it should be
okay. On the emotional side, we have people who've done things like send postcards and Christmas cards back to their family with little messages on them. I don't need music for it. Talking about time in
a moment. There's a piece that I recently developed which was all about that, a moment. And what I do as a creative artist is I develop vocabularies or languages of moving objects. The Raspyni Brothers
juggle and jest One hundred billion strands of magnetic field inside this three-inch disk. There are regulations that it's prohibited to do logging, mining and poaching, specifically. The point of this story
is that trusting too much in the feeling of being on the correct side of anything to what is actually going on in the external world. And I think, you know, that's a great name for boats that think that
they're going to do anything to make a dent in this by dragging a boom between them when there are literally hundreds of thousands of square miles in the Gulf right now with oil at the surface. In this
short, image-packed talk, Marisa Fick-Jordan talks about how a village of traditional Zulu wire weavers built a worldwide market for their dazzling work. It's actually a stand-up product from Switzerland, We
also have designers from around the world that participate. If 10 seconds goes by and they haven't made a deal, they get nothing. Do that real fast part that you did. Yeah, that part. It's about retelling
the story of the poor, and it's about giving ourselves an opportunity to engage that validates their dignity, validates a partnership relationship, not a relationship that's based on the traditional sort
of donor beneficiary weirdness that can happen. There's no question, none, that so-called lifestyle diseases -- diabetes, heart disease, stroke, some cancers -- are diseases that are far more prevalent
here than anywhere in the rest of the world. Cancer may kill you, but when you look at the numbers, arthritis ruins more lives. We'd had 10,000 years of extremely knowledgeable pastoralists bunching and
moving their animals, but they had created the great manmade deserts of the world. And what we saw yesterday was every reaction was fortuitous; What I have only recently come to realize is that beyond the
graphics, sound, game play and emotion it is the power to break down reality that is so fascinating and addictive to me. And to think that the tumor was in the same bone, in the same place in my body as
the accident 38 years earlier -- They're trained to be more restrained in the use of force than the military are. So these three are not perfect -- they're ideas. Let's pretend there's a pandemic. And this
is the second year in a row we have lost over 30 percent of the colonies, or we estimate we've lost 30 percent of the colonies over the winter. We develop more emotional maturity if we play more. I said,
"Oh, yeah, yeah -- absolutely." "Sit," sniff butt. But even in his wildest dreams, Lincoln could never have imagined how far his reputation would reach. You can swallow this completely integrated device. They
weren't mistakes; I saw everything that I would have changed and I was embarrassed by it. and she said, "So, basically, frogs lay eggs and the eggs turn into tadpoles, and tadpoles turn into frogs." And
I said, "Yeah. You know, I'm not really up on my frog reproduction that much. And many, many other robotics projects I want to talk about. It was a worldwide branding campaign. I said, "A message for me?
From God?" And they said, "Yes." There's nothing worse than, you know, getting up there and the cape is bunching up or something like that. Every problem that's out there, somebody has the idea for. nonetheless. And
so this is very exciting news. And watch again, right there -- successful. I think it's time that the educationists made their own specs, and I have such a set of specs. This is a brief look at that. it was
none other than the equation that scientists had long known to describe the electromagnetic force. Amazing -- it just popped out. But if you present it along with another randomly chosen word, bad things
can happen. What do you think? We have perception, computation and non-visual interfaces. Imagine how you feel when you see somebody on street who is begging and you're about to approach them. Special Operations
Command down at Tampa. So I was born on the last day of the last year of the '70s. And within that context, we can offer the kids time -- And here we go. It took a little time for them to get independent. And
in America, a lot of what we eat has led to obesity and has led to a real change in sort of what our diet is in the last 30 years. Many of you, all of you maybe, will at some point, or have already, faced
a diagnosis of cancer, or heart disease, or some organ dysfunction that's going to buy you a date with a surgeon. Let's hear what Jeff Han has to say about this newfangled technology. To find this out, I
looked at three things: I looked at the topic that you should choose, I looked at how you should deliver it and the visuals onstage. And then, finally, that leads to a new orientation in life where we live
equally for ourselves and for others and we are joyful and happy. And we're going to fly around, and we'll fly around, and you'll see occasionally a couple of filaments intersect, and you get a large cluster
of galaxies. Well, if you try to tile it, it doesn't work too well, does it. When we first arrived, I went to have a quick look. It's good for your health. It's good for your productivity. Moral skill is chipped
away by an over-reliance on rules that deprives us of the opportunity to improvise and learn from our improvisations. No, well, I don't know, it's very familiar to me. You don't need a model. I have here
a model of the sky that corresponds to the real sky. Okay? Well, she and I went blackberry picking. United States and United Kingdom was richer over there. Now, talk of a divided place -- the country was
cut in two. So here, the robot is not only solving the problem, how to go from point A to point B in this map, but it's figuring out what the best point B is at every time. And in that process that's going
to morph from being just for diseases, to being for lesser vulnerabilities, like risk of manic depression or something, to picking personalities, temperaments, traits, these sorts of things. Child: Yeah. I've
been talking today about latent information, all this information that exists in the system that we're not putting to use. I found this to be true, both on the individual level and at a corporate level. We
are 12 billion light years from the edge. And actually that's probably the difference between cosmetic surgery and this kind of surgery. I don't just mean a logical defect. I mean a bad explanation. that
new digital technologies are bringing can help humanitarian organizations, not only ensure that people's right to information is met, or that they have their right to communicate, but I think in the future,
humanitarian organizations will also have to anticipate the right for people to access in order to ensure that their voices are heard, that they're truly participating, that they're truly empowered in
the humanitarian world. and they ossify and calcify, and they become real. In 1962, Charles Van Doren, who was later a senior editor of Britannica, said the ideal encyclopedia should be radical -- it should
stop being safe. Fortunately, her lump proved to be benign. And the daughter doesn't want to say anything. So we went back to the city and said we're not particularly interested in the upgrade of this as
a VIP platform, but we've spent some time down there. Unbelievable. This is like crazy. You don't want to hear "oops" in real surgery. We've created systems, which systematically privilege, encourage, one
narrow quadrant of the human soul and left the others unregarded. Usman Riaz is a 21-year-old whiz at the percussive guitar, a style he learned to play by watching his heroes on YouTube. The TED Fellow
plays onstage at TEDGlobal 2012 -- followed by a jawdropping solo from the master of percussive guitar, Preston Reed. And watch these two guitarists take on a very spur-of-the-moment improv. So we started
the Barefoot College, and we redefined professionalism. We use this word "happy," and it's this very large umbrella of a term. What you're looking at is a signature of bacterial communities in the outdoor
air, and how they vary over time. Google is one of our big partners here. I'd like to convince you that the universe has a soundtrack and that soundtrack is played on space itself, for some reason. Dan Meyer:
Math class needs a makeover And I think the implications here are profound, whether it's for science, for commerce, for government, or perhaps most of all, for us as individuals. Second, these are enemies
who may want to strike and hurt us again. These are just remarkable, remarkable changes in the outlook for some of the biggest killers. So wherever you look, the message, it seems to me, is the same: that
less is very often more, that slower is very often better. But that said, of course, it's not that easy to slow down, is it? It doesn't know life." Like this character. Remember these guys? And so the real
point, of course, is to say, do we want to spend a lot of money helping a little, 100 years from now, a fairly rich Dutch guy? Moving along to a project that we finished about a year ago. and would decrease
the cost of medicine for everyone. Part two of the solutions: we need to figure out how to blow up an asteroid, or alter its trajectory. Now, a year ago, we did an amazing thing. So, what do they do? It does
not have to be imposed from the top downwards. So that suggests that somewhere in these genes, somewhere in the DNA, are genes for aging, genes that allow them to have different lifespans. After him followed
the post-modern counter-revolution, The director, standing behind the set of shelves, is going to direct you to move objects around, but remember, he's not going to ask you to move objects They make you
pay more in withholding just to help their cash flow out. Come here. Come here. Come here. which is all good. I have another experience: In my writing class, I give students a special assignment. And he was
such an extraordinary man. I was here, planting my chunks, cutting up potatoes and planting it, and the bees were working on this tree; bumblebees, just making this thing vibrate. So Tony Shea does not run
a shoe store. Coffee both causes and prevents cancer. He tried to kill himself in grade 10 when a kid who could still go home to Mom and Dad had the audacity to tell him, "Get over it." That brings up questions
of privacy and insurability and all kinds of stuff, but it also allows us to start going after diseases, because if you run a person who has leukemia through something like this, it turns out that three
diseases with completely similar clinical syndromes are completely different diseases. And what we'd really thought we'd done is like we'd actually introduced something that, at least for the monkeys and
us, works like a real financial currency. Maybe they're smiling, and they want to talk to you about what they've done. You were totally and completely in touch with your inner superhero. True on the Web --
also true in Second Life. but it was very natural for me, because I was not dextrous, and hated all sports. Another quick protocol -- and I'm going to go through these quickly, but just to give you the material
sense of what we're doing here -- instead of asking you for urine samples, I'll ask you for a mouse sample. One day, I bought a yo-yo. In solids, atoms are stuck together, they can't move. First of all, who
are they? [What] do they look like? So I made a lot of work in the '90s. So it's a sort of imagination of the simple world of the beach animal. Calculus is also a mathematics of curves. Powered by fossil fuel-derived
energy. These red dots, these red areas, basically provide the food and livelihood for more than half a billion people. And just recently, we've begun to work with those men who are segregated in what we
call Supermax facilities. And I want to tell you a great story. When Agnes first started fighting to stop female genital mutilation in her community, she had become an outcast, and she was exiled and she
was slandered, and the whole community turned against her. She wasn't unhappy about this. She was resigned. than there is behind us. And yet, I would like to think that I am more than my genes. Rebecca Saxe
: This is the first pirate. His name is Ivan. And it was just lightning fast; the way she was working was almost unbelievable. Some people have a better musical ability and ability to appreciate music than
others have. And you know, I don't say that I do everything well, I just say that I do a lot of things, that's all. We're so dependent on this that I have now gotten to the point where I don't even try to
remember things -- I'll just Google it. It's easier to do that. and you can visit them. You can walk around them. There are no Neanderthal fossils that are older than 40 years old that we've ever found,
and the average age of most of these hunter-gatherer tribes is 20 to 30. When you're having a four-inch needle inserted into your spine -- which was the procedure that this device's data was about; it was
for pain management -- you're shit scared; you're freaking out. It's the same plot. In 2007 and 2009 I did stories on the Delhi Fire Service, the DFS, which, during the summer, is probably the world's most
active fire department. So there's a certain performance level that the computer would need to get to. Scenes of forest destruction, forest harvesting and forest fragmentation, thereby making that intact
tapestry of the canopy unable to function in the marvelous ways that it has when it is not disturbed by humans. So, I will tell you right off of the bat. Imagine I give you a choice. Do you want to go for
a weekend to Rome? Their involvement reduces the cost. And we all want to believe in President Obama. So, when we look at the pattern, one thing comes out very clearly: you see the blue bubbles and people
say HIV is very high in Africa. They were both big fans, mother and daughter -- very unusual. So there's some tension here between trying to get the most money but trying to goad the other player into giving
you more. I don't know where inspiration comes from. All my senses are alert and alive in much the same way as an infant might feel -- that feeling of oneness. It undercuts self-righteousness, radically alters
the tone and character of controversy, and enriches dramatically the possibilities for finding common ground. And as I was laughing, I was thinking, I really need a more coherent response, especially on
national TV. I'd better write something about this. He said, "You know those guys who really believe in what they believe in and so they wear bombs?" So for the few of us that were there in a professional
capacity, this extraordinary volunteer response to this animal crisis was profoundly moving and awe-inspiring. Throughout this whole thing, making toys, I think there is a real correlation with innovation
and art and science. where it's actually their ability to push our social buttons and to interact with us like a partner that is a core part of their functionality. CA: We've evolved to get all excited about
these dramatic attacks. Is that because in the past, in the ancient past, we just didn't understand things like disease and systems that cause poverty and so forth, and so it made no sense for us as a
species to put any energy into worrying about those things? I assure you, it is very true. These days, those phones in our pockets are changing our minds and hearts because they offer us three gratifying
fantasies. I mean, that's interesting. One could extend this sort of statistical analysis to cover all Mr. Haring's various works, in order to establish in which period the artist favored pale green circles
or pink squares. And think of things in your life that are binary, So in order to do that, I founded a charter called Gua Africa, disability,global issues,poverty,prosthetics,storytelling,war,work So, Einstein
would like this. Rituals are terribly important. This is the Billy bookcase -- it's IKEA's biggest selling product. You're going to find some interesting analogies in this physiology. So, give me five years. When
I was a little girl, my grandfather gave me his little silver pocket watch. Are we now, if we engineer organisms, are we playing God? The blue band is the 50th percentile. Steven is the 75th percentile,
that he has non-genetic ALS. And then you have these millions of street lamps deployed around the world. You didn't really want to jump, but you want out. And, as you can imagine, if you can picture this:
I was born in a very small village in Mexico, in, unfortunately, very poor surroundings, and my parents did not have a college education. Look at what he is doing. We call this the Global Village Construction
Set. This is a time-lapse image of that exact same data, but I've color-coded it by type, so you can see the diversity of aircraft that are in the skies above us. Same concept, but looking at communication
dynamics in a very different sphere. Currently, 20 percent of California's energy consumption is used to pump water into mostly Southern California. And the cool thing about fluorescence is that it's not
only bright, it actually can shine through tissue. Partly, they're pumping money in because commodity prices are high, but it's not just that. There's also a range of new discoveries. Here is a very good
example. Take Jackson Pollock, for example. This is Nepal. I went through 10 Afghan provinces very rapidly. It's bamboo. So here's exhibit number one. Even the hunter-gatherers used some elementary tools. That
was an amazing thing. What are the things that they all do? OK, we got him. Now we get a meal. The next slide I'm about to show you, is a little more serious. I was the better at improvisation, You were the
better at spinning the plates; I was the better at procrastination, You were the better at quiet debate. And if you look at cultures around the world, all you have to do is understand the mythology and
you will see how they behave and how they do business. Right. So, that's how the device is used. Gather my beloved near, and our chanting will be dancing. Scientists think now our magnetic field may be diminished
by about five percent. And murder suspects have been tracked using their clothing, certainly in the U.K., to within an area that's small enough that you can send in tracker dogs to find the murder victim. Now
this figure is actually based on a brand new paper that's going to come out in the journal PLoS Biology. They get a car, and they go to work. So you can have these really nice things that can't happen, and
it's a kind of "Wow!" and I want to say "Wow!" type of thing that's happening here, because individuals, if you're a company, what happens is you might have 10 people who are in charge of innovation, or
100 people who are in charge of innovation. And the thing about states like Arkansas and Tennessee is that they're both very rural, and they are educationally impoverished. The sun has been shining for four
and a half billion years, but it'll be another six billion years before its fuel runs out. I put the question -- three or four weeks ago, we saw in the newspapers millions of fish that die in Norway. We're
doing changing media. And we made this small movie that I'd like to show. And you'd have to start a new category, right between cell phones and chocolate. A student said, "This class felt like sitting in
a bar with a really smart friend who's explaining something you haven't grasped, but are about to." I don't understand a thing about it now, but I could do it as a kid. using focused ultrasound to ablate
a point in his thalamus. We probably wouldn't have looked at the data at all, and if we did look at the data, we'd probably have said, "Fantastic! What a smart guy who is performing this low," because he
would have pulled the mean of the group lower, giving us even stronger statistical results than we could. I call it the golden circle. These are these arrays. These spheres are all suspended, so I'd like
to just say that what the world needs now is a sense of being able to look at ourselves in this much larger condition now and a much larger sense of what home is. It took place, once, in 326 B.C. Everybody
else at the table said, "Folks, that doesn't cut it. Another machine pumps water for irrigation. Well, that's a good question. And you know, when you go to a global consulting firm, they put a chip in your
head, and you're like, "I love Accenture. I love Accenture. I love my job. I love Accenture. Yet they do that. his computer had crashed, and he told the technician he couldn't restart it no matter how many
times he typed 11. Sometimes instead of Control-Z, we actually have zero control. Down at the very base of it, there's fiber optics that work better than ours, actually, to move light, We have the high income
countries here, with the United States as a leading power; The ability to make and test models has become essential, not only to every single area of science today, but also to modern society itself. So
I was in Dharamsala meeting these people, and I'd spent about five weeks there, and I was hearing these similar stories of these refugees that had poured out of Tibet into Dharamsala. So people say, "What's
going to happen when Moore's Law comes to an end?" Which will happen around 2020. It's changed the way we talk. I was talking to a pediatrician friend in North Carolina. He said, "Well you know, I don't
deal with patients the same way anymore. There's language gaps, there's ethnicity and racial gaps, there's age gaps, there's gender gaps, there's sexuality gaps, there's wealth and money gaps, there's education
gaps, there's also religious gaps. There's a straight line, and there is an infinite number of lines that go through the point and never meet the original line. Ed Ulbrich: How Benjamin Button got his face And
then it also provides them, in the off-season, the ability to actually rent out their space for entirely different things. And two weeks after this drawing was done, we actually had our first project contract,
at AeroVironment, on robotic cockroaches, which was very frightening to me. If you know how to send a text message, you can get the same information for free. The other thing is, you know, it would be even
better if you didn't have to draw the blood. We can't stop economic growth. Imagine trying to make friends covered with razor-sharp poisonous barbs. This is the first stunt woman, Rosie Venger, an amazing
woman. Stewart Brand on the Long Now This is an Oxford-trained economist steeped in humanistic values, and yet he agrees with the high-pressure tactics of Shanghai. bio-mimetic approaches to design that take
advantage of the efficiencies of natural models in both vehicles and buildings; distributed computing projects that will help us model the future of the climate. Well he also saw that when health care turns
to medical care because of a more serious disease, the key thing that holds us back is access to information. This elaborate circuit made out of thousands of different kinds of cell is being bathed in a
substance. I walked away from a job with one of the top firms in D.C., Covington and Burling, six figures. I would love to share with you a story. In this Hubble image, we see two galaxies. And the first is
that the change that has to take place has to take place here, inside me. Imaginative play. He said, "For whatever reason, the surgeon simply felt that he was on the correct side of the patient." And that
successes are being chalked up on this very important fight. And now, if you went into one of those conventions and you said, "Well, I don't think black holes are out there," they'd hoot you off the stage. And
here is the real deal. Here's what I believe. I think that our culture is so intensely focused on verbal information that we're almost blinded to the value of doodling. I would see Africans in the same
way that I, as a child, had seen Fide's family. The way they heat their homes in Korea is to put bricks under the floors, so the heat actually radiates from underneath the floor. It's either going to breathe
or it's going to cool off, but it ain't doing both -- we can. Somebody up there is issuing the commandment, "Thou shalt not believe in the aquatic theory. Then I have been walking East for 20 years -- from
Eastern Europe to Central Asia -- through the Caucasus Mountains, Middle East, North Africa, Russia. And then finally, you're asking for my money, not just because it's my money, but because it's me. KB:
Oh, no, no, no. He asked me could he do the left hand. Absolutely not. Of course, the first computer was built just after World War II to solve military problems, but things got really interesting just
a couple of years later -- 1949 with Whirlwind, built at MIT's Lincoln Lab. Jay Forrester was building this for the Navy, but you can't help but see that the creator of this machine had in mind a machine
that might actually be a potential media star. So massive, in fact, that it can contain all the other military budgets in the world inside itself. Nature uses self-organizing systems. All this to tell you
that if my father became a forger, actually, it was almost by accident. Without the sex part. Most definitely you don't want to pay the bribe. I think the big problem is that we're not smart enough to understand
which of the problems we're facing are good enough. They could sell these things for anything between $5,000 a kilo. Since we opened the website in February, we now have 640,000 students from 190 countries. So
I marveled for a moment, and then decided it was time to release him, so I put him down. For example, Mozart, "Queen of the Night," looks like this. That's perfectly clear. So, men read that sentence, and
they look at that sentence, and they read this. We're exploring the limits of what we all can do to make a better world with open hardware technology. What happens to them is that they may have suffered
cancer or trauma. These women are descendants of Polynesian navigators, trained in the old ways by their elders, and now they're passing it on to me. That's certainly one of the things we need to do. Meanwhile,
these guys are sitting back, collecting all sorts of data about our behavior and how we interact with the service. I think that's why this is called a head-mounted projector, isn't it? MacArthur grant,bacteria,biology,communication,disease,evolution,health,human
origins,microbiology,science,technology My fate and the fate of the world around me lie inside my hands. He's like an underwater Spiderman. So we were trying to think, how could we make a whole thing emanate. Well,
not quite. Because Darwin was talking about our distant ancestry, our common ancestry with apes. They gave them their name. I would say, HIV is very different in Africa. But in the mean time, perhaps you're
wondering, who is this game designer to be talking to us about deathbed regrets? "Not only is she aware of her physical repulsiveness, she turns it to her advantage. And before you say it's a Norman Foster
design, we designed this in '83. And police said that it happened because he was playing hide and seek, which is "elude the cat" in Chinese slang, with other inmates and hit his head against the wall, But,
I wanted to get up and show you that we can do it if we're more responsible. So you see up there one such object. But anyway, for some reason, I promised myself that I wasn't going to move, that I was going
to do this thing that Mummy wanted me to do. The problem with that view is like asking all the winners of lotteries, "Have you won the lottery?" And I always tell people that I don't want to show up looking
like a scientist. And that's what I came up with. So, it's been a long route to get here: 15 years from the beginning. And he is crying and he's yelling to my trainer who's trying to help me. So with my trusty
little steed, my Nokia 6234 cell phone -- I didn't have a laptop, I didn't have Internet much, except for the 20-rand-an-hour Internet cafe — I did research on Wikipedia, on Google, about lotions, creams,
the compositions, the melting points, the toxicities -- I did high school science -- and I wrote down a little formula on a piece of paper, and it looked like the KFC special spice, you know? How does the
Sun reach out across empty inert space and exert influence? So because of this, we could deal with the problem simply by stopping reducing emissions, and just as the concentrations go up, we can increase
the amount of geo-engineering. Here's some advice from one of the largest investors in the United States. The first: Cut. And as we kept on working on this data, looking at small clusters of the body, these
little pieces of tissue that were a trophoblast coming off of a blastocyst, all of a sudden burrowing itself into the side of the uterus, saying, "I'm here to stay." and it was done as a collaborative project
with the Rubin Museum of Himalayan Art for an exhibit on comparative cosmology. Here's an example of how this can be powerful. Don't you have color in France?" And I was able to return to college because
of the senior citizens who invested in me, and also the guide dog and skill set I had gained. But it's believed that the oldest living Redwoods are perhaps 2,500 years old -- roughly the age of the Parthenon
-- although it's also suspected that there may be individual trees that are older than that. The emergency generators did not start. There was not a flashlight, not a lantern, not a candle -- "Can you even
see?" And those heroes did not need an army behind them. And this turns out to be one of our most important defense mechanisms against cancer. This is a monster truck show. That's basically the difference. 12
of them refused. Did you know that? It's packaged up and bundled up. And so he filled the room, and we had an extraordinary conversation. and then you start to use more energy. Or worse, you let it run until
it's warm to rinse out your towel. And the mantra was: shoot first; ask questions later. And to show that, you can put on the way of United Arab Emirate. Okay? But we were just getting started, the kids loved
the technology, so we called up George and we said, "We gotta learn more!" There will be stronger storms and greater flooding. Who would have thought that a mass retailer And it's a very effective way of
ending your hate mail: "Love Markham, Aged 4." Still works. And we did the exact same thing as before. "What are we going to do?" "I don't know." The poorest congressional district in America, the most migratory
community in America, we can do this. This is her first time to try to drive a golf cart. at the national level was that diagnostic and therapeutic strategies, which had been developed in men, by men, for
men for the last 50 years -- and they work pretty well in men, don't they? -- weren't working so well for women. Amongst all these other people who don't have the disease, the test will get it right 99
percent of the time. Most of you will be happy to know that the rest of the presentation's free, and some of you'll be happy to know that it involves beer. This is the clonal Creosote bush, which is around
12,000 years old. They're actually singing these densities to you with higher pitches mapped to higher densities. And when you drive, these signs are very important. So when we look at what technology can
do to general knowledge workers, I start to think there might not be something so special about this idea of a generalist, particularly when we start doing things like hooking Siri up to Watson and having
technologies that can understand what we're saying and repeat speech back to us. And does nuclear really compete with coal? And as you can see, Africa has a disproportionate share of the infection. My interest
in acting, especially bad acting, goes a long way. That is to say, it creates people who only do things for incentives. We as diplomats need to know the social capital of communities. And we got to talking,
and it turned out to be a great partnership because he'd never coached a disabled athlete, so therefore he had no preconceived notions of what I was or wasn't capable of, and I'd never been coached before. It
all collapsed in the 80s and the 90s: But after the interview, I got a call, very gruff voice, from a woman. An Alvin Ailey poster of Judith Jamison performing the dance "Cry," dedicated to all black women
everywhere. A Bundu statue, which was from the Women's Society in Sierra Leone, and a certificate for the Chicago Public School students to work to improve their science and math, and folks asked me, "Why
did you take up what you took up?" Over time we got a little bit better at it, and we came up with this really sophisticated-looking rig with four scuba tanks and five regulators and all the right gas mixtures
and all that good stuff. One, we battered down the doors of the insurance companies, and we actually got TEMPT a machine that let him communicate -- a Stephen Hawking machine. Do you know what I mean? The
wireless institute, the West Wireless Health Institute, is really the outgrowth of two extraordinary people who are here this evening: Gary and Mary West. And I'd like to give it up for them for getting
behind this. So, I did a number of things. I asked people a number of set questions, and took a number of set photographs, and interviewed them with audio, and also took pictures. And in a way, one aspect
of this conversation was triggered on New Year's Eve, when I was talking about the Olympic agenda in China in terms of its green ambitions and aspirations. We have a system of justice in this country that
treats you much better if you're rich and guilty than if you're poor and innocent. So I believe that my main interest is to memory. And that's what I want to talk about today. And for 13 years I kept clear
of it. I wanted to be an English literature professor. As Sutherland told me, we got to that article, and said, "That's it." and so you can go out there and find a lot of stuff. What is going to be the future
of learning? But I really hope that you will all think of ways that you can look long term at things like the food system and make change. Because this is what I do. This is what I teach. The Library of Congress,
if you did the whole darn thing -- 26 million books -- is about 750 million dollars, right? At TEDxUSC, Jane Poynter tells her story of living two years and 20 minutes in Biosphere 2 -- an experience that
provoked her to explore how we might sustain life in the harshest of environments. And, as Chris says, there is a hunger for videos of me. And they did this by painstaking observations of numerous distant
galaxies, allowing them to chart how the expansion rate has changed over time. I'm going to give you four specific examples -- and I'm going to cover at the end -- about how a company called Silk tripled
their sales by doing one thing, Nature's main process of creation, morphogenesis, is the splitting of one cell into two cells. At 24, my death would have been entirely expected. a space that we have never
entered except in our minds and our spirits. RB: So it's expressing its emotion through its face and the prosody in its voice. We know that if you stimulate the temporal lobe, you can produce a feeling of
out-of-body experiences, near-death experiences, which you can do by just touching an electrode to the temporal lobe there. Can you tell me where has it been taken from, and what is it meant for? Anybody? He
stood on moral ground and refused to pay bribes. And he said that every day this six-year-old, dressed in her beautiful dress, would walk with real grace through a phalanx of white people screaming angrily,
calling her a monster, threatening to poison her -- And every day he would watch her, and it looked like she was talking to the people. And when we do, one of the things that can happen is that we sacrifice
conversation for mere connection. You can't just walk up and say, you know, "Hi, I'm a really good guy, and a good girl, and you should really invest in me." Right? So, in a way, the question is: on what
grounds am I upbeat at all about history? And the answer is, first of all, on balance I would say people have played their games to more win-win outcomes than lose-lose outcomes. On balance, I think history
is a net positive in the non-zero-sum game department. Let's go for it, And so in the second flight, we were able to get three minutes of fully aerodynamic control of the vehicle before we lost it. And we
want an explanation from God. It's more curiosity. So we had very strong leadership, very good vision and a lot of science, a lot of lawyers involved. And it showed that, in fact, today, the human pattern
recognition machinery is better at folding proteins than the best computers. No I don't. I'm totally self-supporting out there. It's long and it's complicated. "Solar Manifesto" by Hermann Scheer, in Germany,
claims all energy on Earth can be derived, for every country, from solar energy and water, and so on. And then, that energy is sort of spreading throughout his thought areas. Once the animal knows click,
food, click, food, click, food -- so click is food -- we bring it in a cage with a hole, and actually the animal learns to stick the nose in the hole under which a target scent is placed, and to do that
for five seconds -- five seconds, which is long for a rat. XML are the nubs on the Lego that allow us to combine the content together in myriad different ways, and it provides us a framework to share content. And
we're learning a tremendous amount about what we believe this segment needs to be able to be effective. Jay Walker: How many people are trying to learn English worldwide? But we need to know how to do it. You
can see it by looking at my head. But this has a huge, huge impact on the environment. They are over 2,000 years old. But overthrowing a government is one thing and building a stable democracy is a bit more
complicated. Chris Anderson: One -- one to two. because everyone's doing it. I thought I was going to go crazy at the end of this year. And the objects which were used as examples, when I was a child and a
student, as examples of the break between mathematics and visible reality -- those objects, I turned them completely around. I used them for describing some of the aspects of the complexity of nature. But
once they're applied to numeric structure, then you can feel more comfortable. And finally, what I think you will see is the intelligent, closed organizations moving increasingly in the open direction. Richard
Branson's life at 30,000 feet And so all our schools are English medium schools. With all its bells and whistles, one of those robots will cost you about as much as a solid gold surgeon. So we set out to
identify the cells in the fly's brain that played the role of the Critic. I'm a cancer doctor, and I walked out of my office and walked by the pharmacy in the hospital three or four years ago, and this
was the cover of Fortune magazine sitting in the window of the pharmacy. And already Norway has contributed a billion dollars each towards Indonesia and Brazil to implement this Red Plus scheme. Also is
the knowledge that right now we spend about in the first 25 years of our lives learning, The Indian cleverness was using its traditional knowledge, however, scientifically validating it and making that
journey from men to mice to men, not molecule to mice to men, you know. But for me, so is immigration. In fact, I now call the underwater wheelchair "Portal," because it's literally pushed me through into
a new way of being, into new dimensions and into a new level of consciousness. I see; it's an island." These people over there will do everything they can to stop these kinds of organizations succeeding,
because they're threatened by them. Or are we going to try and take it and press it into service for society at large? And then it's my box. I've described a quest that begins in the world of the very small,
and propels us to the world of the far future. We call this crustal magnetism. But, you know, even beyond that, if you think about the logic underlying it, is something I call iPod liberalism, where we assume
that every single Iranian or Chinese who happens to have and love his iPod will also love liberal democracy. We have to get to this. Another way of thinking about it is instead of thinking of babies and
children as being like defective grownups, we should think about them as being a different developmental stage of the same species -- kind of like caterpillars and butterflies -- except that they're actually
the brilliant butterflies who are flitting around the garden and exploring, I can show this to you later. By 1980, it had been subdivided into a big mall on one side and the office park on the other You get
the golf balls, and you just throw them in your bathing suit trunks and when you're done you've got a couple hundred of them. A second skill is equal poise, So I thought of a minimally invasive approach, This
is how the "Vagina Monologues" begins. So here's one way to think about it, which is that we just do this instead of cutting emissions because it's cheaper. That's true no matter what thing you're talking
about. You could watch the videos any time you wanted during the week, but at the end of the week, you had to get the homework done. And on day four, we decided to just do a quick five minute test swim. So
here is to your continued success. That is the big question. But let me show you cutting-edge robotics. I had to make lists of reasons to stay alive. That's why we must have that long-term perspective, but
we must measure the impact over 10-year periods. Well, I think we've found its secret: Our ability to imagine makes us inventors and creators and unique. Do people have grid cells? I'm joking. And she looked
into her baby's eyes and she said, "Of course I love my baby. How could I not love my baby? In 1992, his paper was rejected for the Hypertext Conference. In 1993, there was a table at the conference in
Seattle, and a guy called Marc Andreessen was demonstrating his little browser for the World Wide Web. Can you please give me your newspaper for the next nine months, because I have elections -- there are
elections coming up in nine months. I need to go talk to the man on the street, the people who are like me, the regular Joes. They still go up in the short run. So, in some sense, a lot of marketing is about
convincing a CEO, "This is a good ad campaign." Or you can pull them up where you want them. They are a kind of social capital. We have had walks every year -- every March, April. This is a picture of the
spinnerets coming out of a spider and the silk being formed from a spider. Isn't that beautiful? I can't do the whole thing because it would take too long, it really would. Let's go and try and talk to the
headmistress. Just enough repetition. This strange and awesome sight was like walking into ancient Egypt or Dante's Inferno. They don't really notice the new medium that is wrapping them up. I mean, that's,
at least, how it made me happy. Here's a really short text. So, within six months Europe became the epicenter of the money-laundering activities of the world. For example, we can look at a DNA molecule model
here. Was it yellow initially or blue? Which was a very good thing, providing low cost clothing. Remember the Shakers? Gift to be simple? rather than always having to battle evolution as a problem that stymies
our efforts to control the pathogen, for example with anti-malarial drugs. And the people thought for themselves, "Maybe we should live with this kind of authoritarian situation that we find ourselves in,
instead of having the second scenario." So this small missing chunk here is puzzling. And then they always land in the sort of superman skydiving posture. You'll notice that a lot of comets are named after
people you never heard of, amateur astronomers? That's because nobody's looking for them, except amateurs. What we literally do is have the teams draw out the entire strategic plan on one giant wall. But
I hadn't asked that, and then she went off on a tear, and she said, "Oh, well, there was that one time that I was an actress. In this image-filled talk, Yann Arthus-Bertrand displays his three most recent
projects on humanity and our habitat -- stunning aerial photographs in his series "The Earth From Above," personal interviews from around the globe featured in his web project "6 billion Others," and his
soon-to-be-released movie, "Home," which documents human impact on the environment through breathtaking video. And then someone asked me, just before my TEDTalk, a few days ago, "So where is the hope?" But
in the last two decades, it has experienced an unprecedented expansion, I'm going to show you what happens when you put a quarter on the machine. I've tried this in many, many schools. if it were winter someone
would have closed it -- leans into the window, farther, still smiling, farther and farther, though it takes less time than this, really an instant, and lets herself fall. Maxwell's equations are of course
symmetrical under rotations of all of space. And this is wool over here. But you don't do this." And for the last 20 months everything was fine. So, an interpreter of what? Of a piece of music, right? It will
occur without adding any more greenhouse gasses. People don't know that they have lived through worse, that problems of the heart hit with a force greater than a runaway truck, that problems of the mind
are greater still, more injurious, than a hundred broken necks. We can begin to see the underlying narratives that propel us forward and tell us about what's going on. Because we'd been held up in Russia,
of course, the full moon brings the highest and lowest tides; when you're standing on the frozen surface of the sea, high and low tides generally mean that interesting things are going to happen -- the
ice is going to start moving around a bit. By the way, these are my kids, which, of course, are wonderful and so on. This is the breakdown product of the bedrock, that organisms are busy munching their way
through. I asked her how she did this. Was it the power of praying? They also have a feature: thickets of huckleberry bushes that grow out of the tops of Redwood trees that are technically known as huckleberry
afros, Basically the way this works is you start with an old book. Now, it turns out we only kill the female mosquitoes. They also stop passing on the virus. So we should do everything we can, we should do
everything we can to pursue it. Let me show you what it looks like. Equally startling, from my point of view, is the fact that no one was drawing any connections between what is happening to the body politic,
and what is happening in our leading educational institutions. The limitation was that they didn't have any money. But Brenda, not being phased by stuff like that, took a look at her challenge and came up
with a not-so-obvious solution: create a business that produces skin care products from honey. And here, if we look at a detail of the way that the building opens up and breathes into those atria, the way
in which now, with a computer, we can model the forces, we can see the high pressure, the low pressure, the way in which the building behaves rather like an aircraft wing. And economists have actually started
worrying about that. You know, from physics to medicine, in particular, epidemiology and also mathematical modeling. He's demanding to meet the architect. Could you come down and meet him in Tel Aviv?" I
believe this is a Farsi word for "immortal." In the eyes of many people, after the animals are seized, they say, "Yay, justice has been served. This is one very large crater. Geologists love craters, because
craters are like digging a big hole in the ground without really working at it, and you can see what's below the surface. And finally, because I was well known in Connecticut, they decided they better have
a meeting of the senior staff. And the problem with that is that people freak out. But it's also worth noting that cells also mediate our experience of life. Africa,education,global issues,philanthropy,technology We
misuse language, and talk about the "ascent" of man. Technology has a role to play. Religion has gone from a belief in faith and mystery to certainty. They look at the same world and they say... And then suddenly,
I obviously knew at this point, there was a chance. But it was an exciting experience. And what you see here is a couple of phone numbers written above the shack in rural Uganda. But how simple? we should
do it morally, And, up there, you see Uganda. I hope it will inspire other African nations to embrace the technology, look at the Nigerian model, make their films, create jobs, create a narrative for the
population, something to identify, something positive, something that really is psychological relief and it's part of the culture. you see the Jordanian Mountains on the one hand and the Jordan Valley on
the other hand, and a good, mild winter and a nice, hot summer, which is an excellent condition to mass-produce those creatures. Imagine hearing great, departed pianists play again today, just as they would
in person. John Q. Walker demonstrates how recordings can be analyzed for precise keystrokes and pedal motions, then played back on computer-controlled grand pianos. That makes me bow down to any woman
in front of me to give full respect. That five days I'll never forget -- the messy days, the lousy days, that wetness. 70 percent reduction in violence -- in what everyone said was completely impossible
and you couldn't do. And you can put it on top of any image. So in this dilemma about reconciling these two sets of fundamental needs, there are a few things that I've come to understand erotic couples do. And
it didn't affect me as much. So Homo sapiens, the first technology-creating species, the species that combined a cognitive function with an opposable appendage -- and by the way, chimpanzees don't really
have a very good opposable thumb -- so we could actually manipulate our environment with a power grip and fine motor coordination, and use our mental models to actually change the world and bring on technology. But,
it's much more than that. And the line of argument, if you ask parents, is, "But car seats are so expensive and complicated, and they have this big tangle of latches, how could they possibly not work better
than seatbelts because they are so expensive and complicated?" That's the kind of specificity you need. At the Taste3 conference, chef Dan Barber tells the story of a small farm in Spain that has found a
humane way to produce foie gras. Raising his geese in a natural environment, farmer Eduardo Sousa embodies the kind of food production Barber believes in. So the water goes up. He turns it back down. Great. Time
for some thermodynamics. It's kind of stressful typing out, so if you type on this keyboard, you can, like, balance it out. There's been no doubt around my colleagues about the utility of the training I
received here, and I think there's been an increased interest now in -- particularly in echocardiography and its use in our setting. But imagine that screen having lots of objects on it Advise me -- when
this kid acted up, how should I have dealt with that?" And they could all sit and work together on those problems. He screeched that he would block the financing. TK: Okay, this was my goal. This is Europa. When
I was a student here in Oxford in the 1970s, the future of the world was bleak. This is also, I think, confirmed by the fact that the seclusion of women in creating a divided society is something that you
also do not find in the Koran, the very core of Islam -- the divine core of Islam that all Muslims, and equally myself, believe. Biomimicry is a new discipline that tries to learn from those geniuses, and
take advice from them, design advice. It follows a power law, so that there are a few extremely well-linked to, popular blogs, and a long tail of blogs with very few links. It will bring skills and learning
and reading. [Clapping] And the wild geese are calling down. The Catholic Church pulled in 97 billion dollars last year according to the Wall Street Journal. You didn't learn it by just learning principles,
you got in it and you did it so often that it became real. because automobiles are really the thing we have to solve. There are no ideas and narratives and leaders and symbols advocating the democratic culture
on the ground. There is a reason for that. Over hundreds of thousands of years we've learned that when the birds are singing, things are safe. with that. It's very hard to do. In 2003, when I stepped out
of the pure play capitalistic sector to work on so-called social sector issues, I definitely did not have any grand strategy or plan to pursue and find for-profit solutions to addressing pressing public
issues. Not just a superficial image of it, though it contains that as well, but an explanatory model, embodying the same mathematical relationships and the same causal structure. And my mother's Vietnamese
was so bad that to make our story more credible, she'd given all the boys and girls new Vietnamese names. Everybody could go and listen, you know -- ordinary people, even the sultan, Muslims and non-Muslims. Or
they're responding to censorship requests by authoritarian regimes that do not reflect consent of the governed. Let it recover, before we start logging again. Well, thank you for your attention. NT: Yes,
that was a big mistake. He's a man, a servant, an older servant looking at this younger servant, saying, "Look at me. I want to warn you about what you're about to go through. Please look at me." I happened
to be in the elevator collecting data for this book. He said, "That's what you need. And so I've been beginning, with a variety of different projects, to understand how people can relate to machines with
their eyes. Great. Cool. So I was really interested in quantity. A 75-year-old farmer. She was selling oranges on the side of the road. And the reason we looked at autism is we had the money to do it. We can
put in all the meanings. He said to me, "I would be free." that we can now present to the public the next generation of customization. You have to balance those two goals. ["Yellow"] DB: Red. Audience: Yellow. We've
done it for many patients now, and we can say that they're all independent infections. Life is a force in its own right. It is a new element. If you were to reward doctors for doing more procedures -- which
is the current system -- they would do more. And one of our real worries with Colony Collapse Disorder is the fact that it costs so much money to replace those dead-out colonies. It's like, "Ugh," so that's
what we do. but anyway, this guy is just a class act. You find him at the bench every single day, working on a pipette and building stuff. And one of the things this guy just built are these things. Don't
take on the cost that prevents you from getting to the contributions of these people. So, for years Agnes walked through the Rift valley. Most of you started out wanting to change the world, didn't you? the
common disease or the rare disease? Are there things about the universe that will be forever beyond our grasp, but not beyond the grasp of some superior intelligence? Are there things about the universe
that are, in principle, ungraspable by any mind, however superior? But this wave started, and if I question the wave, or try to stop the wave or look back at the wave, I often have the experience of whiplash
or the potential of my neck breaking. But if I go with the wave, and I trust the wave and I move with the wave, I go to the next place, and it happens logically and organically and truthfully. But I was
moved almost to tears because I understood what was happening to this young man. I don't know how much perfume that commercial sold, but I guarantee you, it moved a lot of antidepressants and anti-anxiety
meds. And you need the local people for that because these grasslands, once they start burning ... It goes through it like a windstorm and you lose again the last bit of ash and nutrients to the first rainfall
-- going to the sea killing off the coral reefs there. But this is how we do it in the United States. If I were to ask you guys, what do you rely on when you're looking at somebody and you want to find out
if they're lying? What cue do you pay attention to? My dad was a bilingual college professor. His hobbies were chess, bridge and writing op-eds. They just want the sharing to go away. It was a beautiful visualization
that he did for Seed magazine. And that's huge. And then he turned around and said, "Well, if you back a prize institute that runs a 10 prize, you get 500 to one." So it's not in our nature to pre-act. That's
the nature of things. We get tired. I just finished the ninth book in the "Lunch Lady" series, which is a graphic novel series about a lunch lady who fights crime. I'm not plugging T-Mobile. Okay, so experts
think that one to three percent of you are not actually the father of your child. The sidewalks are gravel. They flood when it rains, but they're green. And so a plan came up to video the vote. Using simple,
delightful illustrations, designer Stefan Sagmeister shares his latest thinking on happiness -- both the conscious and unconscious kind. His seven rules for life and design happiness can apply to everyone
seeking more joy. Anyway, please join me in teaching these values. it's an anecdote that I'll leave you with. Mapping is, of course, not just about cartography, it's also about imagery. Maybe those reasons,
or depending on where you are, cadavers may not be easily available. What I am is a doctor of internal medicine who became passionately interested in this topic about 10 years ago when a patient asked me
a question. Let us make this field a much bigger place. This is one of the mines. It doesn't have any beryllium in it. Our industrial society is scarcely 300 years old. Each attempt was substantially different
from the other. but do them -- this is called "creative collaboration;" it's actually called "borrowing" -- Writers are not seen as creative individuals on their own, but as the representatives of their
respective cultures: It turns out to have a forebrain one-fifteenth the size of a human. So his idea of a natural universe was one in which the air molecules were just spread out evenly everywhere -- the
everything molecules. So there is among many people -- certainly me and most of the people I talk to -- a kind of collective dissatisfaction with the way things are working, with the way our institutions
run. But it's also wrong about plants, because plants are not just able to live; I want to devote my talk today to the act of speaking itself, and how the act of speaking or not speaking is tied so indelibly
to one's identity as to force the birth of a new person when it is taken away. However, I've found that listening to a computer voice for any great length of time can be monotonous. It's in our hands, and
we have all the potential here to change the lives of future generations -- not only for the soldiers, or for Amanda here and all the wheelchair users, but for everyone. You know, I'd never lost anything,
like, whether it would be the scholarship or, you know, I'd won five golds when I skied. In everything, I came in first. But now let's look at the other end. My love ... PS: Don't get off! Don't get off!
Don't get off! Enters the courtyard and talks to the custodian, who tells him that there's been a disaster in the palazzo; nobody's TVs are working and there's a big soccer game coming up, and the crowd
is getting a little restless and a little nervous. So, Act II: A Home Reconstructed. E: I'm special. And she says that Roman humor mirrors the construction of Roman society. And it's a responsive system that's
trained on actual weather. And, in fact, he'd written the people in London: Could he see their x-ray photograph? And even before the fizz had gone out of our celebratory champagne, the Taliban had taken
over in Kabul, and we said, "Local jihad, not our problem." And then the second lesson, the radical, tactical shift. There's the Dodd-Frank Act, there's the new Consumer Financial Protection Agency that
is temporarily being headed through the backdoor by Elizabeth Warren. I was hanging on to have a pee. Statistics show that we are living in a relatively peaceful era. "OK, so I stopped at a light and there's
a guy, you know, in the back." And that's good. I like not to know for as long as possible. We're still doing it, with all of the genius assembled in this room. So the cost of the propellant is about .3 percent
of the cost of the rocket. So she pulled up the CD of the scan images, and look at all those hot spots. So I asked, "What do you think we should do about this? And finally goes to E, and it's home. So, certainly
the challenge was there. We cope with this pressure by having brains, and within our brains, decision-making centers that I've called here the "Actor." Then the plankton feeders, these little damselfish,
the little animals floating in the water. My job is to make arms and legs -- well it's not completely true. It's disgusting. Michael Shermer: "Satan?" OK, well, at least we got "Satan." It weighs less than
one AA battery. Right. So what has changed? So I have sensory input, which I can take in to make beliefs. And those two things made the risk more than it was. But it's also clear that prosperity goes beyond
this. Afraid of the conflict that that would provoke, afraid to get embroiled in arguments that they did not know how to manage, and felt that they were bound to lose. Co-evolution entwined insects and birds
and plants forever. And a lot more people wanted to show their faces than I had anticipated. And I'm going to use them to tell you a little bit about my favorite subject: deception. And my little idea that
will do that This is a room of type-A women. A few months ago, a 40 year-old woman came to an emergency room in a hospital close to where I live, and she was brought in confused. But he could memorize all
the needs of all the beings that he is, he will, he did. Words no longer say it; let me tell you what I always do. Two billion people without sanitation. Your robe gives it away." I don't think anyone would
say yes. We have to beat that. Because I'm older now than George Burns was when he said, "At my age, I don't even buy green bananas." This is what an aura looks like. When you know where things are, it becomes
easier to share them. Babri Masjid -- one of the most beautiful mosques in India, built by King Babur, I think, in the 16th century -- was demolished by Hindu activists. You click on that cookout tag, there
an entirely different conversation with different people participating in it. But we have padding, and fantastic shock-absorbing things like Sorbothane -- the materials that help us, when we're hit like
this, not to hurt ourselves too much. Some attribute this golden world knowledge to Plato, others to Pythagoras. One time I wrote a column about my efforts to reach Dell Technical Support, and within 12
hours there were 700 messages from readers on the feedback boards on the Times website, from users saying, "Me too!" and, "Here's my tale of woe." I call it "software rage." Touch me, feel -- ah, ah, you
know! I do not use them as weapons. It was quite a compelling experience, but not really, I suppose, a surprise to someone who'd had his room full of the books. You can't do it all in one day. Of course he
knew. And they need allies from their communities. And TV, satellite and cable revenues are way up. Since we are such a visual species, it's hard for us to really understand this, Well we have two objective
measures. I want to show you my watch." And after 35/36 years, it's still going on. Because she makes an active contribution to the better world, just like all of us here today. His body disappears, his identity
disappears from his consciousness, because he doesn't have enough attention, like none of us do, to really do well something that requires a lot of concentration, and at the same time to feel that he exists. And
it was also fertile. And that's actually rather useful for forensics and so on. Any society can adopt these institutions, and when they do, they achieve what the West achieved after 1500 -- only faster. It's
one of those ideas that's so simple, yet brilliant, you wonder why it's never been done before. But she did find heme, which is the biological foundation of hemoglobin. The fraction of those which get a
first replicator. Now, we have lots of people who are doing this already, and we've talked a little bit about the educational side. Yeah. So, I went and started looking. This is an example of something known
as a Calabi-Yau shape -- I think we would like for dispensing errors to be zero, wouldn't we? And yet, as noise levels go up, so do the errors in dispensing made by the staff in hospitals. They integrated
with the building in really peculiar ways. The minister of education down south in London described himself as a "big fan." Two years after this, I was the first to BASE jump from Matterhorn, a very famous
mountain that probably everybody knows in here. Martha Gellhorn, who's one of my heroes, once said, "You can only love one war. The rest is responsibility." I went on to cover many, many, many wars after
that, so many that I lost count, but there was nothing like Sarajevo. In both cases, they had their operations and they did okay. And after a few days, depending upon temperature, the egg will hatch and
the larva of this parasite will eat the aphid from the inside. Is it going to be another Somalia? We first need to verify that we are on target. He's like, "Yes, Deborah?" Okay. Three stories. Here's the argument. This
is called mud wrestling in the rice fields. I took the three elements -- stomach, small intestine and colon. In fact, the Earth and Mars are both 4.6 billion years old. And the way we'll make energy in the
future is not from resource, it's really from knowledge. In 2009, Zipcar took 250 participants from across 13 cities -- and they're all self-confessed car addicts and car-sharing rookies -- and got them
to surrender their keys for a month. Traditional fields of study are going to continue to grow and in so doing, inevitably they will meet and create new disciplines. Clearly, we're living in a moment of
crisis. Everybody knows, you should absolutely not work with your spouse. cities,climate change,global issues It can get sideways like a rally car driver, always able to take the tightest curve, even on slippery,
changing surfaces, never spinning out. They created a global computer made up of people. They cheat just by a little bit. What's suddenly possible was demonstrated by three big Stanford classes, each of which
had an enrollment of 100,000 people or more. When an artful blob of paint or two, by an artist, suggests a person -- say, one of Marvin Minsky's little society of mind -- do they send little painters out
to fill in all the details in your brain somewhere? and so it's really given Lakewood, Colorado the downtown that this particular suburb never had. When Tracy Chevalier looks at paintings, she imagines the
stories behind them: How did the painter meet his model? What would explain that look in her eye? Why is that man … blushing? She shares three stories inspired by portraits, including the one that led
to her best-selling novel "Girl With a Pearl Earring." -- Revolts at the idea. Common sense. An aspen needs fire and dry soils. the problem is electronics get hot It was a lack of ice -- open water. Have I
gotten the right one? Maybe this isn't the good one? The real trouble comes when pregnant women are, in a sense, unreliable narrators, when fetuses are led to expect a world of scarcity and are born instead
into a world of plenty. The notion that you can understand why a brain works, perhaps. And how has this system of law worked for government? Max has kindly donated his photograph to me. We will never again
have a political class that was forged by the experience of fighting together in World War II against a common enemy. And with the stream, I would like to propose a metaphor for the relationship between
neural activity and connectivity. And the talk you heard about ethanol earlier today, to me, is the final triumph of corn over good sense. Now, when you talk global you have to talk English. And so all our
schools are English medium schools. AA: They called it their Walkalong Glider. What is this guy doing? Remarkably -- no, miraculously -- he lived. So I'd like to encourage you to pay attention to your thermal
comfort, to your thermal environment, tonight and tomorrow, and if you'd like to learn more about that, I invite you to go to our website. And for all those years -- 20, 30 years -- through all those focus
group sessions, no one ever said they wanted extra-chunky. So what we did is we did a randomized, controlled trial in 134 villages in Udaipur Districts. And everybody knows that these three animals are related. And
he would tell them, "At the moment I directed you in this way, and now that I am directing you in this way, everything will be okay." Well now, how are we going to tell the good memes from the bad memes? We
have to look over generations to understand it. So, I started researching into pearl divers. We see where it's bouncing, but we don't see [them] as they exist. And thirdly, we need to have some humility. It's
16, 16, 16, 48, 4,800 -- the answer to the sum. Maybe a little Photoshopped. And I go around opening box after box until I've got 15 pies. Of course they will. Because as a receiver of language, they are
receiving it and representing it, There are two pop-ups bringing you some other information, and a final article with a link out to the original article. In interior decorating, the pig's actually quite
there. And that was kind of like the launch of this thing. The first is how to take the resources out of the ground -- the economic processes, taking the resources out of the ground and putting assets on
top of the ground. When he was just 14 years old, Malawian inventor William Kamkwamba built his family an electricity-generating windmill from spare parts, working from rough plans he found in a library
book. What should I do?" Well, one way of trying is to see whether we could look at income distribution. I came across a great quote recently from Abraham Lincoln, who I thought you'd be pleased to have quoted
at this point. Africa has received many opportunities. And in real life, there are lots of non-zero-sum games. Of course, thanks to the environmentalist movement we're all sensitive to the plight of marine
mammals. The world's population will grow to 9 billion over the next 50 years -- and only by raising the living standards of the poorest can we check population growth. This is the paradoxical answer that
Hans Rosling unveils at TED using colorful new data display technology . I'm not home, can't make family dinner? CA: So you think that people thinking about the brain, and consciousness generally, could
get real insight by saying, where does movement play in this game? I mean, from 1965 to 1973 there were more munitions that fell on Cambodia than in all of World War II Japan, including the two nuclear
bombs of August 1945. And the 11-year-old, one impulse on the whole phrase. such as, what is the means and what is the ends? Here's a great article about an important election race that's happening. But we're
going to first enter through the door of the Big Top. and you can see that they're closer to Punta Tombo; they're not going as far away. He wasn't first, he didn't get rich, he didn't get famous so he quit. We
have tried everything, viewed everything, bought everything. So, not only does each type of pollen look different, but each habitat has a different combination of plants. Now, there's another part of that
community which are the commercial beekeepers, the ones who make their livelihood from beekeeping alone. People have tried for a long time. There are a couple of interesting candidates. But now if you have
an option that nobody wants, you can take it off. Right? Because what I saw, I'm convinced, is the future of cooking. Now, the monkeys meet two guys who aren't giving them bonuses; they're actually giving
them less than they expect. and even for lifting men. I then went on wondering whether I could actually replace her image, That it's about communication that doesn't just produce greater understanding within
the individual, but leads to real change. When I hear about the $100 laptop and it's going to educate every child -- educate every designer in the world. Put one in every favela, every slum settlement,
because you know what, The middle is an English translation that was done by somebody who was a professional English translator who we paid 20 cents a word for this translation. This robot is actually a
family of snake robots that we call HyDRAS, Hyper Degrees-of-freedom Robotic Articulated Serpentine. This is a robot that can climb structures. And the bigger picture is: we need to find a way to turn off
the faucet. Lesley Hazleton sat down one day to read the Koran. And what she found -- as a non-Muslim, a self-identified "tourist" in the Islamic holy book -- wasn't what she expected. With serious scholarship
and warm humor, Hazleton shares the grace, flexibility and mystery she found, in this myth-debunking talk from TEDxRainier. So, just for two seconds, how these technologies work -- because I think it's
important to understand it. There's that. And this was yet another famine in Ethiopia. An orchestra conductor faces the ultimate leadership challenge: creating perfect harmony without saying a word. In this
charming talk, Itay Talgam demonstrates the unique styles of six great 20th-century conductors, illustrating crucial lessons for all leaders. You'll start talking about the latent bestiality in all humans,
or some such thing, which is quite absurd, of course. People like Rashani Zafar, who created one of the largest microfinance banks in the country, and is a real role model for women inside and outside the
country. Because she is a cub wanting to play, but she was also a predator needing to kill, and yet conflicted in some way, because she was also an emerging mother. It doesn't have feelings ... yet. thereby
upping the odds of conception. Look at Bangladesh and Qatar. And inside that supernova remnant is going to be a little black hole that has a mass roughly three times the mass of the Sun. So, let's look at
the proof. There'll be huge professional arguments as well. And some of the watches there, attempting to be beautiful and humorous -- maybe not attempting, hopefully succeeding. Maybe even find a tumor, in
some cases. And when we're faced with a body that actually presents us something quite different, it startles us in terms of those categorizations. They last for about five miles, in which case we put our
foot back on the pedal. But it works, and it even has some health repercussions. In transportation, it's not to move us, it's to move the stuff that we make or buy. But what politicians need is a range of
options. But they understood fundamentally that they are not a car company. and so therefore we're equally, if not more, accountable. Myshkin Ingawale: A blood test without bleeding We're focused on adding
drugs, adding growth factors, killing nerves that are causing problems and not the surrounding tissue. What's the net effect of this? I mean, this nautical almanac published the lunar differences for every
month of the year. But what you're going to find eventually is to help you out. So each nerve cell with the right genetic makeup will spontaneously produce a receiver that allows us to control its function. And
when it became a landscape, it also became a destination, and altered, really, the course of my life. Immunization, that's the cheapest way to save a child's life. So we look at a process of group dynamics:
coalescence and fragmentation, groups coming together, groups breaking apart. The gourd is a feminine aspect; the stick is a male. and the stories that do exist about positive tales. A part of my talk is
going to be about investment opportunities that exist on this continent, Watch this -- I'm not touching any buttons, ladies and gentlemen. You won't be familiar with it. First of all, I was embarrassed because
I had not read the novel "Dune" at that time. And British Motor was around 11,000. Are those cells happy or not? What I'm going to try and do then -- I notice that took some of you a little bit of time to
get your answer. You break out that Leviathan Force only every so often. If I asked a question like, "How fast can a child learn how to read in a classroom?" scientists change the answer to "How fast does
the average child learn how to read in that classroom?" and then we tailor the class right towards the average. 11 million AIDS orphans in Africa, 20 million by the end of the decade. And ... Wikipedia is
fixed, finally. You can't see how different your search results are from anyone else's. My dad has Alzheimer's disease. And that's where they do their experiments, and then the balloon, the payload, is brought
down. But in any case, there are big, big changes happening as we speak. So, here's another time-lapse shot of Columbia. And of course, the Swiss can be divided into two general categories: those who make
small, exquisite, expensive objects and those who handle the money of those who buy small, exquisite, And Carl Norden is very firmly in the former camp. HC: Let's talk about flavor transformation, and let's
actually make some cool stuff. Designer Philippe Starck -- with no pretty slides to show -- spends 18 minutes reaching for the very roots of the question "Why design?" Listen carefully for one perfect mantra
for all of us, genius or not. CA: Well, I would love to -- I mean, this such an interesting and important idea. This is surprising, of course, because in the order of six to eight times fewer people live
in Africa than outside Africa. You don't have to heat them up as hot as you would something you do pressure canning because bacterial spores can't grow in the acid. You have to remember that the world today
is bringing in so many cars. These centrifuges in Iran are subdivided into 15, what is called, stages. And guess what we found in the attack code? Because at first, I'd be so excited I would blurt out, "The
Dodgers won!" or, "The Dodgers lost!" People who have no light, whether it's physical or metaphorical, cannot pass our exams, and we can never know what they know. And you reverse the pressure on your membrane
once you've cooked it. Pop it out. The only thing I had to do was go out, pick them up, and have them stuffed for the collection. And we convert that information into this structure, this understanding,
this ability to convert those stories into something that is computable, I knew my forward speed, I knew the area, and so I could figure out how many hundreds of sources there were per cubic meter. I was
walking in the market one day with my wife, and somebody stuck a cage in my face. And we're going to attempt the first air-righting response in a tail, with a robot. Girl 2: And then you can download onto
your iPod. Some of them are just countries who believe that deregulation or no regulation is the best way to attract investment, promote trade. Most of the project was done in the last few years of the project. Raise
your hand if you do. Oh, wow. We've got to do whatever we can to help them, but we've also got to ask, I think, a more profound question of whether we use this crisis to jump forward to a different kind
of economy that's more suited to human needs, to a better balance of economy and society. By the way, this is highly accelerated, so it's like a thousand generations a second. And that makes a happy family. And
so she came up with creating these pocket-sized artworks that are portraits of the person that would carry them. Maybe it would have been much worse, And all over the world, eminent evolutionists are anxious
to celebrate this. And so, that's what we're going to do. We're planning a permanent home in Chicago. She's what I know today to be mentally ill, higher-functioning at times than others. The economies were
not growing. I said, "Could you put your documents on this web thing?" I've found that finding out about what I'm going to like in the future, my very best way is to talk to people who have actually done
it much better than myself envisioning it. The black, you can't really see this, but these are Norwegian basking shark hunting vessels, and the black line in the crow's nest signifies this is a shark vessel
rather than a whaling vessel. It shows us a general mistrust of government or government-backed institutions, which lacked transparency in the past. Last year, it was 1,000. It's helping all of us to connect. he
said, "because six months ago, I saved his life." That would solve the problem, but I don't see anybody doing any research on making people smaller. The scripted one is what you see in the movies, the real
one was cricket. In order to create, we have to stand in that space between what we see in the world and what we hope for, looking squarely at rejection, at heartbreak, at war, at death. So I thought of
an idea -- what if we collect the sun with a large reflector -- like I had been thinking about way back when, when I was in high school -- but maybe with modern technology we could make a cheaper, large
collector, concentrate it to a small converter, and then the conversion device wouldn't have to be as expensive, because it's much smaller, rather than solar cells, which have to be covering the entire
surface area that you want to gather sun from. "Oh, my God." I said, "OK, fine. Does pop know you're driving?" As the wind comes up, it has to go over the cliff, so as you walk through the air, it goes around
your body, some has to go over you. And he's basically taking a picture of his family everyday for the past, what is '76 -- 20, oh my God, I'm '77 -- 29 years? Twenty-nine years. but I think I was also getting
my first lesson in activist work. So how could that ever happen?" 'Once you have stayed here,' he said, 'you can stay for the rest of your life.'" For two weeks, she became my companion, slept with me. And
it's within these tribes that all of our work gets done. Big mistake: it just sold for 80 million dollars two years ago. JC: Ah, I see. So the wingsuit is set up to deliberately release smoke so that you
can be tracked. One more question. I want you to demand it. Do you remember that? George Bush, "A nu-ca-ler." It's information. On the middle, this guy nested a couple of weeks after the release. I warmed the
battery up in my armpit. And that problem is so severe that the ultimate invention coming from this community surprised me: it's the social engineering. That the lab in far north of Norway -- this is so
far north its satellite dishes look at the ground rather than the sky because that's where the satellites are -- the lab outgrew the little barn that it was in. I stopped listening to their stories quite
as closely as I had before. What that means is we have the tools to break the back of this epidemic. So as far as popularity of games, what do you think these people are doing here? A whole new symmetry. And
this particular plant removes formaldehydes and other volatile chemicals. And I think it is because we feel that this kind of bread really is about authenticity. It is purely your body, and the wings become
part of the body and vice versa? This guy -- I love this guy! He put a dodo leg bones on a scanner with a ruler. The information they get gets filtered through somebody who either twists that information,
or colors that information, does something with it. For the move to be professional, it has to be less than one second and it has to be perfect." When you run very short wavelengths, like a tuning fork the
antenna resonates, and there's more energy coming out of the antenna than there is the backscatter from the ground that we're trying to analyze, taking too much processing." There are great ones, like KIPP's;
it's a great system. They dismiss an interesting interaction by saying, you know, "That’s just happening because they’re acting it out." And today, 45 years later, we clearly have no less need for this kind
of clarity and perspective, but what we do have is improved technology. Now if you look at these five ways of being, these are the exact same ways of being you need in order to be a good scientist. At the
last show that we did, 200 parents showed up and we didn't pick up one parent. But I don't think that's a good idea. It's exactly equivalent to taking one 325 milligram aspirin tablet, throwing it into the
middle of Lake Tahoe, and then stirring it up, obviously with a very big stick, and waiting two years or so until the solution is homogeneous. But it was more than that. But instead, surprisingly, he said,
"Oh, bring her down here for a year, and if I can't win her over, no one can." BF: Anything? Yet, my interest in photography started as I got my first digital camera at the age of 15. Well, everybody can
throw around big numbers. It's like the old maxim of "you can tell somebody something and show them, but if they do it they really learn it." BJ: But when this little cub saw that I had vacated my seat and
climbed to the back to get some camera gear, she came in like a curious cat to come and investigate. I said, "I'll make a concession. I'll take the husbands along as well." There were no windows large enough
to climb through. I thought about, what are the problems that are most likely to affect the future of the world or the future of humanity? I walked out feeling as low as a snake's belly in a wagon rut. these
twin missions, a few years ago, I launched Project Prakash. Here's an example: A company I'm engaged with has found a specific piece of the H spike of flu that sparks the immune system. But I want you to
take this very seriously. I'm a senior resident in anesthesia in intensive care at the University Hospital of the West Indies. So my question to you is, can we find ways to know ourselves without the escape? And
in the artificial semen was a radio-opaque substance, such that it would show up on an X-ray. What would our unborn children say to us when they have an exposure that's happening everyday, day after day? And,
therefore, what I say, you have to fake it and make it. Now how did we do this? How did we go from being hunter-gatherers 10,000 years ago to building these gigantic cities in just a few thousand years? Vijay
Kumar: Robots that fly ... and cooperate Think about all the services we use, all the connectivity, all the entertainment, all the business, all the commerce. Now, a simplistic answer would be, the doctors
are doing this because they want to protect themselves legally. Now his failure to satisfy the family life, is an inevitable association of great people. They made sure that their loan recipients were staying
up with their payments. And I was writing terrible poetry and knitting sweaters for him. They can only win if they all pull together as a team. Probably what happened is a hospital in Japan upgraded their
equipment and donated their old stuff to Nepal. And I think you should do something unusual with them, because these are bonus minutes. You weren't going to have them anyway. Right, so, let the robot stand-up
comedy begin. One is fully passive, like I just described -- as in, for instance, the trucker example, where we don't actually intervene in the population in any way. So, then, we understand that if we want
to change our trajectory, in life, or in the balloon, we have to change altitude. MT: I like to think of myself as an honest magician. Even though it means changing the way we've always done it." And I was
like, you know, I always get a little, like, weirded out by people who deflect everything away from themselves. And the amoeba dubia doesn't look like much, except that each of you has about 3.2 billion
letters, which is what makes you you, as far as gene code inside each of your cells, Very interesting. This is a typeface designer from Israel who has designed -- he calls them "typosperma." Perhaps there
are other things that we're just not thinking about yet, but that's one idea to think about, urban islands. Kary Mullis' next-gen cure for killer infections Some of these have already been touched upon by
other speakers, which is encouraging. So I asked the girls, "How can we help other girls develop healthy relationships with their fathers?" On the face of it, it seemed to be -- this debate about the golf
cart -- an argument about fairness, what's an unfair advantage. Now you can try to move your outcomes around. I didn't know who it was, I didn't know what they wanted, and Natasha could tell they were firemen
trying to get us out. And I knew how Mr. Webster defined it: as the accumulation of material possessions or the attainment of a position of power or prestige, or something of that sort -- Obviously, as a
designer, that's really exciting They all accepted to be pasted next to the other. Because it looks like those terrible geodesic domes of my late beloved '60s, they're called "buckyballs." And he liked to
do an exercise with his students where he got them to take a piece of paper and draw the person who sat next to them, their neighbor, very quickly, just as quickly as they could. And in fact, we’re going
to do that exercise right now. You all have a piece of cardboard and a piece of paper. It’s actually got a bunch of circles on it. I need you to turn that piece of paper over; you should find that it’s
blank on the other side. And there should be a pencil. And I want you to pick somebody that’s seated next to you, and when I say, go, you’ve got 30 seconds to draw your neighbor, OK? This is about energy
efficiency. Parusharam is Parikrma And I think that's the orientation that we have to change. We made sure that we produced some things ourselves. Now this is a social disaster, and liberals are very concerned
about this. Basically the stuff of life is natural capital, and we need to recognize and build that into our systems. The one thing I've learned at the X Prize is that small teams driven by their passion
with a clear focus can do extraordinary things, things that large corporations and governments could only do in the past. And I think that it's time that we asked for the same from technology. The president
of Rwanda stepped in and said he would do it. In this case, supply right next to demand. He gave the popular lectures that became "The Character of Physical Law." He gave lectures to Caltech undergrads that
became "The Feynman Lectures on Physics." He gave lectures to Caltech graduate students that became "The Feynman Lectures on Gravitation." In every one of these books, every one of these sets of lectures,
he emphasized this puzzle: Why did the early universe have such a small entropy? and it lets you do all kinds of interesting things; So the silence of scientists, of technologists, of public policy makers,
of the change agent, drew our attention that this is not on, this is not on; this is not the way society will work. My wife doesn't need food -- she's a great trainer, After surgeries for cancer took away
my ability to speak, eat or drink, I was forced to enter this virtual world in which a computer does some of my living for me. These are two pieces of DNA that we use quite widely in our work. All I wanted
to do was put my running shoes on and run out the door. Your mom could get cancer, your dad could get mean. The project came back to us about a decade later, and this time with a director named David Fincher. First,
they demoralize the people who are engaged in the activity. You see the person live. Impressive. Thank you. We believe that if we could fill these 10 gaps, we have a chance to help really reduce the risk
of a pandemic. And the friends of mine who make big, giant Hollywood movies say the reason their films are so successful is because of the brand partners that they have. And then my friends who make small
independent films say, "Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant Hollywood movies?" And the movie is called "The Greatest Movie Ever Sold." and what we argue in the book, is that there
is no set of rules, there is no set of rules that will get us what we need. I don't think Apophis is a problem. Knowing that Tolstoy was in their midst, they asked him to tell stories of the great men of
history. This is a big one, and it won't wait. These are haikus. My friend Brad Kessler says that we didn't become human until we started keeping goats. They're being introduced to the characteristic flavors
and spices of their culture's cuisine even before birth. We want unadulterated data. So, this table I've given just to emphasize that I've only talked about two examples. And they found that 100 percent of
the children that had not eaten the marshmallow were successful. And in the depth of despair, in the midst of the movie, when it looks like he can't pull this thing off, and he needs this case, he needs
to win this case so badly. I was detained on the 27th night. As you walk towards the ever-open threshold, you disappear, both to yourselves and to others. Dorcas is 15 years old, and she was trained in self-defense. So
what is time perspective? That's what I'm going to talk about today. So I come to the computer and I start looking on, and suddenly I see many people talking to me, most of them I don't know, and a few
of them from Iran, which is -- What? And they brought in Jack Nicklaus and Arnold Palmer. Now I'm going to tell you one funny thing about this. She's prepared to clean teeth, but when she gets there, she
finds out that there are no doctors, no dentists, and the clinic is just a hut full of flies. And the world's first major botanical institution is in London, This actually shows the actual printer. And this
actually shows that printing. And there is a 100 billion clicks per day. We see this in medicine. It's just not practical. One of the pivotal times for me was actually learning to cross a street again So close
your eyes. In fact, it's the system in the painful process of breaking down -- our system, of debt-fueled economic growth, of ineffective democracy, of overloading planet Earth, is eating itself alive. There
are a lot of ways you can describe this. First of all, if you can, don't fight the patent, fight the infringement. I think a public dialogue -- I think, you know, I'd like to see an international competition,
and a call for ideas for uses. You drive on to a proboscis. You get out. It lifts you up. And I think it's very unlikely that they were far from the minds of Americans when they went to vote in November
2008. To watch her better, the one-eyed monkey climbed onto the tree. And the universe is so old that unless we were the very first civilization ever to evolve, we should have some evidence of their existence
by now. And so we see a mushroom here sporulating. It's only recently that this kind of marriage between design and science is producing some of the first "pretty" -- if we can say so -- scientific presentations. TK:
That's Claudia, and that was the first time she got to feel sensation through her prosthetic. This is going to push computers to have to grow faster than they've been growing, because so far, there haven't
been applications that have been required that need to go faster than Moore's Law. This stuff does. This is from McGill and University of Michigan. This is the RHex, making its first outing in a demo. Very,
very hard to think that you will influence us. Cervical cancer is five times higher than the U.S. national average. And simply put, if penguins are dying, it means our oceans are dying, and we ultimately
will be affected, because, as Sylvia Earle says, "The oceans are our life-support system." Then when the school shut me down -- the school actually called me into the office and told me I couldn't do it
-- so I went to the gas stations and I sold lots of them to the gas stations and had the gas stations sell them to their customers. In reality, it is one of its greatest allies. Leviathan Force, it's all
about joint operations between the military services. Or perhaps you're one of those who's always yearned for more creativity. These heroin addicts in detox in Pakistan reminded me of figures in a play by
Beckett: isolated, waiting in the dark, but drawn to the light. And she said -- I'll never forget -- "It's just not something you want to say to a mother that's having a baby for the first time." and as
a result, we've needed a very different approach to eradicate polio than what was done with smallpox. So we are really duplicating the kind of signals that you have on the optic nerve. What are we seeing? Many
of them drown. Generation 10 and it'll take a few steps more -- You could, if you're really smart, you could shine a nonlethal laser on the bug before you zap it, and you could listen to the wing beat frequency
and you could measure the size. I would like to say, if we want to have a sustainable world we have to work with everything what's said, Things that were thought impossible just a few years ago can actually
be measured now. Authority comes, paints the wall white, leaves the tank and adds a message: "Army and people, one hand. Egypt for Egyptians." One is hierarchical pores, and the other is a macro-molecular
nanoscale porosity in the material. Anyway, the three boys came in -- four-year-olds with tea towels on their heads -- and they put these boxes down, and the first boy said, "I bring you gold." But the real
puzzle and irony is that the greatest density of different languages on Earth is found where people are most tightly packed together. And I will talk you through all of these and demonstrate how they work,
exclusively using examples of people getting stuff wrong. See, when we were dealing with our biology, bacteria, the genes, the things inside here, the blood? The song says, ♫ "I made heaven so happy today,
♫ ♫ Receiving God's love and giving it away ♫ ♫ When I looked up, heaven smiled at me ♫ ♫ Now, I'm so happy. Can't you see? ♫ ♫ I'm happy. Look at me. I'm happy. Can't you see? ♫ ♫ Sharing makes me happy,
makes heaven happy too ♫ ♫ I'm happy. Look at me. I'm happy. Can't you see? ♫ ♫ Let me share my happy loving smile with you. ♫ That's compassion. And the thing is, if we can put in all the words, no longer
have that artificial distinction between good and bad, we can really describe the language like scientists. And in fact, he had some ideas to make them go away. There's other ways of breaking the pyramid. If
you read folklore and mythology, any kind of myths, any kind of tall tales, running is always associated with freedom and vitality and youthfulness and eternal vigor. Eighty-five percent cannot read when
they enter the security forces of Afghanistan. Because I'm writing a book about all this, I'm still looking into it, so I don't have the answer. And in the time since Galileo pointed that rudimentary telescope
at the celestial bodies, the known universe has come to us through light, across vast eras in cosmic history. And this then has given rise to unprecedented and unexpected How can one distinguish a donation
that is voluntary and altruistic from one that is forced or coerced from, for example, a submissive spouse, an in-law, a servant, a slave, an employee? We then tease the tissue apart into its two individual
cell components, muscle, and these bladder specialized cells. So if we don't like stuff, or we're intensely curious about Ernst Haeckel's scientific falsifications, we can pull them out like that. is something
much worse than a revolt. So my research has been focused more on -- after finding out these things that actually corresponded to my own experience, I tried to understand: where -- in everyday life, in
our normal experience -- do we feel really happy? But then, they hear from all the family and friends that the father told everybody else that he was proud of him, It's because he didn't know that his son
needed to hear it. And our job is to convince the authorities that these forests have to be protected. What if my roommate knew about my Nigerian publisher, a remarkable man who left his job in a bank to
follow his dream and start a publishing house? That is true. That is the reality of the world that we live in. We were evolved in an era where it wasn't in the interests of people at the age of most people
at this conference, like myself, to live much longer, because we were using up the precious resources which were better deployed towards the children and those caring for them. He's going to be doing things
with his hands that the boar would use his snout, lacking hands. Okay. Really, most exciting about this is thinking about the energy and the excitement that young artists can bring. But more than that, your
brain gets measurably bigger. So they rightly regarded this drug as a failure, and its commercial development was stopped, and because its commercial development was stopped, this trial was never published. You
know it costs a lot of money and so on, but yes, it should not play it safe. And once again, I'd like to look back to prehistory to say something about it. So we're attacking the wrong target. It doesn't
come from salary. And if you cut the link between what is said and any attribution back to you, I mean, surely there are huge risks with that. And it was the hardest invention I ever made, but it got me
started, and I got really lucky after that. It could have come from Nepal, just to the north, across the border, or from Jharkhand, a state just to the south. So from the very beginning, fiction for me was
less of an autobiographical manifestation than a transcendental journey into other lives, other possibilities. We have 25 percent of our -- thank you -- 25 percent of our stuff is organic and local. We
cook. And Beijerinck's discovery, this was not something that occurred 500 years ago. But as oil prices rose, Russian governments have invested in infrastructure to unite the country, east and west. No, it
doesn't. Two days before my big breath hold attempt, for the record, the producers of my television special thought that just watching somebody holding their breath, and almost drowning, is too boring for
television. You had to concentrate a whole lot. These ones GQ did spring for -- I own these -- but I will tell you, not only did I not get a compliment from any of you, I have not gotten a compliment from
anybody in the months that I have owned and worn these. This, we later found out, is, in fact, a crater, but there are very few craters on the surface of Titan, meaning it's a very young surface. Stretching
over a million years, the hand axe tradition is the longest artistic tradition in human and proto-human history. On the other hand, we know that these weapons give an advantage to attacking. A second part
of the brain is called the dorsal stream. So she insisted on fabbing the board, learning how to stuff it, learning how to program it. She didn't really know what she was doing or why she was doing it, but
she knew she just had to do it. There was something electric about it. Rules and incentives don't tell you how to be a good friend, how to be a good parent, how to be a good spouse, or how to be a good
doctor or a good lawyer or a good teacher. The toy seller, in this case, had syringes, which they usually do, next door to the diggers, which is obviously what you would expect. And I think that if you really
sit and think about it, virtual worlds, and where we're going with more and more computing technology, represent essentially the likely, really tactically possible version of space exploration. The same
way that this uses the camera to get information into Scratch, you can also use the microphone. This is the part of Antarctica that we worry about. Knowing that we're not going to put fifty of these in our
basements to store our power, we went to a group at University of Texas at Dallas, and we gave them this diagram. So if this is now, and that's the past, and we start thinking about change, you know, all
governments are seeking change, you're here seeking change, everybody's after change, it's really cool. Given all of that, mistakes are inevitable. He electrifies only the outside. Louise Leakey talked yesterday
about how we're the only one in this branch left. Now, apparently in Jerusalem in 600 BC, everyone was completely bad and evil. Every single one of them: man, woman, child, infant, fetus. Because in visual
illusions we can easily demonstrate the mistakes; In this 3-minute talk, cartoonist and educator Jok Church tells a moving story of the teacher who cared for him when no one else did -- and how he returned
the favor. Why don't we feel compassion for rocks? So I want to share with you a couple key insights about complexity we're learning from studying nature that maybe are applicable to other problems. So I
literally came back from that job, quit school, hung my filmmaking shingle and just never told anyone that I didn't know what I was doing. I basically engineered it. Now, what does Sylvia Browne give you
for that 700 dollars? We should stop looking outside. It's up to us as individuals to take control and responsibility for the type of lives that we want to lead. I took pictures of everybody's hands, because
I think you can often tell a lot about somebody from how their hands look. I took a portrait of everybody, and asked everybody to make a funny face. I'm going to try to give you a view of the world as I
see it, the problems and the opportunities that we face, and then ask the question if we should be optimistic or pessimistic. Synapses can be created, and they can be eliminated. Now, another satellite also
attracted a lot of attention, and that's Titan. And the reason Titan is particularly interesting, it's a satellite bigger than our moon, and it has an atmosphere. The use of animation and projection was
a process of discovery. It's reached about seven-and-a-half million human feelings now. Words like "philanthrocapitalism," and "natural capitalism," and "philanthroentrepreneur," and "venture philanthropy." They
could not imagine turning that choice over to another, even though having made that choice made them feel trapped, In a number of cases they were even clinically depressed. And think of what that would
do for you. Girl 2: Uh, yeah. We think someone else, someone smarter than us, someone more capable, someone with more resources will solve that problem. MTV Europe worked with us and made that spoof, and
they've been slipping it in between music videos without any introduction, which I think is kind of fun. There was nothing in a country of 140 million people -- no shopping malls as you know them here. And
so, it's a very dynamic, and I think, historic and exciting community to be involved with. And our anatomists are going to go in and take a deeper look at this. Whenever we solve a problem, or make a discovery,
we compare what we know with what we don't know. We've had digital revolutions in communication and computation, but precisely the same idea, precisely the same math Shannon and Von Neuman did, hasn't yet
come out to the physical world. So, inspired by that, colleagues in this program -- the Center for Bits and Atoms at MIT -- which is a group of people, like me, who never understood the boundary between
physical science and computer science. I would even go further and say computer science is one of the worst things that ever happened to either computers or to science -- -- because the canon -- computer
science -- many of them are great but the canon of computer science prematurely froze a model of computation based on technology that was available in 1950, and nature's a much more powerful computer than
that. And so here is the fourth proposition. I've got a hydro conversion at a watermill that I own. You could take that money and buy your banjo. I went from living in a house with five guys in Palo Alto and
living off their leftovers, to all of a sudden having all kinds of resources. We have arrived somewhere. We are thinking big." You boys make me so mad. You're going to get a job this summer." All they have,
really, is trademark protection, and so it means that anybody could copy any garment on any person in this room and sell it as their own design. And so next time your neighbor sees you they'll say, "How
is that tadpole doing?" They're super-efficient. We had a very low budget to work with. This isn't a design, OK? It's a color sensor that detects the color frequency in front of me — — and sends this frequency
to a chip installed at the back of my head, and I hear the color in front of me through the bone, through bone conduction. And we run clinics in these very remote regions where there's no medical care whatsoever. And
when they do, they find that behind the glass, they find me. We hit the last glacial maximum around 16,000 years ago, but basically, from 70,000 years on, things were getting really tough, getting very
cold. The Northern Hemisphere had massive growing ice sheets. I thought I was going to study the social behavior of Galapagos penguins, but you already know penguins are rare. And that to me as well, that
if you think I'm worried about losing worlds, well Many Worlds theory -- one of the most beautiful, fascinating, sometimes terrifying ideas from the quantum interpretation -- is a wonderful thing. But I
am not as nervous as I was five weeks ago. clear to the top of that mountain. People ask me how they make the antenna. The Transition gives you a safer, more convenient and more fun way of using this resource. It's
about how our brain is tricked into seeing a persistence of vision that creates a motion picture, and one of the things I had to do is, we — Sasha Baron Cohen is a very clever, very smart guy, comedian,
wanted to basically do an homage to the kind of the Buster Keaton sort of slapstick things, and he wanted his leg brace to get caught on a moving train. But after four years the grim truth seeps out. Narrator:
A tiny airplane, the AV Pointer serves for surveillance. In effect a pair of roving eyeglasses, a cutting-edge example of where miniaturization can lead if the operator is remote from the vehicle. Authority
comes, paints the wall white, leaves the tank, leaves the suit, and throws a bucket of black paint just to hide the face of the monster. The resources are mindshare and the tools, the raw materials are
these game dynamics. The question is, can we use these secrets, then, to inspire the design of a better foot, better than one that we see in nature? And this is what the young generation says. But of course,
you know at the U.N., sometimes things move slowly, and they basically said no. So I would like to share this piece with you. This map can be updated, It comes with its own Rolls Royce and driver. They were
tired of sacred hills. What have we learned from these places? And by this, I mean looking at what millions upon millions of people have done and carefully calibrating the rate, the nature, the type, the
intensity of rewards in games to keep them engaged over staggering amounts of time and effort. Really scramble them up this time, please. Steve Sillett and Marie Antoine are the principal explorers of the
Redwood forest canopy. They're world-class athletes, and they also are world-class forest ecology scientists. So, what we did was, for the past 15 years, was to dissect out the neocortex, systematically. But
in the quarter-century since then, we've seen all of the fundamental supporting technologies go berserk. And where we go from here is going to determine not only the quality and the length of our individual
lives, but whether, if we could see the Earth a century from now, we'd recognize it. We rehearse our words, but we rarely rehearse our gestures. The Lego guys don't give you any royalties, strangely, but
some user made this and then it sold. And so, in effect, you could see perhaps a tenfold increase in the ability to get around as far as speed is concerned. The first clue to the origin of starlight happened
as recently as 1899: radioactivity. They pulse through my organs and legs and burn up my ears. Joshua Prince-Ramus on Seattle's library And it exists. I said, "Senator, it appears that we're going into the
food training business." Marmite is a breakfast spread beloved of the British. In that case, the consequences are rather severe. And I'm seeing a lot of furrowed brows out there. And it was for, you guessed
it, speed yoga. Sometimes very small investments can release enormous, infinite potential that exists in all of us. He said, "Oh, so am I." Can you say 'I will kill you in the name of Allah?'" "I could say
that, but what if I were to say, 'Hello. I'm your doctor?'" They go, "Great. And then you hijack the hospital." I mean, these things sound trite, but they are deep evolutionary truths. And that journey lasted
10 weeks, 72 days. When you do this, you'll quickly realize that you spent all of your time on the interface between man and machine, specifically on designing away the friction in the interaction. Now you've
got to picture Aunt Zip at 105 years old in Sodom, North Carolina. "But what about 1992? They destroyed innocent people. "When new technologies impose themselves on societies long habituated to older technologies,
anxieties of all kinds result." But you can also see, there are places where there's not so much. And we can't fight the threat in the kind of stupid way we're doing, because a million-dollar act causes
a billion dollars of damage, causes a trillion dollar response which is largely ineffective and arguably, probably almost certainly, has made the problem worse. but my foundations will put 500,000 dollars
so you can test the idea. So I'm going to show you now just a few brief snippets of some of the interviews that I did, some of the people I spoke with. And the kids soon learn that all projects go awry --
and become at ease with the idea that every step in a project is a step closer to sweet success, or gleeful calamity. About six years ago I decided that I would learn Arabic, which turns out to be a supremely
logical language. Chris has asked me to do a short performance, and so I'm going to take just this time -- maybe 10 minutes -- to do that, and hopefully at the end have just a moment to show you a couple
of my other projects in video form. But now that's evolved into something else. They actually are a fish that is endothermic -- powers through the ocean with warm muscles like a mammal. Or, as some people,
especially academics prefer, beauty is in the culturally conditioned eye of the beholder. And that was the beginning of what turned out to be a beautiful relationship that involved Sudhir living in the
housing project on and off for 10 years: hanging out in crack houses, going to jail with the gang members, having the car-windows shot out of his car, having the police break into his apartment and steal
his computer disks -- But ultimately, the story has a happy ending for Sudhir, who became one of the most respected sociologists in the country. And Congress did something. This is our landscape of food. They
should be in hospital." And there's this uproar, and all the doctors start pounding the table and saying, "We always said you were unethical, Archie. In any case, 12 hours later, I mean, they put us in
the lobby. This is a 50-year-old paradigm called the "free choice paradigm." It's very simple. We don't know why we should be artists, but we have many reasons why we can't be. I like to call this "intra-active." And
the guy who is working there with them, he's from Maharashtra, he said, "I think he's after the nusha." Now, the nusha means the high. Look at this. Doesn't it look just like wallpaper? And that saying is
that genetics loads the gun, but the environment pulls the trigger. These plants occur in great diversity, over 28,000 species around the world. You can teach a bunch of South Africans a tune in about five
seconds flat. You're beginning to see the emergence of a multi-polar world. This was something explicitly introduced to be an alternative to firearms, but it's being routinely used to deal with a whole range
of other sorts of problems. But what happens is, of course, it mutates over the next 80 years and it turns into something rather insidious. It becomes a cartoon of a country house, in a cartoon of the country. and
after that, forward-looking social movements like the Renaissance, and later the Enlightenment. I mean, like any sort of growing startup organization, we are sort of overwhelmed by our growth, and that
means we're getting enormous quantity of whistleblower disclosures of a very high caliber but don't have enough people to actually process and vet this information. So the physics is that you cannot prove
a hypothesis, but it's easy to disprove it -- any hypothesis is shaky. In an irritated voice, they said, "You've given us a machine that works only in English, so we had to teach ourselves English in order
to use it." And is art about trying to imagine what lies beyond the horizon? It has not crashed; it's running uninterrupted. This is Moore's Law plotted here, which relates to density of information, but
it has been pretty good for showing a lot of other things about information technology -- computers, their use, Internet, etc. And what's important is it just goes straight up through the top of the curve,
and has no real limits to it. Now try and contrast these. Okay, lots of you. So now I'm going to -- this is Louisville's skyline -- and I'm going to take you through various constraints that led to the project. I'm
very, very, very inspired by movies. Here is what I did with figure and ground. You probably assume that because the iPhone was designed in California but assembled in China that the West still leads in
terms of technological innovation. And when I went out to meet the press, they zeroed in, said, "Why are you wearing that snake pin?" You see, at the level of a concept, it was a great concept. And it's not
that machines are taking over. It's that they're helping us to be more human, helping us to connect with each other. I'll give you three examples. That's number one. Number two: This ecology of sharing needs
freedom within which to create. Over 2.5 billion people in the world today do not have proper access to water and sanitation. I can do this. I can change this. It's not a lot of money at the global level.
In fact, it's peanuts. We do love a good baseline. If you look here at the dots, compare node B in the upper left to node D in the far right; Especially when good things happen, and, in particular, when bad
things happen. It actually uses its tail too, just like we saw in the lab. But by the time the second wave hit it took such a toll among the healthcare workers that we lost most of our doctors and nurses
that were on the front lines. The first one is, who exactly are you upsetting? And part of that -- the same theme is expressed nicely here in this Sidney Harris cartoon. You know, maybe next week, next month,
next year, but, you know, it'll come out." So a few days after that, what happens? They didn't help at all. Another was a computer that ran the same touch-screen interface, ran exactly the same dialogues. I
drove to the mall in my car, bought a present, gave it to my mom." Not right now. Wait till I finish talking. And we discovered that by controlling the size of the holes, we could actually turn the entire
facade into a gigantic, naturally ventilated, rasterized image. People are going to take away my beautiful, paper dictionaries?" That's the idea behind The Long News. And I, you know." You had to measure the
milk and add it, mixing it. With that, let's get the first slide up here. This, as many of you have probably guessed, is a recently emptied beer can in Portugal. Needless to say, I was drastically wrong. That's
cheaper than today's gasoline, even in the U.S. And these guys paint humongous paintings, and they look really good. It turns out it's because the novelty standard is too low. So, you know, this does happen. Kiwis
are, and so are these hawks trapped near Antarctica. Now, what will happen? What if they come to, you know, suck up our oceans for the hydrogen? Same with furniture, it's too utilitarian. Volta's battery
works at room temperature. Stories matter. As an anthropologist, I know that. What I actually said is, they're not contentious at all. I mean, look at the elephant. and when you actually go through them, it's
very hard to recognize the music in it. Now we didn't write this app. Some of these will sound familiar because you probably are thinking that way. I'm using my brain theory to see. Well, I can look at this
one and I can be very proud of this, As Wael Ghonim, the Google-Egyptian-executive by day, secret-Facebook-activist by night, famously said to CNN after Mubarak stepped down, "If you want to liberate a
society, just give them the Internet." But overthrowing a government is one thing and building a stable democracy is a bit more complicated. Certainly this is not the first time that we've had great progress
with women. And I'm going do that also by looking at what I think is part of my creative process, which includes a number of things that happened, actually -- the nothing started even earlier than the moment
in which I'm creating something new. And I'm going to show a video of the older version of it, which is just a minute long. Okay. And so, in fact, if you know you have these kleptoparasitic bees, you know
that your environment is healthy, because they're top-of-the-food-chain bees. Because since pre-partition, they've been building demand for their ideology on the ground. Towards the end of their life, they
become nearly free. Charles and Ray were a team. They were husband and wife. And out in eastern Montana there's a lot of space, a lot of badlands, and not very many people, and so you can go out there and
find a lot of stuff. How would you look at me? When faced with a parent suffering from Alzheimer's, most of us respond with denial or extreme efforts at prevention. But global health expert and TED Fellow
Alanna Shaikh sees it differently. She's taking three concrete steps to prepare for the moment -- should it arrive -- when she herself gets Alzheimer's disease. And in fact if you look closely, right here,
you can see it says, "U.S. Peace Corps." And it's going to pass us so close that it's actually going to come underneath our weather satellites. And maybe that's where we need to go in the future, when we
take democracy beyond anatomy, is to think less about the individual body, in terms of the identity, and think more about those relationships. Women are getting college degrees at a faster rate than men. Now,
in those situations, wouldn't it be great if there was a button on your dashboard that you could push, and the car would get you home safely? And I wonder if some of you will notice the construction of
the sentence from "The Great Gatsby." You could play games with it. You could program it in BASIC. BF: Thank you guys! I'll quickly play a short part of the air, and then I'm going to get into kind of a crazy
tune that is very difficult to play when you're not warmed up, so, if I mess it up, pretend you like it That's why I said the debate has to get more sophisticated. And what we need is something that replicates
me globally, because I haven't slept in seven years. That's wonderful, but we should also remember that we should have a similar process happening on the inside. I knew there was more open water. And I had
a secret weapon up my sleeve. In Discover Magazine, I'm an investigative puzzle maker. Let's look at a specific video so you can see how it works. Not appropriate. No. No. You had this same thing in America,
it was called the Timex Sinclair1000. I thought everybody had a job like that. In total, I found 185 products. And we open the refrigerator and we feel that we decide what to eat. these are behavior problems. It
could have looked like shop windows on Fifth Avenue at Christmas, but because of the way that Andrew connected with the McQueen team, he was channeling the rawness and the brilliance of McQueen, and the
show was quite transcendant, and it became a phenomenon in its own right. While I was preparing my dog for the run, a man was finishing drinking at a bar, picked up his car keys, got into a car and headed
south, or wherever he was. So here are three things I know to be true. However the first thing that I needed was mosquito repellent typography because they were definitely around heavily. We propose 10. So
I'm going to place this on a hot plate that is set to a temperature only slightly higher than ambient and you can see what happens. Yep, you guessed it. He threw tennis balls to all the neighborhood dogs,
analyzed the saliva, identified the dog, and confronted the dog owner. And one great example that you'll appreciate: During a snowstorm in Baltimore several years ago, the guy on our campus with this Howard
Hughes Medical Institute grant literally came back to work in his lab after several days, and all these students had refused to leave the lab. There's certainly no quick security fix. Well, we collect data
from satellites, from airplanes, from ground vehicles, from people. So imagine this: What about a robot accessory for your cellphone? Suddenly dozens of gharial appearing on the river, dead. It's applying
for legal, banking and medical jobs, and getting some of them. Which means that, while we all have one biography, I want this morning to talk about the story, the biography -- or rather the biographies
-- It doesn't, I agree, look very much. And it wasn't because of my attending; he was a doll. I didn't want to make it different from the men, but it was different, because this was the way I was different. The
question is, which of these horizontal lines is longer? In the midst of the wreckage at Ground Zero, I had a realization. It's different from being shy. So it's not simply a Western phenomenon. animals,birds,collaboration,global
issues,ocean,oceans,science astronomy,history,innovation,science,technology What I am always thinking about is what this session is about, which is called simplicity. What do you think we eat per day? Half
a pound. Mother went into a coma. The current king of the romantics, who approaches his work in a very different fashion. So, an optimal diet is low in fat, low in the bad carbs, high in the good carbs and
enough of the good fats. And I have to ask the question -- VC's always ask, "Sir, what is your business, and who is your customer?" Isn't it weird? You know, if collaboration is so cool, is cross-functional
working is so amazing, why did we build these huge hierarchies? What's going on? If you don't get this pacemaker, you will be dead. Jews are very interested in forgiveness and how we should start anew and
start afresh. Would you spend your remaining 20 dollars on a ticket? It means soldiers are not needed to patrol our streets. If they don't have any damage, they go to the grocery. And as a special treat, he
took me to the pathology lab and took a real human brain out of the jar and placed it in my hands. Ask my sister, she is the witch, she knows everything. And I truly believe that this can happen. And if this
continues, we are unlikely to be able to stop the climate changing, even after we have eliminated the use of fossil fuels. All of these girls went to the gold mine, and they were predominantly prostitutes
doing other things. You see it especially in the workplace, especially from boss to employee. The key to our domination of the planet is culture, What a company. It represents hope. It represents potential. And
it was at the height of the Cold War. We actually managed to drown two million dollars' worth of camera gear. And while I'm okay now, I wouldn't wish this gift for you. and it isn't looking good. As you can
see, one of our parties, you know, a few years ago. My mom says, "Gloria Steinem." Pawan Sinha on how brains learn to see And that suddenly, people, en masse, were leaving scores and scores of digital footprints
online that told stories of their private lives. Let's call them the killer apps. And we said, "Well, there's another option. Captive breeding will be a major part of bringing back these species. Why is this
important? Because this is so much more sensitive. send them on if you want to -- they're always welcome. In a neutral state, they won't bind at all. And that shores up our economy, makes it stable. Are we
going to work with 6.9 billion consumers? You're not going to get away from that. I personally thought it was betrayal. The stories that we want to know, and the stories that do exist about positive tales. And
if you look at the top left, you see a little teeny dark dot. Now, Einstein does say it best when we ask her. You may already know some of the big-picture aspects: globally, more camera phones were sold
last year than any other kind of camera, and a growing number of people live lives mediated through the lens, and over the network -- and sometimes enter history books. But I -- it took me about -- it took
me about, I'd say, six months to finally figure out all the little things. Going back to the beginning of our country -- historically, defenses meant protection of the homeland. Well, if that's the problem,
then that's much easier. Because A, we can make it easy, and B, we can maybe give people a reason to act today, rather than wait till tomorrow. Be prepared to find vocations that make you useful to your
neighbors and to your fellow citizens. Now, the reason they used punch cards was that Jacquard, in France, had created the Jacquard loom, which was weaving these incredible patterns controlled by punch
cards, so he was just repurposing the technology of the day, and like everything else he did, he's using the technology of his era, so 1830s, 1840s, 1850s, cogs, steam, mechanical devices. Ironically,
born the same year as Charles Babbage was Michael Faraday, who would completely revolutionize everything with the dynamo, transformers, all these sorts of things. So freight costs aren't our biggest problem. and
the reason for that is because we have a belief engine in our brains. So we can then predict where management places should be. They want to say, "There I was, I was standing there and I had it all suddenly
clear in my head." But in fact, if you go back and look at the historical record, it turns out that a lot of important ideas have very long incubation periods -- And there is a very nice spiral up in the
upper left. Stop the use of incense and candles. "What do you want to do in a village? And zapped horribly, pathetically. So we have a whole bunch of them at our museum. others would slink into the back of
the tank and disappear in the rocks, The band "OK Go" dreamed up the idea of a massive Rube Goldberg machine for their next music video -- and Adam Sadowsky's team was charged with building it. He tells
the story of the effort and engineering behind their labyrinthine creation that quickly became a YouTube sensation. Maybe God doesn't do things at all. Three: Is the Middle Eastern character being played
by one? because very, very few things are impossible to achieve if we really put our whole minds to it. It's kind of living. It's about the size of a mini marshmallow. To conclude, there are also other applications
at the horizon. It's serving the purpose of illumination, but at the same time, we are able to transmit this data. We went back to Afghanistan, because the next year was coming, and we wanted to support. Because
I had just been in the Falkland Islands taking pictures of penguins. Interviewer: Are you going to do that soon? Is there somebody -- We're born for them. For the first time, an ecoscape as large as ocean-scale,
showing where the sharks go. Now, I have shared this story with you as an example of what can happen to participants in the clinical trial when it is poorly conducted. First principles, this is very important. They
weren't even allowed to form a party. A very supportive friend of mine, a well-wisher of mine, used to give me every month, 2,000 rupees for vegetables. -- disapprove of our sex lives and so on. Astronomers
and cosmologists and physicists think that there is something called dark matter in the universe, which makes up 23 percent of the universe, and something called dark energy, which permeates the fabric
of space-time, that makes up another 73 percent. And I started explaining why I was there in Africa, and they got very excited when they saw the Cantor set. It's going to be very challenging to deal with. Now
is the time when it's ripe -- ripe for the picking. There's a lot of vulnerable people out there. It's very exciting. It appeals to pity. It appeals to something called charity. Pleo, wake up. Pleo, come
on. So here is the bottom line. And it's the first -- I had just gotten these new sprinting legs that you see in that bio, and I didn't realize at that time that the amount of sweating I would be doing in
the sock -- it actually acted like a lubricant and I'd be, kind of, pistoning in the socket. And I think it's important that the individuals, who are in that fortunate position, do not end up competing
for bigger and bigger boats, and bigger and bigger cars, but, you know, use that money to either create new jobs or to tackle issues around the world. And when we launch these technologies to patients we
want to make sure that we ask ourselves a very tough question. And this orange line here marks the typical songs of east coast humpbacks. And we do this because we actually believe that silicon technology
today is mostly about It's about the fastest and the most efficient and the most dazzling gadget you can have, while about two-thirds of the world can hardly reach the most basic of this technology to
even address fundamental needs in life, including health care, education and all these kinds of very fundamental issues. [Clapping] And it's getting louder and louder and they circle and circle And I'm
just saying, "No way." Now, let's look at culture, the phenomenon of human culture. Yeah, at least it is now possible to do some vacuuming. This thing can be stuck, like that little green triangle up there,
sort of symbolizing this right now. So in origami, to obey these laws, we can take simple patterns -- like this repeating pattern of folds, called textures -- and by itself it's nothing. In this case, supposedly,
these messages are hidden in electronic phenomena. And security is another issue. and if we reduce the oxygen concentration, we will all be dead. So it was traumatizing, actually. children,economics,education,food,global
issues,green The current health crisis, however, is a little more the work of the evil empire. All around the world climates are mixed up. And you can have a hundred million of these homes, and it's great
because they suck carbon. This is Fourier's law of heat conduction. And I hope you all take part. So here we have a line and a point outside the line. I mix them together, add a little bit of salt water, and
then add this long strand I was telling you about, that I've stolen from a virus. And then what happens is, you heat this whole thing up to about boiling. You cool it down to room temperature, and as you
do, what happens is those short strands, they do the following thing: each one of them binds that long strand in one place, and then has a second half that binds that long strand in a distant place, and
brings those two parts of the long strand close together so that they stick together. And the first song I wrote was in English, and the second one was in Chinese. And it cost Nokia absolutely nothing. Well
linguistic scripts can actually encode multiple languages. You have to focus their attention on something because so many things happen. this isn't why she became a teacher. Steve Badylak -- who's at the
University of Pittsburgh -- about a decade ago had a remarkable idea. And I have to tell you that it was a disturbing night for me. That's what he's known for, his hospitality. The junk food industry is really
great at pressing our pleasure buttons and figuring out what's the most pleasurable. And he has a history of these trucks, and he's moved these bees up and down the coast. Tech enthusiast Kevin Kelly asks
"What does technology want?" and discovers that its movement toward ubiquity and complexity is much like the evolution of life. But this is -- I just want to emphasize -- locally funded, locally built. I
want to mention that, first of all, my wife, without whom this talk and my work would not be possible, so thank you very much. Well what I will say to you in parting is that we may have done that. And yet,
when you look at the base of a Redwood tree, you're not seeing the organism. It's a total media circus. Turns out sometimes, you have to trick teenagers into writing poetry. It had underground all the data and
they wondered at what age I would start covering my hair. The effect of El Sistema is felt in three fundamental circles: in the personal/social circle, in the family circle and in the community. And this
has already saved millions of lives, and it has prevented entire economies from capsizing in Sub-Saharan Africa. And the reason is, it's about appreciation and it's about contribution. You can only feel
so much by yourself. This is a predatory mite -- just as small as a spider mite, by the way, one millimeter, two millimeters long, not more than that, running quickly, hunting, chasing the spider mites. And
it's not just Internet or no Internet. Whereas the passive recipient doesn't make the prediction, feels the full blow. Jay Bradner: Open-source cancer research Anyway, here I was progressing with my new clubs. It
turns out, A, it's useful, and for a geek like me, it's fun. We can see all the way out to the edge of the observable universe, all the way back in time, almost to the moment of the Big Bang itself. Because
what the facts are telling us is that the long, slow journey, humanity's long, slow journey of equality, is actually speeding up. And, not surprisingly, they tell you that all this was done by Marduk. So
at one point, my brother-in-law gets up the courage to ask the one question he really wants to know the answer to, and that is: how could you have done it? But the one thing I want you to notice about them
is this: even though this is a very long list, there isn't a single thing on it that involves other human beings. So they just started spreading this on the land around, and the combination of that and
the elevated humidity had quite a dramatic effect on the local area. Today, 6,800 of those are extinct, no longer to be seen again. Thelma Golden: How art gives shape to cultural change There are some great
examples out there of schools -- the New York Times just talked about a school recently. Number three, the 99 stones all have within them a mechanism that self-updates. It's a civilizational story to begin
with. Computers and the programming languages that we talk to them in, that we teach them in, are hideously insensate when it comes to space. They don't understand real world space. And certainly, neither
Crick or I were chemists, so we tried to build a model. And he knew, Francis knew Wilkins. And we got more productive because we didn't have to exchange floppy disks; we could update each other more often. What
are the sorts of things that people talk about across disciplines? Right? But, you know, he's reasonably good looking, but... They took out two of my broken ribs, and they rebuilt my back, L1, they rebuilt
it, they took out another broken rib, they fused T12, L1 and L2 together. So, I grew up in this neighborhood. When I was 15 years old, I went from being what I think was a strapping young athlete, over
four months, slowly wasting away until I was basically a famine victim with an unquenchable thirst. The 99 references the 99 attributes of Allah in the Koran, things like generosity and mercy and foresight
and wisdom and dozens of others that no two people in the world would disagree about. 1939, that's when they discovered oil. What this is now is a real simulation. That's what I want to show you now. This
is not a movement for those people that are going to sort themselves out anyway. Never try to be better than someone else, always learn from others. Never cease trying to be the best you can be -- that's
under your control. Actually, I underestimated the atrocities, I have to admit. Think about yin and yang. As a result, I knew I needed to make my own stories about this experience, new narratives to reclaim
my identity. The difference is that when you lost the ticket you say to yourself, I'm not paying twice for the same thing. We are sharing with them whatever we have. How are they doing it? Well, they're rolling
them in a straight line. There was one held in Detroit here last summer, and it will be held again next summer, at the Henry Ford. Did that require, as an architect, a new way of thinking about what you
were doing? The officer was just sitting on it and was demanding around 3,000 rupees in bribes. Go from 3,000 to 2,000, from 1,500 to 1,000. This is a team of bloggers from around the world. Let's consider
for a while the option of monotasking. If I was a person who were interested in preserving religious faith, I would be very afraid of the positive power of evolutionary science, and indeed science generally,
but evolution in particular, to inspire and enthrall, precisely because it is atheistic. As just a second example: these pyramidal cells, large cells, they can span a significant fraction of the brain. It
could share information looking down at a screen. So an impatient concern for water quality would raise a tadpole bureaucrat in a sample of water in which they're interested. They need political solutions. So,
what did you do, last time you got serious? and amazingly, we still live in a world where some women don't have them. Torture, very funny. This one is really moving for me because it's the story of a girl
who has been raised in Iran to walk on an Israeli flag to enter her school every morning, and now that she sees the posters that we're sending, she starts -- she said that she changed her mind, and now
she loves that blue, she loves that star, and she loves that flag, talking about the Israeli flag, and she wished that we'd meet and come to visit one another, and just a few days after I posted the first
poster. It doesn't. And I say, that is your problem. It's because he didn't know that his son needed to hear it. So this means that the system as a whole suddenly starts to show a behavior which cannot be
understood or predicted by looking at the components of the system. Each of our bodies is utterly unique, which is a lovely thought until it comes to treating an illness -- when every body reacts differently,
often unpredictably, to standard treatment. Tissue engineer Nina Tandon talks about a possible solution: Using pluripotent stem cells to make personalized models of organs on which to test new drugs and
treatments, and storing them on computer chips. Now why would this kind of fetal learning be useful? And that insured that we could move this forward and it would have both the self-interest of Kiribati
as well as the self-interest of the world. We all know of them, but nevertheless -- the Arabs say, "The dogs may bark, but the caravan moves on." Steve Sillett, when he was a 19-year-old college student
at Reed College, had heard that the Redwood forest canopy is considered to be a so-called Redwood desert. Two pairs of stockings for school, each to hide the holes in the other. I mean, if you had to solve
one of these problems, Chris, which would you solve? Terrorism or poverty? He knows exactly what the problem is, and he knows exactly how to deal with it, and the dance is this transition behavior that
allows them to reorientate themselves. I wrote this one, and I put this up because of Einstein today. You can see a few of them are swarming around the cursor right now. And she actually, of course -- I'm
here, she passes. But they're less likely to stick. And thank goodness we were just too young, rebellious and contrarian at the time. It's self-organizing. There is no great central organization that pushes
this; people just pick up an idea and they run with it, and they implement it where they are. I mean, just incredible to see bunches of gharial basking on the river again. So, can we improve that? Well the
idea is we take this device that I'm wearing, and we put it on 600 patients with heart failure, randomly assigned, versus 600 patients who don't have active monitoring, Jessica Lynch never planned on shooting
back. Brian Cox on CERN's supercollider Compare that to the secondhand smoke debate -- probably about 20 years behind. And I know many of you, kind of, last time afterwards said well, that was a cool thing
to have -- those airbags. The survey takes over a day. We've been here before with energy, and people saying the economy cannot withstand a switch, because the cheapest energy was slavery. Most people instinctively
avoid conflict, but as Margaret Heffernan shows us, good disagreement is central to progress. She illustrates how the best partners aren’t echo chambers -- and how great research teams, relationships and
businesses allow people to deeply disagree. Now we can take away this -- and I would like to show you the rate of speed, the rate of change, how fast they have gone. So I found out the name of every official
on both the Korean and American side, and I photographed them, and told them how famous they were going to be when this book was done. I could whiz around and feel the wind in my face again. ED: This is
one of the traditional Kymaerican songs. And in those 50 years, not only did we literally, physically set foot on the moon, but we have dispatched robotic spacecraft to all the planets -- all eight of them
-- and we have landed on asteroids, we have rendezvoused with comets, and, at this point in time, we have a spacecraft on its way to Pluto, the body formerly known as a planet. James H Kunstler dissects
suburbia You can do bigger things. You can do gears and nuts and bolts -- that you can buy at Whole Foods. And so what that means is the kind of things that we used to only talk about at science fiction
conventions like Comic-Con have to be talked about in the halls of power and places like the Pentagon. And I think that this is really the origin of what you and I call "love at first sight." And I said,
"Yes." And she said, "Well, you don't have to do that again." And I said, "..." And then she said, "But how does it happen when a man and woman are together? How disgusting. Notice that the fact that the
concept of health is open, genuinely open for revision, does not make it vacuous. But then Paul got in the water. So what we are doing right now with computers with the energy consumed by 1,200 houses, the
brain is doing with the energy consumed by your laptop. Duh! 66 percent of the students, two-thirds, prefer to be in the course where they have the opportunity to change their mind. Or if they do have our
interests at heart, we worry that they don't know us well enough to figure out what they need to do They don't have the time to get to know us. But what we're actually seeing is that we actually more than
keep up with it. Do you remember the face of Muti, at the beginning? And of course, it wasn't actually a working mine anymore, because, though Ray was a miner there, the mine had closed and had been reopened
as a kind of tourist attraction, because, of course, it can't compete on the scale of operations which are happening in South America, Australia, wherever. Now, why is that a good thing to do? And he said,
"You know, the immune system is good at detecting invaders -- bacteria coming from outside -- but when it's your own tissue that you've grown, it's a whole different thing." We happen to have number three
and number four," we tell the subject. This is a bit of a difficult choice, because neither one is preferred strongly to the other, but naturally, people tend to pick number three because they liked it
a little better than number four. CA: All right, let's see that video then, because this is actually amazing when you think about it. This is in fact, this beautiful photograph, is in fact over the Amazon. Injectable
collagen -- or, since the '70s, collagen from pigs -- has been used for injecting into wrinkles. And my responsibilities are to simply try and keep up and give an honest account of what it's like to be
these people, for one day in their life. A sense of place: your ability to create places that are meaningful and places of quality and character depends entirely on your ability to define space with buildings,
and to employ the vocabularies, grammars, syntaxes, rhythms and patterns of architecture in order to inform us who we are. Rather, our response is conditioned on our beliefs, about what they really are,
what they came from, what they're made of, what their hidden nature is. Well, free pizzas! You should be treated better than the people who succeed. So one of the things that I do is I actually look through
my server logs very carefully. but also -- and I'm aware of the irony here -- as an expert myself, as a professor, as somebody who advises prime ministers, heads of big companies, international organizations,
but an expert who believes that the role of experts needs to change, that we need to become more open-minded, more democratic and be more open to people rebelling against our points of view. This is somehow
appealing to human greed instead of fear -- that more is better. There are many people who think that the animal world is hard-wired and that there's something very, very special about man. There are just
three simple rules. And I said, "Okay. Grandiose sense of self-worth." Many believe driving is an activity solely reserved for those who can see. Because each of us contains our entire gene code of where
we've been for the past billion years, because we've evolved from that stuff, you can take that tree of life and collapse it back, But most of the people in the world in slavery live in those places where
the costs are lowest. I want to share it, to do formation flights. Actually, life forms produce things that kill themselves. Look what I found. The result of which is kids think they're going to die if they
don't have chicken nuggets. So if we have the political and financial foresight to sustain our investments, we will master these and new tools of vaccinology, So, how do you do imitation? Why is imitation
important? To paraphrase Franklin Roosevelt from a different context, the greatest thing we have to fear is fear itself. because every single one of them is hacking something about it. Back to Yad Vashem
three years ago. After all this episode began, Yad Vashem decided to rebuild completely the historic museum because now Washington was built -- the Holocaust Museum in Washington -- and that museum is
so much more comprehensive in terms of information. I lived in India. She lived in America. And there is 10 thousand times more sunlight than we need. The Lakota are one of many tribes that were moved off
their land to prisoner of war camps now called reservations. So we call this the slicer mode. But it's fundamentally different than what's happening in classrooms right now. And this really cool experiment
was done about 200 miles south of there, in Northern Alabama, by the Tennessee Valley Authority. It can withstand a 400G shock. The robot has local intelligence: it can flip itself over, can get itself
into communication range, can go upstairs by itself, et cetera. Here's the key question. Here, all this food comes off this farm, and at the end of the season there is actually more soil, more fertility
and more biodiversity. So what is between thinking and doing? They lack retention; you find yourself re-explaining concepts three months later, wholesale. Take away land speculation, price of land drops. And
so it would be sort of approximately up there, coming out of the animal kingdom. And if we were to do that, we would find out -- we could actually approach technology in this way. Or Richard McCormack's
Southern tube station in London, where you can really see the sky, even though you are under the ground. Thank you Bill Gates and thank you Ma. And we realized that there was a giant chasm between the state
of the art of technology in 2004 and where we needed it to be. He's a great guy. You want to work for him. Well, having completed this, we have the opportunity to step back and reflect on some of the things. Now,
that's exactly the kind of process that I'm interested in, when we're thinking about sustainable materials. So my mom and Charles had this great relationship where they'd send those sorts of things back
and forth to one another. And there was a day about seven years ago: I was planting potatoes, it was the first week of May -- this is New England, when the apple trees are just vibrating with bloom; they're
just white clouds above. Before making my own Mother's Day card, I thought I would take a look at the Scratch website. I choose to be happy. And all this time, I never saw a single rat in any of these places,
until recently, when I was in the London sewers. a lot of the reason why cities are growing very quickly. I said, "Was it a problem for you in your life that you were not beautiful?" So for example, one guy
from Uganda says this. I don't think that this transdisciplinary discourse is automatically going to happen; it's going to require effort. I couldn't imagine anybody laying in the snow He apparently reversed
an irreversible hypothermia. Children were designing solutions for a diverse range of problems. and just as the concentrations go up, we can increase the amount of geo-engineering. And in the MRI and MR spectroscopy
here, the prostate tumor activity is shown in red -- you can see it diminishing after a year. and has got to be sorted. Too much rain falls on some areas, and not enough on others. you send one message and
it goes out to everybody, and you receive the messages you're interested in. -- years and years, oftentimes. And so that's how this all operates. But I do believe that we should be also very clear that now
when we put the transparency at the center of politics where the message is that transparency is stupid. Is it just imaginary? He told me that, of bin Laden's many crimes, this was, in his mind, one that
didn't get enough attention, that he took this word, this beautiful idea. The combined light from these beetles -- these are actually tiny beetles -- is so bright that fishermen out at sea can use them
as navigating beacons to find their way back to their home rivers. It's stunning. It's really a network in the literal sense of the word. They control pests, And she said, "Well, you know, I think I'd kind
of like to live my whole life in the cave." Back then, 15 years ago, we didn't have the ability to look inside the living human brain and track development across the lifespan. But there are two things at
heart that I think drive a conservative philosophy that are really relevant to this whole debate. So his perception of your emotional states is very important for machines to effectively become empathetic. [When]
they get up to 90-percent child survival, then families decrease, and most of the Arab countries in the Middle East is falling down there [to small families]. KF: So he's pretty frank about it not being
new. So they formed a White House task force, and they spent about three years arguing about who takes how much responsibility in the global supply chain. You're seeing the tuxedos, the bouquets. we're employing
1,600 mentor mothers, You could stick it on the front of a T-shirt, which is always the sign of elegance. And similar topography. And this is something we commonly do to look for respiratory viruses like
influenza. But if that's it and that becomes the reason that renewables don't get invested in, then, long-term, we're screwed anyway, right? It doesn't have to be in the closet." I became a member of Treatment
Action Campaign and I'm very proud to be a member of that incredible organization. So, they are using the same winds. HR: So there you go. That's the Russians planting a flag on the ocean bottom to stake
a claim for minerals under the receding Arctic sea ice. And then -- a delicate dance between dinner and death -- the mycelium is consumed by the ants, they become mummified, and, boing, a mushroom pops
out of their head. You can break up the material, for example, into these short, modular units of eight to 12 minutes, each of which represents a coherent concept. and the catch is that this system is destined
to collapse. It takes us years to understand how to do that with dinosaurs. And people are very resistant to ideas, and rightly so. Why should new ideas be accepted? Too often, says David Agus cancer treatments
have a short-sighted focus on individual cells. He suggests a new, cross-disciplinary approach, using atypical drugs, computer modeling and protein analysis to diagnose and treat the whole body. Well, you
are to ride a bicycle, carrying your own weight and also some other weight, so that you can earn the bread for the day. So what's that about? and it's probably not very popular yet with some of you sitting
in this audience. One day I remember walking along a street that had just been colored, and where we were in the process of planting trees, when I saw a shopkeeper and his wife putting a glass facade to
their shop. They had thrown the old shutter in the garbage collection place. "I love how they were able to preserve most in everything that makes you feel close to nature -- butterflies, man-made forests,
limestone caves and hey, even a huge python." We're going to try this at lunch, and I'll explain a bit more about it, but it's made not only with two types of pre-doughs -- this attempt, again, at bringing
out flavor is to make a piece of dough the day before that is not leavened. It was just the right distance from its star to contain huge oceans of open water. And deep beneath those oceans, at cracks in
the Earth's crust, you've got heat seeping up from inside the Earth, and you've got a great diversity of elements. If you're not a food expert, and you've got tight budgets and it's getting tighter, then
you can't be creative, you can't duck and dive and write different things around things. It's the clothing, the skin, without the presence of the character. It's not just in the poor world that poop can
save lives. Dopamine system, the wanting system, is much more centralized. This is looking at data from the paper about 20 years ago, but it's true today. But sometime ago, through the help of an opthamologist
colleague of mine, Carmen Puliafito, who developed a laser scanner of the retina, I found out the the following. If I scan my retina through the horizontal plane that you see there in the little corner,
what I get is the following. And there was a little study about people who don't handshake, and comparing them with ones who do handshake. And they are caught and they are on the market. if you reference
companies I've heard of, or basic items in your business, I want to know about them. Things that I can relate to: validators, or anything that tells me somebody else has approved this, or there's outside
validation. You know, about a million years ago, a bunch of monkeys fell out of trees, got a little clever, harnessed fire, invented the printing press, made, you know, luggage with wheels on it. KF: That's
a great question. Boy: Man, if I had one, too fuckin' right. And I want to say that it is a liberating thing to realize that that is no obstacle to compassion -- following on what Fred Luskin says -- that
these flaws just make us human. And I can't emphasize that enough, you know. And only one contrary data point can blow your theory out of the water. But you need to have process and content to create the
meaning. or rejects the split -- neither player is paid and the game is over. So how do organizations think? So that's exactly the same concept. So, I want just to end saying that you can always propose new
materials -- new sustainable materials -- but keep in mind that we have to work fast you dip it, you develop the color, And I did not really hear anything. I did not know anything. It runs out of space. They
don't know what's coming, but they'll hear something off the cuff. It looks harmless enough. The stories that we tell -- what we push out -- becomes who we are. There is a side that leads the front-line discussion,
and there is a side that leads the back-line discussion. You know, ratings in the 70s on a 100-point scale. That seems right, I'll go on. Cookie fission, OK. And what was so amazing to me, and what fits right
in with what we're all talking about here at TED, is that there, right in the middle of this rainforest, was some solar panels -- the first in that part of Ecuador -- and that was mainly to bring water
up by pump so that the women wouldn't have to go down. And again, we had to fly to the Jovian system to get any sense that this moon, as most moons, was anything other than a dead ball of rock. There's no
hot water. and freedom was a very important political value at the time. And in cheesecake and all kinds of desserts, like chocolate mousse, tiramisu, vanilla pudding, everything that's cooled in the supermarket,
there's gelatin to make it look good. Some of them are from the northern hemisphere; some are from the entire globe. People would literally mail him changes that they'd agreed on, and he would merge them
by hand. People have died trying to do this kind of thing. What it means is the mother and child stay under the bed net at night, DH: Next session? We want to minimize the distance. We want to contract that
gap. This tuna symbolizes what's the problem for all of us in the room. Mushrooms are very fast in their growth. And music, of course. Just listening to music is good for you, if it's music that's made with
good intention, made with love, generally. In many ways, this is a great success story of human civilization, of the agricultural surpluses that we set out to achieve 12,000 years ago. We can call it the
"engineering approach," and I claim that the engineering approach is within range. You know what to do, even though Kleiber is not conducting you. Vusi Mahlasela sings "Thula Mama" TEEB has more than a dozen
separate groups of solutions including protected area evaluation and payments for ecosystem services and eco-certification and you name it, but these are the favorites. So that's what the mastery of fear
can do -- not only faced with machine guns, but if you meet a knife fight in the street. And I had my hand up with lots of other people, and you took two more questions. He had to come in like a truck, a
semi, with this thing." And then someone built this -- this is the Smith Tower in Seattle. She is the head of the Council of Fashion Designers of America, and she has told her constituency that she is going
to get copyright protection for fashion designs. A group of dedicated young men and women walk very slowly out across vast areas of Africa, looking for small fragments of bone, fossil bone, that may be
on the surface. And finally I made it into the rain machine because this forest is now creating its own rain. But do things that you love. But just very quickly -- we'll just see if I can do this quick. Nobody
wants to buy a mini well when they buy a car. The west coast calls became more and more popular, until by 1998, none of the whales sang the east coast song; it was completely gone. Each card box is one billion
people. And the deck is a gift to you after, so let the skepticals here, in this, examine them, right? Remind me. It's a gift. PP: I keep trying to explain to people, it's not about the quality at the moment
-- the quality is coming. This is the result that has been replicated over and over again. Just so proud. YR: Yeah. I did try in [the] clouds, but you lose [orientation completely]. Realizing that it's difficult
to get loans in this environment, you're doing business with people you trust, in your local markets. Everything goes into it. with British double-decker buses. Because my father himself, and my three uncles,
in World War II, were all conscientious objectors, all pussycats. But when I split it, when I split it into country bubbles, the size of the bubbles here is the population. We've spent the last couple of
years pondering this, making a list of the different things that we had to do, and so we developed a new technology, It's software and hardware, that actually can generate thousands and thousands of genetically
diverse stem cell lines to create a global array, essentially avatars of ourselves. And we trawl, which means to take something the size of a tractor trailer truck that weighs thousands and thousands of
pounds, put it on a big chain, and drag it across the sea floor to stir up the bottom and catch the fish. I really like turning the pages of the Old Testament." Whatever it may be, you know the kind of
thing I'm talking about -- people who are attracted to the ritualistic side, the moralistic, communal side of religion, but can't bear the doctrine. I've been covering the Palestinian-Israeli conflict since
1981. And it's a lively and a lovely place, but we're rapidly changing the oceans with our -- not only with our overfishing, our irresponsible fishing, our adding of pollutants like fertilizer from our
cropland, but also, most recently, with climate change, and Steve Schneider, I'm sure, will be going into greater detail on this. But this technology could not find tumors when they're small, Middle World. So
here's a neonatal intensive care unit where moms come in to visit their babies. Voice: Hey, Kismet, ah, there it is. Well, my opinion is, fine. Okay? Lewis Pugh: Ten seconds to swim. Ten seconds to swim. And
he put these two bridges with pink guardrails on it. And if I -- if I'm not interested in something, I don't grasp it. It affects the diameter and then can turn to the left, turn to the right. If you stub
your toe, that's a one A "argh." The whole thing is amazing, and so don't you all go reinventing yourselves any time soon. Two weeks ago, I never really knew whether it worked. So there's different categorizations
of meals eaten outside empty train stations, empty gas stations. One, two, three. Go! Wall-E's was to find the beauty. But her suffering is equal to mine. Ask ourselves, "Is that really going to make me happier?
Truly?" Grandma.com would be a recipe for biscuits and spit-bath instructions. Telegraph? No. The reason it's important is because this is a very special time in history. And we are moving into the new world. So,
sorry -- it just feels like I should be doing stand-up up here because of the setting. Second, once you know what the target that's driving you is and you uncover it for the truth -- you don't form it;
you uncover it -- then you find out what's your map, what's the belief systems that are telling you how to get those needs. And in my game, that means you overgesticulate. But then, of course, the body has
many parts, and things grow at different rates, and they have different sizes and different people; however, not so with the interior. That's very good. And the way we react to them has changed radically
over the centuries, as have our preferences for them. And another title would be "Liop an da lapa," the unwieldy beast with two fins. Anyway, so one of the things that I bought at the magic store was this:
Tannen's Mystery Magic Box. And I'm going to take this blade of steel, and push it down through my body of blood and flesh, and prove to you that the seemingly impossible is possible. This is the national
palace -- the equivalent of the White House. And then she said, "But how does it happen when a man and woman are together? Actually, I put marijuana in everything I cooked -- -- and I had access to all the
best girls. It was fabulous. economics,fish,mission blue,oceans,science You know, it's the first time that we're going to have a chance to have planetary redundancy, a chance to, if you would, back up the
biosphere. DH: That's right. And that's where I work. I create mathematical objects, symmetrical objects, using Galois' language, in very high dimensional spaces. Now the boy crisis is this idea that very
young boys, for whatever reason, are doing worse in school than very young girls, We're not going to talk about the hairstyles that they tried to force on me once my hair grew back. And we should be very
alert to this. But in fact, mostly they're just hanging around in there. Now, let me mention one thing: I want to ask you all to consider for a second the very simple fact that, by far, most of what we know
about the universe comes to us from light. So think about how wonderfully convenient and lazy So it provides certain areas for perception and image-making. In 2010, we had just short of two billion people
online, connected. This is a 3D printer. I'm not sure if I can show you what tolerance looks like, but I can show you what compassion looks like -- because it is visible. Now, I had an amazing experience.
I was 45 years old, I'd been conducting for 20 years, and I suddenly had a realization. The conductor of an orchestra doesn't make a sound. My picture appears on the front of the CD -- -- but the conductor
doesn't make a sound. Specifically, I as a person who's been a professional nature photographer my whole adult life, am firmly of the belief that photography, video, film have tremendous powers for helping
us understand and shape the way we think about nature and about ourselves in relationship to nature. We don't notice and don't notice that we don't notice the toxic molecules emitted by a carpet or by the
fabric on the seats. This is a view of the Earth now, if we extract a lot of it. I know I was one of the first 10 people to have this surgery. So this has actually been a little bit startling So the streaks
that you see, all these streaks, are actually distorted images of galaxies that are much further away. If Australia had to send a thousand people tomorrow to West Papua for example, we don't have a thousand
police officers hanging around that could just go tomorrow and we do have a thousand soldiers that could go. Now, I was just a little eight-year-old boy that day when my mama put me out of the car in that
hot Texas cotton field. And the sauce was code in software that we'd written to allow these disparate pieces of technology to come together and work as one. It will make a difference if you were to discover
that the person you're looking at with lust is actually a disguised version of your son or daughter, your mother or father. And he ended up in south Tel Aviv and did not have the good luck to be picked
up by a [unclear] DL: So anyway, we're running out of time, so I'll just get to it. There's Francis up on the upper right, and Alex Rich -- the M.D.-turned-crystallographer -- is next to me. So for him, Studio
H offers him a way to develop the skills he will need as an architect, everything from drafting to wood and metal construction to how to do research for a client. Here, what's spreading from person to person
is not a behavior, but rather a norm: An idea is spreading. It fits into the environment. It is the environment. They put it into worm recomposting systems, which produced a lot of worms, which they fed
to Siberian sturgeon, which produced caviar, which they sold back to the restaurants. and -- it's not just the slides, it's what they mean. And it's how they link together. This particular printer we're
designing now is actually one where we print right on the patient. But when I was here, a lot of my fellow teenagers were in a very different situation, leaving school at a time then of rapidly growing
youth unemployment, and essentially hitting a brick wall in terms of their opportunities. And Bronx literature, it's all about Bronx writers and their stories. Now what we're doing is bringing the CEOs of
these 80 companies together to help twist the arms of the final 20, to bring them to the table, because they don't like NGOs, they've never worked with NGOs, they're concerned about this, they're concerned
about that, but we all need to be in this together. "What would you attempt to do if you knew you could not fail?" asks Regina Dugan, then director of DARPA, the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency.
In this breathtaking talk she describes some of the extraordinary projects -- a robotic hummingbird, a prosthetic arm controlled by thought, and, well, the internet -- that her agency has created by not
worrying that they might fail. What is it that you think about just before you get a condom? When you do this, don't attack people; you attack tactics. What we've targeted for ourselves -- and we're making
great progress for this goal -- is to have a propulsion system based on hydrogen and fuel cells, designed and validated, that can go head-to-head with the internal combustion engine -- we're talking about
obsoleting the internal combustion engine -- and do it in terms of its affordability, add skill volumes, its performance and its durability. You can see the individual structures of the woman. It's a super-waldo
that you happen to be inside of, and if you feel sexy, the car is sexy. And if you're full of road rage, you've got a "Chevy: Like a Rock," right? Student 2: What did you get? What did you get? You can't
understand what is actually happening. As you can see with your own eyes. There are four pictures. with a lot of space. So for example, I'm going to show you a sequence, and I have to say, some of my funding
comes from the military, so I'm showing this classified sequence and you cannot discuss it outside of this room. Okay? Now, personally, I think I'm not the first one who has done this analysis, but I'll
leave this to your good judgment. Here, please. If you push these heaps -- everyone see -- push them together so they are really interlaced, right? Yeah, good. So we tried to come up with a way, as a group,
to have a kind of design SWAT team. And so for me, I know that when the Internet came around and I was doing computer programming and just, you know, just generally trying to run my own little company and
figure out what to do with the Internet and with computers, I was just immediately struck by how the ultimate thing that you would really want to do with the Internet and with computers would be to use
the Internet and connected computers to simulate a world to sort of recreate the laws of physics and the rules of how things went together -- the sort of -- the idea of atoms and how to make things, and
do that inside a computer so that we could all get in there and make stuff. I think it would make a huge difference. Now, Negroponte has been right about a lot of things. He's totally wrong about this one. And
I thought, "What am I thinking? And I'm sitting there -- there are 15 members of the Security Council -- so 14 men sat there staring at me, and I thought -- well you know how we all are. This is a nuclear
waste storage and encapsulation facility at Hanford site in Washington State, I went to my school kitchen, and I said, "Give me the scraps that my school friends have turned their noses up at." In Lebanon,
they do three. In Egypt, they do two. So, imagine how big this is and how much ice is charging out. And when it goes beep, beep, beep, you better do something about it, because if you want to live you have
to get to some medical treatment. 18 more months. Misha Glenny: Anonymous, ladies and gentlemen -- a sophisticated group of politically motivated hackers who have emerged in 2011. like I had been thinking
about way back when, when I was in high school -- Now, you might not be used to thinking of yourself as a metronome, but after all, we do walk like -- I mean, we oscillate back and forth as we walk. Everything
you've seen today is built with the basic building blocks of the web: HTML, CSS and JavaScript. The universe is really big. But freely licensed textbooks are the next big thing in education. This seems puzzling.
But I'm going to argue that you shouldn't be surprised by this, and that to understand this you need to think about health the way than an economist does -- as an investment. Completely unprecedented, historically. But
I think this is actually just the beginning of how we're going to treat cancer. That's what you see here on the right side. You see a scanner technology that first scans the wound on the patient and then
it comes back with the printheads actually printing the layers that you require on the patients themselves. And it had a chilling effect on me. And out of the tops of these tube worms are these beautiful
red plumes. And my father immediately replied that he knew exactly how to bleach it. And the lagoon was surrounded by palm trees, as you can see, and a few mangrove. I think we should do all things, but we
don't. This is a 16th century image to show you how widespread his veneration actually was. And this was a dog that put both his owners in hospital, plus the brother-in-law, plus the child. They've come out
... Arby's is going to spend 85 million dollars promoting an oven mitt with the voice of Tom Arnold, hoping that that will get people to go to Arby's and buy a roast beef sandwich. And it becomes almost
impossible to save lives, educate kids, develop economies, whatever. My name is Noraida. And I'm just -- I'm so thrilled to be part of like your TED conference that you're doing and everything like that. The
kids got to choose which pile of anagrams they would like to do, This baby is so tiny he doesn't have enough fat on his body to stay warm. Issuing an insurance policy against abduction by aliens seems a
pretty safe bet. It's shaping a new way of being. But there is something else that we are all experiencing in this room. And that's a quite clever guy, huh? Watch what happens when the foot goes onto your
sandwich. They don't know anything about you. Wake up. Probably not. So, why do I call this a biologically inspired robot? How would it work? I hope not, because I don't know if I can do 200 more of these
things -- but we're going to do as many as we can. You wouldn't want to say something off-the-cuff that might be used against you." Lion bones and tiger bones look exactly the same, and so in a stroke, the
lion bone industry is going to wipe out all the tigers. Now, we've just tried and -- looked at our character and asked ourselves, "Can we do that ourselves as well?" Because he grew? But the problem with
that is that we realized after a bunch of research that they are amazing at referring people to the nearest clinic or the public health care system, but what happens at the public health care system is
this: these incredibly long lines and too many people who overload the system simply because there's not enough doctors and facilities for the population that's being referred. Right? Good. Although, God
knows, of late, in our hubris, we seem to have drifted away. Well I don't know yet, but I'm sure Najmuddin and his friends, they have it already in mind. I was really lucky to have them all featured on my
Corporation for Public Radio radio show called ThePromisedLand.org. And I always felt that the grandmother had kind of demanded, and insisted, that the villagers treat Hyun-Sook with the same respect they
treated her. Now let me take you back to Parol. With him and with Rosalie, what seems to be going on -- and Rosalie said, "What's going on?" -- and I said that as you lose vision, as the visual parts of
the brain are no longer getting any input, they become hyperactive and excitable, Do you have that? Last in Europe GDP per capita. So it's very easy, comparatively speaking, to be resilient. The prototyping
carts, filled with colored paper and Play-Doh and glue sticks and stuff -- I mean, they do have a bit of a kindergarten feel to them. This is the kind of accuracy that I wanted, replicated every last bone
and put it in. We think we can judge people on their expressions. This is incredible, really. There is a game called Rush Hour. This is one of the true masterpieces in puzzle design besides Rubik's cube. And
yet, roundly defeated in the end by the war in Vietnam. At present, that's not happening in New York City. Is it capable of doing it? The Africans are the green down here. They still remain here. It's a high-strength
polymer. Think about the enormous moral authority of the Dalai Lama -- and it comes from his moral humility. But according to a really great science historian you might know, Peter Galison -- he teaches
at Harvard -- what nanotechnology in particular and quantum physics have brought to designers is this renewed interest, this real passion for design. I'd like to talk about some of the things I've seen
on the front lines of hunger, some of the things I've learned in bringing my economic and trade knowledge and my experience in the private sector. Go back 200 years when the slave trade was under pressure
from William Wilberforce and all the protesters. Now David Attenborough is really a plant lover; The power generation will come from the ocean itself. Architect Norman Foster discusses his own work to show
how computers can help architects design buildings that are green, beautiful and "basically pollution-free." From the 2007 DLD Conference, Munich; www.dld-conference.com And I'm up to my neck in anagnorises
every single day. We're advising various island states in the climate change negotiations, which is suppose to culminate in Copenhagen. And yet these are the very qualities for which men and women have been
honored throughout the generations. Your new joint venture partner might shake your hand, celebrate, go out to dinner with you and then leak an expression of anger. This is the channel that connects the
bladder to the outside of the body. Now, Chris told me that you had a timeline video a few years ago here just to show how video game graphics have been improving. Who are my friends?"; You know, it's local
cooks teaching local people. Here, this guy actually can make himself look like a rock, and, looking at his environment, can actually slide across the bottom, using the waves and the shadows so he can't
be seen. Memetics is morally neutral. And so it should be. Which, when you actually have to design a Beethoven poster, comes in handy, because the visual information of the logo and the actual poster is
exactly the same. So the little table here records how the algebra of these symmetries work. So look at this data. This is from the American National Elections Survey. Do we have the will? So, now I want to
move to sleep. This is me in the middle making faces. Think about all the services we have online. Zoe: Five of diamonds, yeah. And some of that, in fact, is due to the fact that we've had an economic recession. --
and very careful. One of the things that has happened with technology is that it can only be helpful if it is useful, of course, but it can only be helpful too if it's accessible, And in today's world,
being useful, affordable and accessible is not necessarily what happens in a lot of the technology that is done today. Which is why the Scientific Revolution had to have a wider context. The Enlightenment,
a revolution in how people sought knowledge, trying not to rely on authority. You see, we also have the technology. There are about three and a half million people who drive trucks for a living in the United
States. And we came to 1978, and Mao Tse Tung died, and a new guy turned up from the left. You don't tell the Atlantic Ocean to behave. Does this data affect things? Well, let's get back to 2008. This comes
out. This comes out. With the patient insensitive to pain, and a sterile operating field all bets were off, the sky was the limit. It's going to be part-school, part-museum hall, part-conservatory, part-zoo,
and part of an answer to the problem of how you interest kids in science. People keep asking that when they read my book, "The Quark and the Jaguar," Hunting and fishing? What is it? All companies die, all
companies. Right here, right now, I can step into the consciousness of my right hemisphere, where we are. This is a photograph taken about 100 years ago of my grandfather and great-grandfather. So I'm going
to move on. You can't go and order it yet, but this is an area of active inquiry where actually studying women is going to advance the field for women and men. Who said this so beautifully was Mahatma Gandhi,
75 years ago, when he spoke about bread. Within an incredibly short period of time, people living in the German Democratic Republic produced Trabants, the Trabbi, one of the world's worst ever cars, while
people in the West produced the Mercedes Benz. It would be able to translate from one language to another. Now the good news is some of this work has already begun in different parts of the world. "Yeah,
that's the goat goddess right? The Abacazanian? The market reforms prompted by the West -- and I've spent some 15 years traveling around the continent doing research on agricultural markets, and have interviewed
traders in 10 to 15 countries in this continent, hundreds of traders -- trying to understand what went wrong with our market reform. and it turned out to be a game-changer. So our facial appearance is vital
to us as we're trying to project ourselves to the world. They don't even wait for the rest of it. And the cause of death is the broken neck. I'll start with insulin, diabetes medication in the U.S. And they
were threatened by those black ships there, that had been in Tokyo harbor over the last year. So sex can come in lots of different varieties. Here we have food -- that used to be the center, the social core
of the city -- at the periphery. And we've practiced that. And we need to be very attentive and vigilant to thinking about where things that we do may unintentionally prevent them from being able to achieve
their important activities. If you look at the statistical evidence worldwide, there's really no support for the idea that authoritarian governments hold a systematic edge over democracies in terms of economic
growth. So there were all these skills and talents that these seniors had. The first was avoiding the little sins that we all commit every day. Later he renamed it the stethoscope. Eva Vertes -- only 19 when
she gave this talk -- discusses her journey toward studying medicine and her drive to understand the roots of cancer and Alzheimer’s. We've lifted the earth up onto the roofs. But it really changes the way
you think. My archive: 175 films, my 16-millimeter negative, all my books, my dad's books, my photographs. I'd collected -- I was a collector, major, big-time. It's gone. They do not say, "I want better
hot water in the showers. What about Africa? Well, I happened to have been very quick that day, and I said, "Yeah, but a lot less baloney." I don't have the fanciest gadgets at home. The tennis etiquette is,
both the players have to come to the net and shake hands. "But I have a message for the suicide bombers, for those people who've blown themselves up." He was a broken branch grafted onto a different family
tree, not because his parents opted for a different destiny. It's fairly interesting. Is that all? Today I want to tell you about such a device. And lest you think that you all, as the digerati, are more enlightened,
I went to the Apple iPhone app store the other day. biology,culture,exploration,food,health,life,science They had over 75 different kinds of olive oil, including those that were in a locked case that came
from thousand-year-old olive trees. Well, I wasn't so interested in the swimming. Frantz Fanon, who was a psychiatrist from Martinique, said, "Each generation must, out of relative obscurity, discover its
mission, and fulfill or betray it." A bomb fell not far from my car -- well, far enough, but big noise. So what does this mean, as we look back at what has happened in evolution, and as we think about the
place again of humans in evolution, and particularly as we look ahead to the next phase, I would say that there are a number of possibilities. So say if you cut a period stop in half, a full stop, that's
about the size of the whole thing. Who said your job was to think, Spring Wiener? We've determined from the earthquake activity that you're seeing here that the top of that volcano is erupting, so we deploy
the troops. We can change the way we see ourselves in the world. So, how did they get to the United States? You are a hominid three million years ago walking on the plains of Africa. He's dedicated his life
to sustainable design. A week before we got to the workshop, a massive landslide, caused by Hurricane Stan, last October, came in and buried 600 people alive in their village. We all have different preferences,
different needs. She's pregnant and a widow. In Germany, we are pushing the ratification of the UN convention, which is a subsequent convention. This all came from a professor waking up at night to the third
night in a row that his wife's cellphone was beeping because it was running out of battery power. And at the end, you get things like that. it's roughly half the period when we've been fully modern humans
on the planet. Our time-lapse units are in Alaska, the Rockies, Greenland and Iceland, and we have repeat photography positions, that is places we just visit on an annual basis, in British Columbia, the
Alps and Bolivia. So, this is the kind of thing I'm talking about. Because real science is all about critically appraising the evidence for somebody else's position. No one taught her to bend this into a
hook, had shown her how it could happen. TH: And what Penelope says here is even more true. You know, we fought hard to get at least a small Pakistani contingent to come. Senegalese, the young man seated
on the wheelchair here, was once a child soldier, under the General's command, until he disobeyed orders, and the General shot off both his legs. People, for as little as a dollar a day, pick through our
stuff. A lot. My story is actually not about plant propagation, but about pollen itself. Well what percentage of those bombs do you think actually landed inside the 700-acre perimeter of the plant? And I
said as a joke -- as a joke, I said, "I did the math. Verizon has 70 million customers. Can you imagine going to your closet, pulling out a mothball, and chewing on it if you're feeling depressed? Well I
guess I have to now. some things he showed as a celebration at the very end. No reference checks. None of the usual background stuff, no. Okay, so how do you convey all these 10 things in 10 minutes You can't
say, "Hey, I've got high integrity, invest in me!" Right? but also provide a lot of scrutiny, When it gets warm it generates -- it makes redder energy -- I mean, like infra-red, like something that's warm
gives off infra-red. It could help you set goals and track your progress, and it would help motivate you. Aid is the bad instrument, and do you know why? Had I heard right? I'm going to talk about using these
strategies to actually design brain plasticity-based approach to drive corrections in the machinery of a child that increases the competence of the child as a language receiver and user and, thereafter,
as a reader. They go back and solar-electrify their own village. You know, there's a lot of people wondering, "How on earth are they going to make money doing this?" And the answer is: look at the last line. It
reveals itself to you at certain points in the book as well. I guess that's better living through bugs. And when I got to college, you can imagine my surprise when I would go to class and a number of my
professors would say that Ford Motor Company and my family was everything that was wrong with our country. They realized that this was a common cause with the conservation community. They had a "Let's build
a global network" club, and it worked out very well. And, you know, I mean, I'll look at a couple of things like this, but Google is obviously the greatest technology ever invented for navel gazing. And
the connection between body and head often brings those things into union. And right now this is in the Okavango Delta in Botswana. CA: So you want to license this software to publishers to make books as
beautiful as that? We went through a process of elimination and a process of discovery with David, and we ruled out, of course, swapping actors. So all of those penguins had to have the oil meticulously
cleaned from their bodies. And then he took out a third of my quadriceps muscle. And it's made today in these difficult economic times. Let me give you an example. I'm sort of making this claim that there
is a game layer on top of the world, and that it's very important that we build it properly. And don't let them give you anything else first. Temperature: Conventional wisdom says set it low, And finally
also, I never understood this, some people really came up with their own version of the truth. And two magical things happened after he was born. They will tap your Internet connection. It all began when
I was only six years old, and my father taught me that mysterious art of keeping score while listening to baseball games -- So today I'm going to tell you 10 things that you thought everybody knew, but
it turns out they don't. I'll explain it all later, just pay attention to the number at the bottom: plus-7.68245837 minutes that will be my gift to you if I'm successful in my mission. We have to teach kids
that if they're on a diet of refined sugar, they go up and down, just like if they're on a diet of crack. And it caused me to wonder specifically, if we could make new constellations today, what would those
look like? What would those be? The best civil engineers we had, the best planners, We can say that because of them, because of their forefathers, India could get the first engineering college in 1847. In
fact, let's start right now. We can inspire each other. But it's all UVA, So far we've applied for 414 patent claims. on the question of, "What if the IPC scientists are all wrong?" Jason Fried: Why work doesn't
happen at work But what I felt towards the child at that moment was deep affection, but nothing like what I feel for him now, five years later. We'll see the same thing in the economic recession we're having
now. I signed up for something called the Personal Genome Project. Exactly one week's worth of undies is all I put in my suitcase. I could go on about this at great length, but I won't. It spearheaded a cultural
revolution in which artists like Caruso and Bessie Smith were on the same footing. We end up within these filter bubbles, as my friend Eli Pariser calls them, where we see the people we already know and
the people who are similar to the people we already know. The incredible work that made that possible was done here in the U.K. by scientists at Cambridge, and they work in our offices, and I've got a lovely
picture of them here. My translation medium is a very simple basket. So, all we would need to do is to fit a small microchip to every potential illumination device. This landscape shows up today on calendars,
on postcards, in the design of golf courses and public parks and in gold-framed pictures that hang in living rooms from New York to New Zealand. When he comes to the net, you see, his whole face changes. There
are a lot of differences between powerful and powerless people. Now we get to fight about all sorts of other issues. So I'm going to talk today about collecting stories in some unconventional ways. But there's
a far worse danger confronting us. But where I really learned about octopus was in the field, as a filmmaker making films with them, where you're allowed to spend large periods of time with the animals,
seeing octopus being octopus in their ocean homes. What troubles me is not that video game violence is becoming more and more like real life violence, but that real life violence is starting to look more
and more like a video game. It's just a wresting match, but a remarkable activity. So here it is, a crowd-sourced, six-word summary of a thousand TEDTalks at the value of $99.50: "Why the worry? I'd rather
wonder." So I just thought, "I'm going to capture thumbprint, footprint, or whatever traces we leave as humans." Now, this is Dr. Lene Harbott applying electrodes to the head of John Morton. Governor comes
to him one day, actually invites him to come to his office. I'm also convinced that, in an age of computer manipulation, surrealism has become banal, a shadow of its former self. The scene of arrest, the
scene of misidentification, the alibi location. And I just a little bit on each one. And this gap really narrows. So we put this in the basement, and we got really serious about food, like serious experimentation. about
50 percent of men in their 50s and 60s have microscopic prostate cancers, And this information is out there. I tried everything. I went to Kinokuniya. But for African Americans in this country, that was an
era defined by terror. And that sounds strange to our ears, but what ends up happening is that 80 percent of the contributors have contributed a below-average amount. So the most wonderful thing, I think,
about this whole debate about power laws and software that could change it is the fact that we're having the conversation. That's year by year. This comes from our friends at Gapminder.com. And one of the
other things that happened in the Three Gorges -- a lot of the agricultural land that you see there on the left was also lost; some of the most fertile agricultural land was lost in that. Here's a crab
with his claw right at the end of that tube worm, waiting for that worm to stick his head out. And through this tapestry, which is the history of this country, the kids acquire what is probably the most
important value in education, and that is the understanding that life is complex, and there's no black and white. David Hanson: Robots that "show emotion" And that's when we began to sell the world that
architecture was created by individuals creating genius sketches. And they tend to be on their own. If we don't manage to implement the Golden Rule globally, so that we treat all peoples, wherever and whoever
they may be, as though they were as important as ourselves, I doubt that we'll have a viable world to hand on to the next generation. Most of us are the beneficiaries of that growth. But it has a dark side
-- in bioweapons, and in technology that puts us on a collision course to magnify any anger, hatred or feeling of marginalization. Actually the critical point was in 1989, when we demonstrated the stability
of this vehicle -- how completely stable it was in all circumstances, which is of course very critical. Fair enough question. and we'd understand very well. And it allows us to organize the entire Dewey decimal
system on one continuous run: And it takes you a while until it actually -- you realize that this says something different than what it normally says. Wind and time have twisted our landscape into very strange
shapes, And after the battle, they bring this mobile theater and they do what they call an "after action review" to teach you what you've done wrong. It's about interfacing these markets direct into the
highest official channels in the land. We are moving to cities. We are moving up in the world. So, bladders are definitely a little bit more complex than the other structures. I have their date of birth,
and their age, and what they did in their household, if they spoke English, and that's it. That's all I know of these people. So with that technology and that data and the ability to, with machine assistance,
we've now transcribed well over seven million words of our home transcripts. And we know money is the root of all evil, but it didn't actually stop evil from happening in Cambodia, in fact. and I suspect,
especially a lot of us in this room -- deal with them by just becoming Mr. CFO, astrophysicist, ultra-marathoner? I don't think that's going to happen. And the future self is not even around. From one site,
from one barrel of seawater, we discovered 1.3 million new genes and as many as 50,000 new species. They knew how to keep themselves alive. I got infected when I was 17, when, as a student of the design
college, I encountered adults who actually believed in my ideas, challenged me and had lots of cups of chai with me. We can now do that same genome project in the order of two to eight hours. And there really
wasn't a specific company that was focused on the public interest. So, maps of things leading to organized understandings of the universe in which we emerge. Now this is Isaac from a Vietnamese stamp. Because
they could see I was no longer serving them, I was only serving myself. I work direct with the right brain. And you do it automatically and non-consciously. But you have to think evolutionarily, you have
to think, what hard job that has to be done -- it’s dirty work, somebody’s got to do it -- is so important to give us such a powerful, inbuilt reward for it when we succeed. we played by ear and I think
that's important for us because we were not really exposed to a lot of different styles of music. All right. This is pretty good; this is pretty good. And if you look at a guy called Dennis, when he decides
what to become -- is it a lawyer, or does he want to become a doctor or a teacher? -- best chance is that he wants to become a dentist. Lots of things that seem simple and not difficult like in the real
world, except if you're learning it. Or the Antarctic, where the continent is protected, but the surrounding ocean is being stripped of its krill, whales and fish. So effectively, we all kind of wind up
traveling through life, of feeling very right about everything. And then, again, the building itself, middle of Los Angeles, right across from City Hall. Here are the actual patients, there are 45,000 of
them now, sharing their stories as data. We got a lot of people cheating by stealing by a little bit. Here's what's happening in the world. And you can see that life expectancy was also short. The surrounding
water is just a couple of degrees above freezing. She came to my country and saw the importance of education. But it only treats a few kids, and so this isn't very scalable. We're headed to natural gas. Of
course, you got it wrong. India was not always like this level. Much better than "Basingstoke," at least for me. And it worked -- my God, it worked. So what did I learn from this intense and unforgettable
experience? We have to trust a lot of procedures. I know that so many people in this room are already doing really interesting things. And you see, you're very familiar with this. You have the USDA food pyramid. Let
me give you an example. When I first published some of these data a few years ago in a magazine called Foreign Policy, one of the people who wrote in, not entirely in agreement, was Tom Friedman. And since
my article was titled "Why the World Isn't Flat," that wasn't too surprising. So, in computer graphics and computer user interface design, there is a term called affordances. Now, during that whole period,
a number of people got excited, you know, outside the science community about these Rovers, so I thought I'd show you a video just to give you a reflection about how these Rovers are being viewed by people
other than the science community. He got a stroke, and he was really, really sick, so he really couldn't tell me what to do next. In fact, technology is accelerating all the aspects of life, and we can see
that happening; just as there's diversity in life, there's more diversity in things we make. So, I began to do a research project of my own. It was resulting in incredible new talks like these two. While
chimpanzees are dominated by big, scary guys, bonobo society is run by empowered females. These guys have really worked something out, since this leads to a highly tolerant society where fatal violence
has not been observed yet. They said, "Well, we also believe that if you're a Mormon and if you're in good standing with the church, when you die you get to go to heaven and be with your family for all
eternity." So we ask people, how much should Grace be blamed in this case, which we call a failed attempt to harm? These birds make a living by diving into the water. Asking, "What is simplicity?" I think
falls in that category. There is, there's a third alternative. Like, how did -- how did I get here? And this next Rover that we're flying is about the size of a car. But if growth slows down, instead of doubling
our standard of living every generation, Americans in the future can't expect to be twice as well off as their parents, or even a quarter [more well off than] their parents. This is Natasha's wedding day. was
what any self-respecting researchers would have done. These seem to be natural human aspirations. These tools don't get socially interesting until they get technologically boring. Now these are not the kinds
of things that someone is thinking about just before they go get a condom. Because I don't think any of us in this room could have predicted the sorts of applications that have happened at Facebook, around
Facebook, for example, two years ago, when Mark announced that they were going to go with a platform. My footprint's smaller, I'm lessening pollution, They require very similar mathematics. When we started
making these, I started thinking, why can't we make wonderful instruments like that for everybody, people who aren't fantastic Yo-Yo Mas or Princes? That's where I got reacquainted with Abraham Maslow's
"hierarchy of needs." This is what I love about comic strips, you know. And I have it here in my purse. causes more emissions than all of transportation combined: cars, trains, planes, buses, boats, all of
it. Now the Doha Tribeca Film Festival is not an imported festival, but rather an important festival between the cities of New York and Doha. Symmetry can also help us to explain what's happening in the
Large Hadron Collider in CERN. I have their date of birth, and their age, and what they did in their household, if they spoke English, But to do that, you need the permanent dentition, which you don't see
here, because what you have here are the baby teeth. So just through self-assembly, mixing things together in the lab, we can come up with, say, a metabolic surface with some informational molecules attached
inside of this membrane body, right? it's about 3,000 miles, It is constantly there. And, just as an example, this is one that recently came to me. More than half. He said, "I'm a tap counter." Nearly three
years ago, I decided to leave my comfortable job as a World Bank senior economist in Washington and come back to my country of birth, Ethiopia, after nearly 30 years abroad. As I've researched what's going
on in the United States, a few interesting little insights have come up. Australia, for example, is heavily dependent on exporting iron ore and natural gas to China. Start from what they know. Build on what
they have." They also found an endangered species sold as a common one. And it was such a blow that it woke me up, in the way that it was meant to be, I guess. And then, in turn, businesses started to grow,
like making these antennas. And you really can't decide where you hit very much, because they pretend you can steer, but you're being delivered. Most of the time, we are in institutions, so the Stanford
Prison Study is a study of the power of institutions to influence individual behavior. And that's what I've been doing, this last six months, is going through the logs. The trouble is these signals are not
the beautiful signals you want them to be. Full-scale I.Q. is the mental processing -- how fast you can acquire information, retain it and retrieve it -- that is essential for success in life today. And
all the collective minds in this room, I dare say, can never find a solution for scan-xiety. and we always win, because dominating nature is our destiny. This is looking directly across the street from where
they were standing. And this is the compelling but highly controversial picture of the wider cosmos that cutting-edge observation and theory have now led us to seriously consider. But what I'm saying is,
you can be delighted, because the editor of Science, who is no dummy, and both of these fairly professional -- really professional teams, have really come to the same conclusion and in the bottom lines
in their papers they have to say, what this means is, that what we've been thinking, was the global circulation model that we predict that the earth is going to get overheated that it's all wrong. It's
wrong by a large factor. After all, my story begins with a dried, withered spinach plant and it's only getting better from there. And of course, if you were to down to where there's 15 times as much -- the
deeper you go, the more exacerbating the problem becomes. It is so swollen that you can't even see the eyes. As it aligns with our human behaviors, it can allow us to make better sense of what we do and,
more importantly, why, creating a big picture out of all the important little details that make up who we are. Well, they kept them alive. Can that be right? I can cover the rest of the cube up. And if I
cover the rest of the cube you can see that they are identical. It's not possible to tell people to do what is going to be expensive, Country 2, that has fewer telephones, is China. The fact that a protest
is happening really does mean that the layout of the blocks, the streets and blocks, the putting in of public space, compromised as it may be, is still a really great thing. I'm not getting it off the eyebrow. And
even if they could have access to the banking infrastructure, they wouldn't necessarily be considered viable customers, because they're not wealthy enough to have bank accounts. DW: So people have found
out for example that studying vision in the absence of realizing why you have vision is a mistake. Start from what they know. Build on what they have." This was kind of the defining slogan. And that connection
is change. And that really motivated people to find the best stories. I'm going to share with you the story as to how I have become an HIV/AIDS campaigner. So the top curve shows the body weight of a genetically
obese mouse that eats nonstop until it turns fat, like this furry tennis ball. Her father had gone out in the wintertime; he was working night shift, and she followed him outside in nothing but a diaper. So,
half as much grain is half as much useful, but half a baby or half a computer is less useful than a whole baby or a whole computer, and we've been trying to make computers that work that way. The idea there
behind these two pictures is that the Chinese government can act above rule of law. Christina Sidebottom: Well, my first reaction was that it was -- looked awfully gun-like, and it was very strange. And
not bad for a project that almost every ad agency we talked to advised their clients not to take part. But watch out -- And I worked on this Permian extinction, camping by this Boer graveyard for months
at a time. Today I want to tell you why. But as I said, I'm for anything American. So if we cut open Dracorex -- I cut open our Dracorex -- and look, it was spongy inside, really spongy inside. PISA has transformed
that debate, and pushed early childhood education right at the center of public policy in Germany. Because when children play a role, they actually follow social scripts quite closely that they’ve learnt
from us as adults. Who's the teacher? That's the one that John Locke systematized when he said that freedom was rooted in private property rights and the protection of law. Bill Joy: What I'm worried about,
what I'm excited about To figure out the elegant recipes that would take the small subset of the periodic table, and create miracle materials like that cell, is the task of green chemistry. So here's a disclaimer
about me, though, before we get too deep into this. So, when we did this for responses from the standard method and from our encoder and transducer. We needed to make Brad look a lot older -- I'm not engaged
in predicting random number generators. Boomers will press the button. Trust me. This is the same mind that we depend upon to be focused, creative, spontaneous, and to perform at our very best in everything
that we do. So, really, our picture of a food pyramid is just -- we have to change that completely. Sean Carroll: Distant time and the hint of a multiverse because there's very little known about the animal
anatomy. And this is very important light to capture, because this is the light that reflects off the first surface of the skin. Opens up at dusk and dawn every day. Here's what I was saying about the laws.
They're really there. Can we use our brains to directly control machines -- without requiring a body as the middleman? Miguel Nicolelis talks through an astonishing experiment, in which a clever monkey
in the US learns to control a monkey avatar, and then a robot arm in Japan, purely with its thoughts. The research has big implications for quadraplegic people -- and maybe for all of us. &lt;i&gt;&lt;/i&gt; I
thought that something would come out of it, like "Words rule fantastic new old first last Pope" because it's by Alexander Pope, but I sort of made a mess out of it, and then I thought I'd repeat it in
some way so it was legible. Hi, my name is Marcin -- farmer, technologist. Me was composed of stories, of cravings, of strivings, of desires of the future. Can we find a solution to produce more? He'll sign
his name on every line, he'll check all the boxes, he'll put numbers in where he thinks there should be numbers. I'm crying on the inside. There are still scars. We did this with food technologists in India
and Pakistan -- really about three of them. She's partially blind, her husband can't work, she's got seven kids. It's time to let them grow up, Doesn't it feel good to say it out loud? Well, they reproduce
it, but the originals are all done by hand. "Sputnik" was downtown, the negative. It wasn't touched. So the first thing you have to do -- this is Graham, the designer -- is, sort of, put yourself in their
shoes. And so, here he is sitting under the table. And I said, "Okay, I'll go to the old man in village and say, 'What should I grow in this spot?'" Now, they differ a great deal in terms of the predictability
of time frames. Now, if that was true, we'd have trucks going round the country, filling people's gardens in with soil, it'd be a fantastic business. So without that curiosity-driven understanding of the
structure of atoms, which led to this rather esoteric theory, quantum mechanics, then we wouldn't have transistors, we wouldn't have silicon chips, we wouldn't have pretty much the basis of our modern
economy. Well, our approach to finding longevity was to team up with National Geographic, and the National Institute on Aging, to find the four demographically confirmed areas that are geographically defined. Her
vigil somewhere I know continues. And Najmuddin was staying there, doing everything and reporting on the patients. So one of the things I look at is, how did the universe begin and shape? And the answer to
that is research. So, complete transparency will make a huge difference. But it surely is a very important moment for design, because not only is the technology proceeding, not only is computing technology
making open-source possible also in the world of design, but also the idea of sustainability -- which is not only sustainability from the viewpoint of CO2 emissions and footprint, but also sustainability
of human interrelationships -- is very much part of the work of so many designers. This song is one of Thomas' favorites, called "What You Do with What You've Got." You could certainly tell the difference
between a Chinese restaurant and a French restaurant by what they had in a larder. And in the case of the liger, there actually have been one or two that have been seen in the wild. It lies in that these
games are beginning to make me emotional. Does that ever happen to us? The mass of this comes out of the air. I can tell if you pay your bills on time. But the most interesting thing about this particular
technology is that you can carry your digital world with you wherever you go. You make lots of money. Well, planets are great, and our early Earth was almost perfect. So, you shouldn't see young stars. If
you look at the OECD countries and how much they spend per domestic poor person, and compare it with how much they spend per poor person in poor countries, the ratio — Branko Milanovic at the World Bank
did the calculations — turns out to be about 30,000 to one. They enter the queue, they just zip right out. And what ends up happening -- sometimes you might have days like this where you wake up at eight
in the morning, or seven in the morning, or whenever you get up, and you're like, man, I didn't really sleep very well. And just these little things. So, I decided to investigate. We raised 200 million dollars
in a specialty fund to work on a pandemic in biodefense. Well, it's certainly not this one. When we released that report, we did so three days after the new president, Kibaki, had decided to pal up with
the man that he was going to clean out, Daniel arap Moi, And that's just office workers, bankers. Helicopter stunts are always fun, hanging out of them, whatever. This is a bit like ambition and drive --
I'm going to do that. I'm going to work hard. They can say "yes" or "no" to the invention. That's the idea of creativity. We can get out of poverty. It comes from everywhere. Here we are normally; we're standing
at the gas pump, and we're feeling kind of helpless. They call themselves the Elder Brothers. Because he was building these crops. But it was too stoney and full of cactus on top. I know nothing. I'm a beginner. Right.
All together now. This is on the way up from Camp Three to Camp Four, moving in, up through the clouds. So here too we have a democracy, a democracy dependent upon the funders and dependent upon the people,
competing dependencies, possibly conflicting dependencies depending upon who the funders are. So contrary to what we heard a few months back about how 75 percent of that oil sort of magically disappeared
and we didn't have to worry about it, It's still working its way up the food chain. I believe it was -- one great philosopher said -- no, no, It scales in the same way everywhere. I found that I didn't have
to wear high heels, I didn't have to wear pink, and I could feel like I fit in. Once you do those things, you can start making all sorts of investments. Then I remembered it could be a bunch of things. The
wind will swoosh them out across here. Van Jones: The economic injustice of plastic Baby: Gagagagagaga Gaga gaga gaga guga guga guga wada gaga gaga guga gaga wader guga guga water water water water water
water water water water. And I found out later that it was Julius' first day in Nairobi, and he's one of many. But you see here a big table coral that died and collapsed. I thought, "Ian, stay out of it,
stay out of it, you know, walk on." So what happens if the big brain in the integration overrides the signal? It's footage that we've collected for scientific purposes. And you stop, and you get out of your
car and you take a picture. And so, I began to crinkle up potato chip flecks, and also pretzels. It is a mobile phone-shaped box that has an iron weight inside, which we can move around, I've always -- just
as a listener, as just a fan -- I listen to that, and I'm just astounded. And you can usually tell the uber-moms because they actually weigh less than their own children. There's very little that's within
a five minute walk of most areas of places like Pittsburgh. It's hard to communicate this, and one way that I think is really interesting is to talk about sport fish, because people like to go out and catch
fish. So, from a value and values standpoint, what companies can do is connect in lots of different ways. And so this has been a real puzzle to me as a sort of scholar of human nature. If you look right here
at the two red arrows, they point to the toughness values for the draglines of nephila clavipes and These are the two species of spiders for which the vast majority of time and money on synthetic spider
silk research has been to replicate their dragline silk proteins. as early as 1965, China had a huge advantage in life expectancy. As a result, in the Russian far east today, which is twice the size of India,
you have exactly six million Russians. But all of these attempts have one thing in common. Can I ask you to please recall a time when you really loved something -- a movie, an album, a song or a book --
and you recommended it wholeheartedly to someone you also really liked, and you anticipated that reaction, you waited for it, and it came back, and the person hated it? Everyone throws out suggestions and
then we pick two to focus on. But I'll ask you guys to stand up so we celebrate the life of a British aid worker called Emma McCune that made it possible for me to be here. DARwIn also has a lot of other
talents. Luckily Kirk had seen me and he swam over and pulled me up. And here is actually the spinal column and the whole torso encased in a sandstone block, because she was buried by a river. And wrote some
notes to my family. And then climbed back up again, looked down at those clouds again, climbed back into the capsule again. So, we've created an incredible track record of 100 percent graduation, 90 percent
going to college, many first-generation, 90 percent of those choosing science as a career. If I throw a very concentric circle, or concentric ellipse, it just dutifully makes these evenly spaced lines,
which get closer and closer together, which describes how gravity works. And to this day remains the only Jewish diaspora in the history of the Jewish people, which has never encountered a single incident
of anti-semitism. They go in, and they might be working with a high school student actually working on a novel -- because we had very gifted kids, too. Now I've been talking so far about pleasure, but what
I want to suggest is that everything I've said applies as well to pain. and he suggested that happiness is not about having what you want; Americans spent, in 2001 -- 11 percent of all pesticide use was
done on lawns. Except, of course, what's interesting about this is that we can't be sure how that idea was conveyed, because the Homo erectus that made these objects did not have language. This talk is about
being prepared for, and resilient to the changes that are coming and that will affect our homes and our collective home, the Earth. We've got this giant fusion generator in the sky called the sun, and we
just need to tap a little bit of that energy for purposes of human civilization. And if you have one of these birds -- children in Japan have been making this bird for many, many years. And you can see,
this is a little fantail bird. That's to prevent pirates from attacking it. This has become a central part of the treatment at Tewksbury hospital, so everybody there clamors to work on musical activities. I
love this little bit of water that comes off the back of his tail. This is the second generation. It's going to be in Flash. RB: Yes, I mean, we've got -- we're setting up something called the war room,
which is maybe the wrong word. Now it's very easy to assume that those books, because they were from a library called Bait al-Hikma, were Muslim books, but that's not the case because the caliph that built
that library, his name was al-Ma'mun -- he was Harun al-Rashid's son. Luke, come up please. I am an example, and there are others like me. But now, I'm not talking about gorking people out to fly to Mars
or even Pandora, as much fun as that may be. So this is how the system works. They communicate electronically constantly, and they have protocols and checklists for how they handle everything -- -- from
bad weather to emergencies or inoculations for the cattle. 60 digits or more, you've got to sit down. You've overestimated. If you look at the way children play, when you ask them to explain something, what
they really do is do a series of experiments. You can take a runner like Ann Trason, or Nikki Kimball, or Jenn Shelton, you put them in a race of 50 or 100 miles against anybody in the world and it's a
coin toss who's going to win. Internet,collaboration,computers,language,technology We need to think before we buy. So before I had a chance to determine whether this was right or not, we had jumped the moat,
we had climbed the fence, we were tiptoeing through the dung and approaching some poor, dozing cow. Why don't you just say I'm a researcher-storyteller." I'm not done yet. I'm not done yet. And do that, and
spread the word. on the high seas and in coastal areas, wherever we can identify critical places. New technologies are needed to map, photograph and explore the 95 percent of the ocean that we have yet
to see. Seeing people die every day, my mother crying, So DNA comes in and hits this blue, doughnut-shaped structure and it's ripped apart into its two strands. So here you are, is 89 million barrels of oil,
give or take a few barrels, every day. But in contrast to this, in the developing world, far away, the aspiration of the average family there was to have food for the day. There must be mechanisms of self-organization
inside the universe that make things. And then again the old will die and you will get two billion children. And for me, this is -- I'm the short kid on the right. This was -- my motivation was actually
during Apollo. They know what they're supposed to be doing, They are coupled to light receptors similar to the ones in your eyes. and invited us to come out from MIT and design the interfaces that would appear
in that film. And I said, "Well, my real hero was my father. What do you actually do about that in a difficult circumstance? Suppose I go up and I say, "I'm going to take your phone." So, between 1931 and
1939, they raised rates by some 448 percent, until the broadcasters finally got together and The New York Times followed them around nowhere. In fact, they were so rare that elected members of Parliament
had the right to allocate 15 telephone lines as a favor to those they deemed worthy. Give you a different view about what the design and what everything else looks like. Our models have hundreds of thousands
of grid boxes calculating hundreds of variables each, on minute timescales. We're still lighting something on fire every time we want energy. But of course, that's a little bit like kissing your sister as
far as driving a car, so the kids want to do a steering wheel; so they draw a steering wheel. And this is accomplished using this kind of device, and this is called deep brain stimulation. And this is what
transformed. But I think, you know, we have to accept that we are just machines. And everything was great except the landlord said, "Well, the space is zoned for retail; you have to come up with something. Europe
was not at the final negotiating table. This is their lobby. Chefs take foie gras and they make it their own. There are some super smart people who are arguing that we've reached the end of growth, but to
understand the future of growth, we need to make predictions about the underlying drivers of growth. They didn't ask me, but by their own admission, they need all the help that they can get. The first shock
hurts like hell. So on the left is the encoder alone, and on the right is from an actual blind retina, so the encoder and the transducer. She was with me on my lifeboat. Imagine if all you knew about William
was the fact that he grew up in a poor village. I don't think this is necessarily an algorithmic process. They're called the hole-in-the-wall experiments. I'm an artist and an engineer, And what we tried was
this; here is a device called the Cadwell Model MES10. My mother asked us to feel her hand. Learning about the natural world is one thing; learning from the natural world -- that's the switch. Artist and
TED Fellow Aparna Rao re-imagines the familiar in surprising, often humorous ways. With her collaborator Soren Pors, Rao creates high-tech art installations -- a typewriter that sends emails, a camera
that tracks you through the room only to make you invisible on screen -- that put a playful spin on ordinary objects and interactions. What's about to happen -- and we're seeing this; it's beginning --
a technology trend that's happening right now is that we're starting to look at time-resolved situations as well. In short, we admire their willingness to play. There's one sector which isn't exposed to
international trade, and which can generate a lot of jobs, I want to say a word for the soil and the bees and the plants and the animals, and tell you about a tool, a very simple tool that I have found. Well
folks, it's like we know these demographics here. And we have his book outside in the bookshop. So, you know, sometimes it's incremental. And you can see these robots are not ready to take over the world
yet, but they gradually learn how to move forward, and they do this autonomously. I don't sleep that much, and I've come to this thing about, like, not sleeping much as being a great virtue, after years
of kind of battling it as being a terrible detriment, or something. But the problem is I still have my phantom fingers dangling from the shoulder, and your box doesn't reach." And for me, when I think about
our future, and all of those problems that seem incredibly large, the scale is impossible, the urgency is there, Now, this is an elite audience, and I would therefore expect about 10 percent of you to be
religious. As you age, as you get older. It could be anything that's anti-icing, because if you don't have water, you don't have ice. Then there is trade. Move around. Come on. My guess is at least one of them
has something interesting to say. And when we'd finished, he went around silently and he joined all of the straws up till it looped around the whole ward, and then he said, "Okay, everybody, hold on to
your straws." But that woman was trying to make sense of her life with a machine that had no experience of the arc of a human life. And that thing that I found was the cinema or the theater. This is a pretty
remarkable program using free and open source software, cheap, sort of hacked-together machines, and basically sort of abandoned buildings -- has put together a bunch of community centers where people
can come in, get high-speed internet access, learn computer programming skills for free. Young boys are taught justifications for suicide attacks and the execution of spies. Step one: woman says, "I want
to have a baby. Iskam baby." Step two: we get the baby. Woohoo! And it doesn't just stay on the screen. So as food became more plentiful, bread became cheaper. And as much as there are great things around
the corner -- and it's palpable in this room -- of all of the things that are just about to break that can solve so many problems, I'm really hoping that those things will spread around the world and will
start to have a positive effect. This person on the right is actually living in an assisted living facility. My brothers and I dug in, and that's when my father came home. And he called it hypothesis-free
science. And he despised it from the bottom of his heart. I mean, the press in Ivory Coast was bitterly divided -- it was compared to the media in Rwanda before the genocide -- so imagine. I heard their
prayer and ate their bread. the materials don't have information. So we went out, and we looked at all the car companies. This improved science and engineering will, whether we like it or not, give us more
and more leverage to affect the planet, to control the planet, to give us weather and climate control -- not because we plan it, not because we want it, just because science delivers it to us bit by bit,
with better knowledge of the way the system works and better engineering tools to effect it. We'll swap the axis. We've gone a little bit beyond Light Stage 5. This is Light Stage 6, And behold the glory
and bounty that is Bronx County. This, as it turns out, is not only good for your aging parents to keep them close to the family -- it imparts about four to six years of extra life expectancy -- research
shows it's also good for the children of those families, who have lower rates of mortality and lower rates of disease. This is the kind of thing. So it would be like, you know. Right? OK, about a -- two
dozen. Ron Howard: Buzz Aldrin came up to me and said, "Hey, that launch footage, I saw some shots I'd never seen before. Did you guys, what vault did you find that stuff in?" And I said, "Well, no vault,
Buzz, we generated all that from scratch." to do. We need to use active systems. What is multimedia-tasking? It's the fact that most of us, most of our children, are engaged with listening to music at the
same time as they're doing search on the web at the same time as they're chatting on Facebook with their friends. I'm the Mexican in the family. Everybody points and laughs, and they say, "He tried it a
fifth time and it still didn't work. Natural gas will fit all of those. It will replace or be able to be used for that. And we can learn from that and create more interesting and inspiring architectural
environments. His name was John Belk. Some of you will probably know him. Teacher turnover is eight times higher than the U.S. national average. Now I don't want you to spend too much time imagining the conception,
because if you spend all that time imagining that conception, you're not going to listen to me. Behavioral markers matter. David Hanson's robot faces look and act like yours: They recognize and respond to
emotion, and make expressions of their own. Here, an "emotional" live demo of the Einstein robot offers a peek at a future where robots truly mimic humans. This is a fee-pay school. This is a good school. He's
still dreaming about it. They never wrote back to me. So every second, half of the Library of Congress is swooshing around in this machine. It's a big machine. They're from multiple agencies. What is the objective? So
in order to help you understand where I'm coming from, let me bring you into my world, the world of experts. Now we're entering a third great wave of evolutionary history, which has been called many things:
"intentional evolution," "evolution by design" -- very different than intelligent design -- whereby we are actually now intentionally designing and altering the physiological forms that inhabit our planet. No,
I don't do that; I'm a conjurer, who is someone who pretends to be a real magician. "Here they are, the giraffes." And what was I going to do? And it may be that passing the 50 percent urban point is an economic
tipping point. So the world now is a map of connectivity. So I get shipped off to private school, K through eight, public schools, but for some reason my grandfather was upset that somebody at the local
high school had been stabbed and killed, so he didn't want me to go there. He wanted me to use words like polyvinyl chloride, which doesn't really work in voice balloons very well. Alert both. Then we can
start to use cells. And the idea is so simple, so obvious, but I think the consequences are really profound. It's about a guy who's on the verge of divorce. So, the bizarre thing, which is baffling to conventional,
classically trained economists, is that a weird little smiley face has a better effect on changing your behavior than the threat of a £60 fine and three penalty points. And this was, incidentally, published
in 1949, in the leading textbook of malaria, called "Boyd's Malariology." So the sexual transmission of HIV is essentially determined by how many partners you have in these very short spaces of time Now,
this makes people crazy because it means that you have to talk about some groups having more sexual partners in shorter spaces of time than other groups, and that's considered stigmatizing. Neil Pasricha's
blog 1000 Awesome Things savors life's simple pleasures, from free refills to clean sheets. In this heartfelt talk from TEDxToronto, he reveals the 3 secrets to leading a life that's truly awesome. And
at the same time, the gorgeous work of Takeshi Ishiguro, who did these beautiful salt-and-pepper containers that are made of rice dough. When you give people specific information about their health, where
they stand, and where they want to get to, where they might get to, that path, that notion of a path -- that tends to work for behavior change. the light from these distant galaxies have taken so long,
we're essentially backing up into the past. And I can tell you two great stories. You're allowed to have an elected government, collect taxes, provide municipal services, and that's exactly what they do. But
more importantly, for me to begin to understand who are the couples who have an erotic spark, what sustains desire, I had to go back to the original definition of eroticism, the mystical definition, and
I went through it through a bifurcation by looking actually at trauma, which is the other side, and I looked at it looking at the community that I had grown up in, which was a community in Belgium, all
Holocaust survivors, and in my community there were two groups: those who didn't die, and those who came back to life. An iPatch, iRhythm, for atrial fibrillation. It's far beyond what we currently have. That's
why it's a very interesting time to be in -- Games on the surface seem simple entertainment, but for those that like to look a little deeper, the new paradigm of video games could open entirely new frontiers
to creative minds that like to think big. With polio it's almost completely different. That's the prototype of the parachute. I've now had them custom make one, the only one of its kind in the world. And
that's the only suit of its kind in the world. And we see this in the inexorable march towards standardization. And Yamaha makes an incredible thing called the Disklavier Pro that looks like a nice grand
piano there. The Earth invented the computer Internet for its own benefit, and we now, being the top organism on this planet, are trying to allocate resources in order to protect the biosphere. Imagine that
we build an enclosure where we put it just underwater, and we fill it with wastewater and some form of microalgae that produces oil, and we make it out of some kind of flexible material that moves with
waves underwater, and the system that we're going to build, of course, will use solar energy to grow the algae, and they use CO2, which is good, and they produce oxygen as they grow. And it is a body that
has long intrigued people who've watched the planets. In this table, you can actually see what is an impact of a successful biological control by good bugs. however, not so with the interior. It's an extraordinarily
toxic thing. Trees or cacti are good for this. The offspring of the carrot juice drinking women ate more carrot-flavored cereal, they seemed to enjoy it more. But this device was very slow. And you know what?
If we can't do that, if we can't use our intellectual power to end slavery, there is one last question: Are we truly free? They sacrifice family time. They sacrifice friend time. Ideas that you gestated
in your youth. Now, what if we want to look at this more closely? And I think the most interesting way to think about how all this is going on is in terms of rewards. And I said, "Yeah, that I'm going to
have a party and a cake and get a lot of presents?" And my dad said, "Well, yes. But, more importantly, being seven means that you've reached the age of reason, and you're now capable of committing any
and all sins against God and man." And then this is a kind of a shopping mall, with a rodeo and restaurants. And during that time, I actually taught classes without speaking. We're focusing now on Port-au-Prince. I
said, "Is that thing real?" And we realized that there are some differences in accents. We were making things activate, light up and work just by thinking. DSR: Boy, oh boy, oh boy! And that's a straight
line we got right over there. And I didn't even prompt him. and also one of the most ignored. So it's inherently safe to use. But they also talk about the fact that their executives, all of their expense
reports are put onto their company intranet for everyone to see. And this is a website of a guy who's selling brand new parts for the Stanley automobile. And the thing that I liked is sort of this one-click,
add-to-your-cart button -- -- for buying steam valves. I mean, it was just -- it was really there. Now Broadmoor is Broadmoor Hospital. So, until then, basically people were living on top of their trades. Well,
in fact, the arts are not in decline. It even beeps, because it's an alarm clock, after all. So next, the scientific method -- an axiom of physics, of all science -- says you cannot prove a hypothesis through
observation, I remember being able to play Trivial Pursuit against my parents back in the '80s and holding my own, back when that was a fad. Here's a $2,000 Hawaiian vacation package; it's now on sale for
1,600. It also has very high cost implications. But using the CT scanning technology, which is normally used for medical purposes, you can go deep into the mouth and come up with this beautiful image showing
you both the baby teeth here and the still-growing adult teeth here. I would love to talk about the technology, and sometime, in what's past the 15 minutes, I'll be happy to talk to all the techno-geeks
around here about what's in here. corruption,global issues,government,politics,society,state-building There were fish caught in rock pools left behind by the receding water. So each sample gets us about 50,000
data points with repeat measurements, a thousand samples. I met psychosocial workers who worked with them. But we didn't just fly it. We were flying at 100 meters above the top of the canopy to measure this
molecule -- incredibly dangerous stuff. I already told you that electrical stimulators are not uncommon. Here are a few quotes indicating that: "Man has no nature," from the historian Jose Ortega y Gasset;
"Man has no instincts," from the anthropologist Ashley Montagu; "The human brain is capable of a full range of behaviors and predisposed to none," from the late scientist Stephen Jay Gould. And this kind
of thing would have been impossible without a microphone. I put my banjo on and I walked all the way to the East Coast, put my foot in the Atlantic Ocean -- it was seven years and one day it took me to
walk across the United States. They decide what is too offensive or too provocative for you to see. It will be just a way to, say, greenwash your audience and, say, increase your price tag. BG: What kind
of training do you do, you personally, for that? Meanwhile the exact same year, at Bell Labs the next revolution was about to be announced, the next building block. BC: We've lost 99 percent of our entry
velocity. What you see here on this toughness graph is the higher the black dot is on the graph, the higher the toughness. JF: Over on the left-hand side, you will notice fuel consumption decreasing as the
rocket takes off. They might say, "I've got a bit of nectar. Do you want to come and get it?" Now this is a plant. I want to shake your confidence that you know your own innermost minds -- that you are,
yourselves, authoritative about your own consciousness. This is all happening with excess capacity. Here we have a problem. So when we talk about, now, the future we will create, one of the things that I
think is necessary is to have a very clear vision of the world that we live in. Under extreme conditions, general relativity and quantum theory allow time to behave like another dimension of space. And she
begins to babble and coo and smile, and so does the baby. And what do we teach in these schools? Listen very carefully. Now, when looked at this, it changed the way I see things, because this thing, this
network that's changing across time, it has a memory, it moves, things flow within it, it has a kind of consistency -- people can die, but it doesn't die; it still persists -- And the second thing, Here
is an example of our aerial camera. So of course, I understood. They wished they knew how to prevent their food supply from sometimes failing, and how they could rest when they were tired without risking
starvation, be warmer, cooler, safer, in less pain. Now I think the real key to doing it, to give a simple answer, is integration. Well, there are three main advantages to a rebreather. So now suppose we
test them all. This is the first general hospital in Vienna. And God," he said to the poor man, "is answering your plea that people should be compassionate and give." In the second verse comes the line, "The
wind and waves obey Him." Do they? I don't feel we can sing that song again in church, after what's happened. But these four charges corresponding to three forces but it also catalyzes the production of
vitamin D in the skin, Whereas if we start building this demand on the ground on a civilizational level, rather than merely on a political level, a level above politics -- movements that are not political
parties, but are rather creating this civilizational demand for this democratic culture. And what we want with these pictures is to create a discussion about what we have that is pristine on the planet
and what we must hold on this planet if we want to live, to have some equilibrium in our life. These are the two species of spiders for which the vast majority of time and money on synthetic spider silk
research has been to replicate their dragline silk proteins. If you talk to faculty, they may say, "Ugh. Yeah, well, they're playing video games, and they're gambling online all night long, and they're
playing World of Warcraft, And I think the reason for that -- -- thank you -- I think the reason for that is that it's -- it's -- well, it's as Chris said, bonkers. But more importantly, the reason I wanted
to show this picture: look where the other people are looking, and look where he is looking. And it wasn't perfect. Many children still died, but it was certainly better than what they had before. And what
am I doing?" because there were -- there were people who had computers. And it got me through some -- I didn't make any royalties on this, but it got me through. I don't want to feel these. in a little structure
called the fusiform gyrus. He kind of just snuck up behind us and he sang out in a low voice. MacArthur winner Sendhil Mullainathan uses the lens of behavioral economics to study a tricky set of social problems
-- those we know how to solve, but don't. We know how to reduce child deaths due to diarrhea, how to prevent diabetes-related blindness and how to implement solar-cell technology ... yet somehow, we don't
or can't. Why? What you really want is not a sequential, You want to have a network of innovation. It was like, "Where do you want to go?" Would you mind squeezing as hard as you can, in your dominant hand,
this device so I can measure your grip strength? He actually called me a meddling kid the other day. But the computer should not just be the glove of the hand; the hand should really be the driver of the
computing power. In recent years, a lot of intelligent people thought that capitalism had basically won. I worked after for an investment bank. And it's not a whole lot different, really, when they're working
like this, or when somebody works like this. But in 2007, at the height of the sub-prime and all the complicated financial structures, it was quite opposite to the reckless risk-taking behaviors that we
saw on the market. The uninformed player doesn't know, but they know that the informed player knows. The State Department over here says, "Come on boy, I know you can make it." So basically, kids of all ages,
like us. So, take, for example, the three-way intersection. And I'm working very hard with my colleague, Arnold van Huis, in telling people what insects are, what magnificent things they are, what magnificent
jobs they do in nature. This is the exact moment that I started creating something called Tinkering School. This game dynamic is so powerful that it doesn't just influence our behavior, it's influenced our
entire culture. And we all love our cars, and I do. Did anybody think while I was playing, "Why is he using so many impulses?" You put it into a 15-liter vessel, about three gallons, and it'll cool it down
to just above freezing -- three degrees above freezing -- for 24 hours in a 30 degree C environment. It's really cheap. So there's Tom, Dick and Harry and they're working construction. And the stronger the
case and the more detailed it was, the better chance we had of creating this day. Like economists, you know, their definition of rational, that we all act out of our own economic self-interest. Give me something
I can do with Paypal." Schools are underfunded. This is people designing their own experiences. I want to talk about this. Again, going back to those high-speed videos, there's a pretty good hint of what might
be going on. But I mean programmable materials that build themselves. So you can do it only with their trust. In the meantime, congratulations. There are still some blue whales. My mom took a drink of her signature
Sea Breeze, her eyes really welled with tears, and she looked right at me and she said, "I will not stand for your desperation." But to her, it mattered deeply. We must understand it. And while Africa may
be dark, the thing that brought the message home to me was that this is the challenge we are facing, but it's also the opportunity. 2005, Anthony Fitzherbert, an agricultural engineer, could travel through
Helmand, could stay in Nad Ali, Sangin and Ghoresh, which are now the names of villages where fighting is taking place. And again, I think this will be a world record. But yet again I may. And later I may
say, I knew him once, and he was weak, or strong, or bold or proud or gay. JB: It's so powerful. Richard Ford, who's won the Pulitzer Prize, says that dyslexia helped him write sentences. A whole group of
people communicating that way, talking that way. And our wish has two parts: one is a dream and the other's a plan. OK. Well, many theories. But how could something tie them together? A colleague of mine
described it as to shine a light in the darkest corners of the world. There's something much more interesting around the corner," I say, "Try saying that to her." That's what I say in my mind. And I just
say "thank you," and I go on to the next one. I never show it to my client. He would be so afraid. Egypt was up here in 1960, The Nile Delta was a misery for children with diarrheal disease and malaria and
a lot of problems. I say almost every aspect, because there is one aspect of this story which they have thrown no light on. I know more British grandmothers than anyone in the universe. and we have to embody
all our data and all our knowledge into a working model. Then, a few years afterwards, using permacultural strategies, we green that part of the desert. They were allowed to return to Jerusalem and to rebuild
the temple. But by continuous monitoring, it captures all that vital information. And I think that's where we are. We're very, very early. Thank you very much. So then you look around, you're under a canopy
and you say, "This is good." We thought that maybe nitric oxide affected cell death, and how cells survive, and their resistance to other things. He was just kind of writing about his life. My guess -- given
that you're at a conference called TEDGlobal -- is that most of you are xenophiles, whether or not you use that term. They would get all dressed up and wait for him, but he would almost never come. It goes
150 miles an hour. We'd be different, our characters would be different, if our neuro-anatomy and our physiological chemistry were different. The flipside of this is that constantly being told that you are
gifted, chosen and born to rule has distinct societal downsides. And musical notation allows me a more nuanced way of translating information without compromising it. A lot of hurdles. The murmur of the city
dissolves into a squall whose chilling power I no longer feel. At TEDMED, Sheila Nirenberg shows a bold way to create sight in people with certain kinds of blindness: by hooking into the optic nerve and
sending signals from a camera direct to the brain. Woman: You wouldn't? Woman: You'd think that was fine. Hold still, you're the scale. In my part of the world, too many people live below the poverty line. But
fear, curiosity and greed have driven us. So we're zooming in here just to show you a little bit of it. And instead of a system, which is owned by a government and hidden in the bowels of government, let's
build an early detection system that's freely available to anyone in the world in their own language. The world is likely to lose one third of its arable land by the end of the century. And the thing is,
if they're not harmful, they're not to be completely dismissed. How many problems of life can be solved actually by tinkering with perception, rather than that tedious, hardworking and messy business of
actually trying to change reality? If you raise the level of your eyes a little more you go, "I see you, oh my God you are here, how are you, I can help you, Of course, child mortality first and then family
planning -- everyone needs family planning service -- it's underutilized. Nicholas Christakis: B, it's obvious. People have taken this amazing possibility of actually being in contact all through the day
or in all types of situations. Maybe it would have been much worse, or maybe it would have been better. And each time we make a new opportunity place, we're allowing a platform to make new ones. The second
thing was, I stopped taking a salary from the church that I pastor. Time Warner has called and they want us all back on the couch, not producing, not sharing -- and we should say, "No." I got anagnorisis
and peripetia on my chin. This is light over density, pulls the material around in. So if someone is being really powerful with us, we tend to make ourselves smaller. We don't mirror them. And so, I came
to see these kinds of social networks as living things, as living things that we could put under a kind of microscope to study and analyze and understand. I estimated that, just today, across the world,
we spent about 106 average world lifetimes teaching people how to calculate by hand. Is there a definitive line that divides crazy from sane? With a hair-raising delivery, Jon Ronson, author of &lt;em&gt;The
Psychopath Test&lt;/em&gt;, illuminates the gray areas between the two. &lt;em&gt;&lt;/em&gt; And I'm absolutely enthralled by biology. And in summer, here, killer wasps. It was fought for, it was campaigned
for, it was innovated for. So, the whole concept of branes in the universe, if the universe is shaped like a dodecahedron this is a very good map of what could possibly be. By the third sentence, she was
in tears. She -- but you know, if you really do believe that it's the very, very beginning, if you believe it's the 1908 Hurley washing machine, then you're incredibly optimistic. And I do think that that's
where we are. What then happens is not an across-the-board reduction in all your mental capacities, a sort of blunting of your cognitive ability. And there is a motivational component, which is, "I want
to help you." And religious doctrines are meant to be summons to action; you only understand them when you put them into practice. and that's questionable to start off. And as the story of Mr. Morales, just
down the road, excuse me, Mr. Gabriel, would you mind if we delayed your execution a little bit? We thought we could adapt it for the brain. It's an independent newspaper, but tell that to the people in
charge. And so this, again, a real picture of the ice fountains rising up into space, absolutely beautiful. He's got a purpose. But he comes home [to] Kansas City, Missouri, maybe he goes to college, maybe
he's got a job, but he doesn't have that same sense of purpose. Where can a museum exist as the place for us all to have this conversation? And there's no time to do it. But if you think about real life,
it's not like that at all. We have confused Maslow's hierarchy of needs just a little bit. In the Middle East, I experienced my work in places without [many] museums. ultimately being part of the universe,
we're kind of the spokespeople or the observer part of the constituency of the universe. One state in Northern India has gone so far as to link toilets to courtship. And this spider spins a bilingual alphabet. I
stopped walking, Audience: I was told that many of the brain cells we have as adults are actually in the human embryo, and that the brain cells last 80 years or so. And that grows over time dynamically with
the threat of climate change. So, like Galois, I stayed up all last night creating a new mathematical symmetrical object for you, and I've got a picture of it here. One of my favorite glaciers, the Sólheimajökull. My
worlds of words and numbers blur with color, emotion and personality. about 1,300 species of plants, so far known. We tend to exaggerate spectacular and rare risks and downplay common risks -- so flying
versus driving. The next thing that I'd like to show you is something that Dunlop asked me to do earlier this year with our Channel Five's "Fifth Gear Show." So, everybody ready? This is your first quest.
Here we go. I discovered their soft surfaces revealed every ripple of wind in constantly changing patterns. The aggregate numbers are absolutely overwhelming: 1.3 million people a week coming to town, decade
after decade. This is especially important when it comes to creativity and to productivity, because when psychologists look at the lives of the most creative people, what they find are people who are very
good at exchanging ideas and advancing ideas, but who also have a serious streak of introversion in them. Five to seven percent only are inspected -- five to seven percent. because in 1994, I packed a few
things into a backpack and headed off for a year of travel in the middle of my university career. He, over the course of his career, changed a great deal. So here I was in 2008 wondering where I was in my
life. They share your environmental stressors, the asbestos levels and lead levels, whatever you're exposed to. What's interesting is we still use cardboard boxes. The information that is copied, he called
the replicator. So now that they are emerging in the street and we salute the democratic revolution, we find out how little we know. Jeremy Gilley: One day of peace I used to meditate on George Bush. He's
quite a cute mom in a female form. We piled enormous amounts of pollution into the air and into the water. Now the viability threshold is reached, and the frequency distribution has dramatically changed
and, in fact, stabilizes. And so you're standing there and everything else is dark, but there's this portal that you want to jump in. We need water. You're not getting off that easy. All right? We're more
than 50 years into Licklider's vision for the future, and the data suggests that we should be quite excited about tackling this century's hardest problems, man and machine in cooperation together. These
papers should have been called, "The End to the Global Warming Fiasco," you know. They went five miles an hour and inside it was 105 degrees in the pitch dark. So -- because if you look, now, I can still
see it. Although, the change in your mind already does something for other beings: they can sense this new quality in yourself, and it helps them already, and gives them an example. 16 percent! Meaning that
there were these pinpoint tumors in skeletal muscle, but only .16 percent of actual metastases -- suggesting that maybe skeletal muscle is able to control the angiogenesis, is able to control the tumors
recruiting these blood vessels. And if we want to be the exception to that, then logically our only hope is to make use of the one feature that distinguishes our species, and our civilization, from all
the others -- And let me tell you what it's like to grow these cells in the lab. You don't understand the Americans. At the same time, I fell in love with New York City. How many people in the audience have
the last name Resnick like me? Raise your hand. One is an experiment I did for BMW, an attempt to make a car. It was the result of decades of sustained activism, and consumer advocacy. Imagine you have a
few million dollars that you've raised -- So there you are. If we could free ourselves from our education? And I think, when I listen to these incredible people here, I've been so inspired -- so many incredible
ideas, so many visions. And you see these recipes on the side? It treats these maternal contributions as information, as what I like to call biological postcards from the world outside. But what happened
was that when I administered a questionnaire to each of these schools, with one single question for the teachers -- which was, "Would you like to move to an urban, metropolitan area?" -- Architects tend
to work with signature, so that an architect needs a signature and that signature has to work across the scale of houses up to, say, skyscrapers, and that problem of signatures is a thing we're very good
at maintaining and working with; and intricacy, which is the relationship of, say, the shape of a building, its structure, its windows, its color, its pattern. These are real architectural problems. So
thank you very much. I appreciate it. We show that on about five different sets of data covering educational outcomes and health in the United States and internationally. So I designed, for an American scientist
based in Paris, a very stimulative, brain-stimulative office. In some other countries, the OECD convention is not yet properly enforced. And it felt kind of like being president, actually. So, doctors prescribe
medication. They're really approaching, in many cases surpassing, the ability of the human mind. What happened there? Now, visual thinking gave me a whole lot of insight into the animal mind. If you're living
in Iran, you're facing censorship, harassment, arrest, torture -- at times, execution. I'm trying to show you too much, They were looking for an alternative to schmaltz. That's not something that you're going
to see in a paper or a magazine but this is something that this person feels, and people are excited about it. a group of people who, on a beautiful day outside, enter into a windowless room, at their terminals
reading email and messages in fixed proportion font, like this, and they talk about networks. So this is Charles' voice. And as I was doing it, what happened? And the fellow in the vest there, Craig Toten,
he has pushed forward to get documentation out to all the groups that are doing this. But that's hard to do. Unfortunately, the ice is thick. Cybercriminals would go there to buy and sell stolen credit card
details, to exchange information about new malware that was out there. Live performance, when it was incredibly successful, ended up in what is probably, acoustically, the worst sounding venues on the planet:
sports stadiums, basketball arenas and hockey arenas. And they said, "Oh, well maybe we could become part of your strategic plan." If you have errors, you can replace a part. But that ability to make progress
until the event that revolutionized the human condition and changed the universe. And this is my -- -- you can see now the whole thing takes up far less space. It literally says, "Wat ar ou rea in?" Right? The
problem we have in believing that is -- you just have to give up this notion that this Earth was created for us. Forty percent of it is about what marketing is. The kids who were going to be prisoners, we
said, "Wait at home in the dormitories. The study will begin Sunday." I call it the iPatient. Telephony, computers, videotapes, CD-ROMs and so on are all our specialized mechanisms that we've now built within
our society for handling that information. I know you know the idea, natural selection, And so the next -- over the next six decades, believe it or not, I've built a number of aircraft, with the goal of
creating something that could do for you, or me, what the hummingbird does, and give you that flexibility. Now will this help us think about the design of more effective climbing robots? And so I decided
to make these pictures, and they were very large, so you had to walk away from it to be able to see them. The money goes from the company into the village via tree-planting. Instead, she knew what I needed,
and she bought me a book of cartoons. Or in regular, but in three dimensions, where the thing that changes is the light, not the pixels' position. There is no equivalent of the Al-Qaeda, without the terrorism,
for democracy across Muslim-majority societies. I'm Jon M. Chu. And I'm not a dancer, I'm not a choreographer -- I'm actually a filmmaker, a storyteller. The potential energy savings is very, very significant. the
ones that have been in decline, over and over. Now we have to create the G20. How can we escape [having] a double-standard, if we at the same time preach democracy and at the same time don't want to deal
with the groups that are representative? And they come up one at a time, We were looking for something and found something else. As you interact with someone at TED, maybe you can see a word cloud of the
tags, the words that are associated with that person in their blog and personal web pages. But if your fuel source is free, then the only thing that matters is the up-front capital cost of the engine. A
few years ago, oddly enough, I needed the bathroom, and I found one, a public bathroom, and I went into the stall, and I prepared to do what I'd done most of my life: use the toilet, flush the toilet,
forget about the toilet. I'm going to drink so much of it. I'm going to be so healthy. But a piece of work we did was on: what five positive actions can you do to improve well-being in your life? JH: I get
chills every time I see that. This is taken at 20,000 frames per second, and I have to give full credit to the BBC cameraman, Tim Green, for setting this shot up, because I could never have done this in
a million years -- one of the benefits of working with professional cameramen. There was no difference whatsoever. And at the Big Bang, what it expanded was the potential for difference. So an organism could,
for instance, learn not to eat a certain kind of fruit because it tasted bad and it got sick last time it ate it. ... but it strikes me as a slightly unimaginative way of improving a train journey Now what
is the hedonic opportunity cost on spending six billion pounds on those railway tracks? Every person in this room do this: think of the last time you had a decision to make where you were worried to do
the right thing, where you wondered, "What should I be doing?" Bring that to mind, We lined them up side-by-side, and we put the names of the companies that work on each of those. How about the long term? The
reality of this life and His resurrection is the hope of mankind." I've done a lot of speaking in Germany and in France, and in different parts of the world -- 105 countries it's been my privilege to speak
in. It's called Hutchinson-Gilford progeria, and it is the most dramatic form of premature aging. We see that companies acting ethically in this world are outperforming those that don't. And people oohed
and ahhed, because Cliff Tabin had been able to grow an extra wing on a chicken. Shame drives two big tapes -- "never good enough" and, if you can talk it out of that one, "who do you think you are?" I was
curious about this, so it led me to the work of a Danish physicist called Tor Norretranders, and he converted the bandwidth of the senses into computer terms. Likewise, behind every single thought there
is the bare consciousness, pure awareness. And I had a revelation. I thought, "These guys took some creepy, run-down entertainment, and put it to the highest possible level of performance art." And they
got me out and they started again with the epinephrine and the prednisone and with the oxygen and with everything they had on board. And we see that it's distorted. So here is the building; AV: Yes, and I
often joke with Rufus when he comes home that I'm not sure he would actually be able to find our child in a line-up amongst other babies. I mean we have to ask, has it happened before? So we knew we had
to react quickly. And so it is not any one stripe or something that tells me I have a virus of a particular type here; it's the barcode that in bulk represents the whole thing. I'm hoping we can, for example,
use that even to get Wolfram Alpha to routinely do invention and discovery on the fly, and to find all sorts of wonderful stuff that no engineer and no process of incremental evolution would ever come
up with. Might we answer that clarion call with science, with reason, with facts, and, dare I say it, emotions? You remember, he keeps on going up to his uncle and almost killing him. And then he backs away,
and he goes up to him again and almost kills him. Zvika: We have no information. Then suddenly, it started to get on front pages. One neuron can be connected to so many other neurons, because there can be
synapses at these points of contact. The intensity of the upspring. One mango, two mangoes, three mangoes, 10,000 mangoes, 100,000 mangoes -- it's still more mangoes you can eat before they rot. That's me,
that's my sister Esther, who's talked to you before, This is a photographic representation, called Snapshots. So as soon as he made his change, it went to the recent changes page. Well 200 years, we calculated,
is at the end of our direct contact with the world. We turn to the person on the right, and we tell that person what we see on our left, In other words, personality and character's being developed in this
dough under the watchful gaze of the baker. It's a kind of Hudson River school landscape interspersed with copses of trees. But somehow we can insulate ourselves from this problem. They go from a couple of
inches to a couple of feet. Have you yourself experienced any of the syndromes you write about? And whatever happens in this uniquely crucial century will resonate into the remote future and perhaps far
beyond the Earth, far beyond the Earth as depicted here. Well, naturally, you decide to row across the Pacific. Well, it's one or two mutants. Anyway -- so basically, Roots and Shoots is beginning to change
young people's lives. Next line of code: make a stem. So let me show you some of nature's patterns that are the result of this. Now what I want to convince you of is the brain also goes through a lot of effort
to reduce the negative consequences of this sort of noise and variability. Let me try and tell you -- I don’t mean to insult you, but look, if I -- and I’m not doing this for real because it would be an
insult, so I’m going to pretend, and it softens the blow -- I’m going to tell you what you’re thinking. But I am here to tell you that, based on my experience, people are not where they live, or what their
life situation is at any given time. I didn't heed it; no, I organized it and I directed it. Clinically, he literally couldn’t walk across the street without getting severe chest pain; within a month, like
most people, was pain-free, and within a year, climbing more than 100 floors a day on a Stairmaster. You know, we have a fairly interesting situation right now. And it's the best thing and the most nutritious
and refreshing thing you can drink on a hot day in the tropics, so I said sure. Announcer: One five will get you 10, 10 will get you 20. But of course, that's a little bit like kissing your sister as far
as driving a car, Volkswagon was 11,333. This is what it actually looks like. And it seems like it's happening all the time. I thought we'd talk about the new zoo. And they end up looking like stone. It's a
pharmaceutical product. But I'm really hopeful. My own epiphany as a conservationist came in 1953, while a Harvard graduate student, searching for rare ants found in the mountain forests of Cuba, ants that
shine in the sunlight -- metallic green or metallic blue, according to species, and one species, I discovered, metallic gold. Robert Friedman: You know it's funny, because when I first hear it, it is the
ultimate respect for an audience. So once you know how to fly in formation, you can actually pick up objects cooperatively. it's called the language of compact. And so we need a post-conflict compact. It
didn't happen to me, it happened to somebody else, but it's going to be worth your time." And these ages of man are still at work today. But we've become totally disconnected from them. But these bad projects,
which were absolutely damaging -- for the economy for many generations, for the environment, for thousands of families who had to be resettled -- I'm like, "Oh, God." I went. What's the regulation of the
reserve and what is the regulation of the parks? What was not mentioned in the Discovery documentary was that the bait squid that Dr. Kubodera used, a one-meter long diamondback squid had a light attached
to it, a squid jig of the type that longline fishermen use, and I think it was this light that brought the giant in. Because I wasn't exactly sure how I felt about that question. And you'll see why 1984
won't be like "1984." They can pause, repeat at their own pace, at their own time. And they thought about it and they even wrote papers about it: "Where are the little dinosaurs?" We made it into a sailing
craft. Now, I'm not sure I would have necessarily recommended everyone at TED to go and check it out anyway. Chance favors the connected mind. Living with a physical disability isn't easy anywhere in the
world, but if you live in a country like the United States, there's certain appurtenances available to you that do make life easier. Stefon Harris: There are no mistakes on the bandstand Now, if we turn
the polarizers around just a little bit, we can actually bring that specular reflection of the skin back in, and you can see she looks kind of shiny and oily at this point. But, the problem was that it
didn't allow us much time. Is this an envelope we're living inside of, or no, does it go onto infinity in both time and space? You've got a cruel sense of humor, TED. This frustrated and confused me; I don't
know, and I should. In the real world, we have people who collaborate; we have people who have to work together, and we have many different displays. And that's what is going to happen to Humberto, unless
he does something. Essentially the bottom of the sea came onto the deck and then was thrown down. That is for people who can see a marine protected area and who can benefit from the insight that it provides,
which enables them to reset their baseline. Viagra, right? Why? Because a lot of guys need it. The chances of failure are very high, but it certainly won't happen if we don't try to make it happen. And why
are they upset? Because they have nothing to do. He has designed this plate with a handle. I couldn't remember the number at work, so I remembered, in my office I had a business card with my number on it.
So I go into my business room, I pull out a three-inch stack of business cards. Rockports -- they're for this. And we were rather pleased about that, frankly, because she was the main reason we were leaving
the country. When the Yankees saw them coming, they'd lay down their guns and hide. It's the most off-track Millennium Development Goal. Less than 5,000 microbial species have been characterized as of two
years ago, and so we decided to do something about it. Well, first of all, when you have a big chip like this, you need a little bit more informatics, so we designed the system to do automatic diagnosis. So
over here, you can see how the computer understands the environment, We see, "I feel like I have been at a computer all day." It's not something that comes to us from books and theories. So, you see that
on the other side of ice you have the unknown, you have the non-obvious, you have the non-seen, for the people who don't dare to go through the ice. I saw that the front lines of contemporary wars are not
on isolated battlefields, but right where people live. There is one unfinished challenge that's been calling out to me for most of my adult life. He said, "For three years, my girlfriend and I, we've made
it this Sunday morning ritual to visit the PostSecret blog together and read the secrets out loud. First: Is something an artistic object? You may think that I've cheated, that I've put a little whiter-than-white
boundary there. Why has the record been so poor? I want to conclude with a music video. I gave of my time and my money, And within numbers, is there an underlying secret to the universe? This is a call for
every true Mexican to join this initiative. I'm scared and I'm angry." And then she turned to me and said, "Dad, your generation created this problem; you'd better fix it." Wow. they are extraordinary communicators. What's
the money in so far? Who invested? She had to look like a man. They reported this to WHO. WHO took a little while taking action because WHO will only receive a report from a government, because it's the
United Nations. And let me just quickly mention two, one, drawing from the domain of engineering, and one from the clinic. And this is visible in the unstoppable change in language -- People like Kenneth
Miller could be called a "godsend" to the evolution lobby -- -- because they expose the lie that evolutionism is, as a matter of fact, tantamount to atheism. I wonder what Karl Marx would have made of Min
and her sisters. It could do the "if then" for basic programmers, and that fundamentally made it into a computer. Everything comes out of a point; you have infinite density. And all the equations break down. Well,
it can mean a lot of things. Oh my! There's so many of you. And so through a process of selection evolution, we went from being able to have a virus that made a crummy battery to a virus that made a good
battery to a virus that made a record-breaking, high-powered battery that's all made at room temperature, basically at the bench top. It thought of itself as being disconnected from the Internet, but it
was possible for somebody to smuggle a USB drive in there, or something like that, and software got in there that causes the centrifuges, in that case, to actually destroy themselves. I think he's one of
the most incredible men in relation to international politics -- in Afghanistan, in Iraq. Here's the thing. Why don't we think about honeybees in that same type of way? HA: They teach us to use machine guns,
Kalashnikov, rocket launchers, grenades, bombs. I'm really scared. And then, inexpensive signage. What kind of world do we want? And they burst, and they spill their guts into the bread. I began operating my
business with 1-2-3, began writing add-ins for 1-2-3, wrote a natural language interface to 1-2-3. It doesn't have to be huge -- couple of tons, not that big -- and you park it near the asteroid. So this
is a picture from a Galapagos trip that we took with some wastewater treatment engineers; they purify wastewater. There was a 65-year-old woman in Duluth, Minnesota last year that was found frozen and without
a pulse in her front yard one morning in the winter, and they brought her back to life. That is going to be the price. Both of these guys were coming from a mathematical perspective, but Turing told us something
very important. Whereas China could get healthy much earlier, And that material then we take back to the lab and analyze it. She can't understand the dialogue. When we focus on ourselves in any activity, we
do turn that part of ourselves off if there's another person. And these are animals that had never seen humans before, and I was one of the first people they probably had ever seen. Second is that one dollar
of aid could be 10 cents; it could be 20 cents; or it could be four dollars. Three hours of bottom time, average distance traveled -- one mile. If you had caught me straight out of college in the halls of
the Vermont State House where I was a lobbyist in training and asked me what I was going to do with my life, I would have told you that I'd just passed the Hanyu Shuiping Kaoshi, the Chinese equivalency
exam, and I was going to go study law in Beijing, and I was going to improve U.S.-China relations through top-down policy changes and judicial system reforms. That was their perception. I was the guinea
pig., I'm telling you, this was, like -- talk about a tourist attraction. And we even find it in neanderthals and animals. to say these airplanes were trespassing. None of this is Photoshopped. These are
real creatures. Thank you -- yes, I designed the dialog box. No, no, no. And they sent me off to school, just to get busy somewhere there. If you go to other sources of data such as Human Development Index,
go back to the early 1970s, you see exactly the same contrast. Thankfully, there isn't any audio to go with this. Audience: Eight. AB: Eight. I have passed his memory -- as well as his love of baseball --
on to my boys. She was a single woman about to go alone into a country, not even speaking the language, to travel alone by bus and boat to go to a beach she did not know or had never seen. These are all
very good qualities. So suddenly, I was interested in human-powered flight -- -- and did not -- the way I approached it, first, thinking about ways to make the planes, was just like they'd been doing in
England, and not succeeding, and I gave it up. I figured, nah, there isn't any simple, easy way. He connected with people who cared about this: Nobody wants a chemist to come in and poke around in their
stuff like that and change things. Aww, thank you. The other thing that we've done, as we've continued to increase demand, is that we kind of play a shell game with the costs. I remember his son had the L.L.
Bean bootlaces, and we're trying to do up his laces. And this is what the next piece is about. We literally gained market share. And those interactions allow for error correction, and they allow the shapes
to go from one state to another state. We call these behavioral markers. People believe that when we deal with physical attraction, we see somebody, and we know immediately whether we like them or not, attracted
or not. Let's give him a name, too: Nelson. This is a Brain Coral living in Tobago that's around 2,000 years old. Their brains on average, by the end, were bigger than yours and mine in this room today. Okay,
so I just want to take a sentence or two to say something about the encoder and what it's doing, because it's really the key part and it's sort of interesting and kind of cool. This would not be possible
to do that in economic fashion for a traditional company. So the three-and-a-half billion people that suffer every year as a result, and the two million kids that die every year, will live. Everything on
this planet -- everything -- works by cycles and rhythms. They can connect us to our deepest humanity or with people we'll never meet. And something that motivates me, and what gets me really excited about
my research, is when I see simple opportunities to drastically change that distribution and make the technology accessible to a much wider percentage of the population. I wore a sanitary pad. I filled animal
blood in a football bottle, I tied it up here, there is a tube going into my panties, while I'm walking, while I'm cycling, I made a press, doses of blood will go there. That's nothing new: that's a propeller
clock; Human beings are a social species. If you have a UTI, you've probably -- or ever had a UTI -- you've come in contact with this little bug. Certainly, nothing can give you more optimism than that. Imagine
that. It's only seven miles, but only two people have been there, 49 years ago. I'm sorry to laugh here, but you do look so different than you did in Haight-Ashbury in the '60s. Man: But I, yeah, I think
there's an opportunity. As the strike continues, there's an opportunity for more people to experience video on places like MySpace TV. But we're also studying just a small part of what makes us interesting
as human beings, and so I would invite other people who are interested in this to ask us for the software, or even for guidance on how to move forward with that. And you can imagine being on an island hoping
you're going to see penguins, and you're in the middle of an El Nino event and there are no penguins. The point is, we have to let our children succeed on their own terms, and yes, on occasion, fail on
their own terms. And she just had this quality that you always wanted to be near her. How much of the light is being dimmed depends on how big the planet is. In fact, Dante says you can't understand the three
deeper levels unless you first understand the literal level, They know this is the mass audience of the future; they need to figure it out. But knowing that molecule is valuable, because it tells us how
to turn up this behavior and what turns it off. "Abdul, are you okay?" "Yeah, I was saying hello for half an hour. In what language? Certainly not the language of mathematics, in which, Galileo rightly said,
the book of nature is written. We've got some pretty amazing neurology and other people." In a lot of different respects -- the restaurant McDonald's. So just when you think it's all over, something else
happens, some spark gets into you, some sort of will to fight -- that iron will that we all have, that this elephant has, that conservation has, that big cats have. If we hadn’t, then probably this would
be the height of sexiness. With Wolfram Alpha inside Mathematica, you can, for example, make precise programs that call on real world data. We also got some bad news in the storm that Beck Weathers, another
climber, had collapsed in the snow and was dead. They may feel confident, say, in taking out mortgages they really can't afford. They've funded research that shows that we can double global palm oil production
without cutting a single tree in the next 20 years, and do it all in Borneo alone by planting on land that's already degraded. Colin Camerer: Neuroscience, game theory, monkeys And so the senior citizens
realized that they needed to have an emergency meeting. Or even better, "Let me get one of the green kids who are already proficient in that concept to be the first line of attack and actually tutor their
peer." He spelled Moriarty with only one 'i'. And we want to play a little piece for you by one of the most important composers A Mexican composer: Arturo Marquez. The question is how. You may be wondering,
"How do you make artificial semen?" They are happy. They don't have problems. And DNA, of course, is the beautiful molecule that contains that information. So at those deep oceanic vents, fantastic chemistry
began to happen, and atoms combined in all sorts of exotic combinations. What happened to me might have been catastrophic, if not for the fact that I was in reach of good surgical access. It's about understanding,
when you eat, that there are also many people who are still in this situation, who are still struggling for their daily food. So these three guys all understand how to productively channel dollars through
our local economies to meet existing market demands, reduce the social problems that we have now and prevent new problems in the future. And they made this into a game, initially. And another program called
Statistical Probability Mapping then performs mathematical calculations to determine whether any of these abnormalities are clinically significant, allowing us to provide a much more accurate neurological
diagnosis of the child's symptoms. At the San Diego zoo, his frozen zoo has collected the tissues from over 1,000 species over the last 35 years. How have I insulted my host?" He pointed at three grains
of rice at the bottom of my bowl, and he said, "Clean." I thought, "My God, you know, I go around the world telling people to stop wasting food. And it's like a dial on human nature. This is the world --
there won't be you as a pilot. And I know the pilots in the audience aren't going to like that -- and I've had a lot of bad feedback from people who want to be up there, flying around and experiencing
that. And so some of these things are actually more geared toward expression and communication. that is exactly the size of the base of the spaceship. She was trying to force-feed me. She's pushing me around. Well,
I myself have spent the past 30 years of my life working on three large projects that really try to take the idea of computation seriously. Many blind people use them to read pages on the Web to themselves. and
it's going to have a wonderful and profound and humanizing effect on our culture. It began with a small group of people who decided they would commit. Globally, we have policies, international instruments,
work leaders. You should stay cool with the appropriate clothing. Openness isn't the end. Here's another pet one of mine: you have a printer. But it is a place where sex workers and their clients come. Well
ladies and gentlemen, there's a time-honored system, which composers have been using for hundreds of years, which proves actually that it does. This is me. My name is Ben Saunders. And then even better is
we take a video, a video of someone filling it up. any hypothesis is shaky. Unlike the smashed glass of my car, plasticity of the brain means that there was always a possibility, with treatment, to train
the brain so that you can regain and raise your level of awareness and consciousness. We actually put an expiry date on all our childhood problems. It's all in the way that you think about people that often
determines their behavior. I mean, you can talk about that stuff, and you can write these large reports, and you can get government money to do it, but these -- they actually measured it, and it turns out
that in the last 10 years -- that's why they say "decadal" there -- that the energy -- that the level of what they call "imbalance" has been way the hell over what was expected. And again, there's a valid
test of what your five highest strengths are. And if it were not for these places that show hope, I don't think I could continue doing this job. Well, that's why I take every performance so seriously, why
it matters to me so much. In fact, we don't even know what any of these objects say, and that's because the Indus script is undeciphered. And there were even some polls that were saying she was going to
go all the way. for the long-term benefits of the country and in the process, evict millions of people -- that's just a small technical issue. And the judge found us -- reluctantly found us not guilty, so
... CA: That is outrageous. You will have seen something like this -- this is the reverse effect. You know, foie gras by definition, force feeding, it's gavage, and that's what you get when you want foie
gras. And together they changed the fate of their nation. The Israelis would not want to have an economic blockade imposed on them, but they impose one on Gaza, and they say, "Well, the Palestinians, or
some of them, have brought this on themselves." This is an education project, not a laptop project. One of the many ways that users shaped the evolution of Twitter was by inventing a way to reply to a specific
person or a specific message. So, this syntax, the " that Shaquille O'Neal's using here to reply to one of his fans, was completely invented by users, and we didn't build it into the system until it already
became popular and then we made it easier. isn't that you can see the world as it is. So the seemingly impossible is possible. There're some very delightful names. In a nutshell, you can think of physics as
follows. So you take a chunk of reality you want to understand and you translate it into mathematics. That is, we have to seriously play God, not just change people's lives, but make the universe, right. I've
been doing this for seven years. Of course, we were just eight and 10. And he would say, "Ruby, what are you saying?" And she'd say, "I'm not talking." And finally he said, "Ruby, I see that you're talking. You
are still alive. And if you are still alive you have to serve.'" And she said, "I'm not a doctor who gives out pills. It took us three years to double our price performance of computing in 1900, two years
in the middle; we're now doubling it every one year. You know, if God's going to show up, He's not going to show up on cheese bread. It didn't come from there. The mountain bike came from users, came from
young users, particularly a group in Northern California, who were frustrated with traditional racing bikes, which were those sort of bikes that Eddy Merckx rode, or your big brother, and they're very
glamorous. OK. I'm at the third and last part of this, which I said I would make an attempt to at least give you some examples that may be more directly related to the world of entertainment. Solar flares
are enormous magnetic outbursts from the Sun that bombard the Earth with high-speed subatomic particles. In plate tectonic theory, we knew that if you had plates collide, it made sense: they would crush
into one another, you would thicken the crust, you'd uplift it. So, there's no technology in the world that can span 11 orders of magnitude. And I'll give you some examples with those three questions. So
how humans and chimpanzees behave differently might tell us a lot about brain evolution. But I've been trying to think about ways to give power to these independent voices, to give power to the filmmakers,
to give power to people who are trying to use film for change. If you're curious, if you have a capacity for wonder, if you're alive, you know all that you need to know. Do you know of any car that didn’t
have a maker? Yes/No. They're all big. So my next film is called "Paani" which means water. And one of our most popular managers jokes that, this is what he says, "Google is a place where the inmates run
the asylum." He throws the first mate to the ground. These are mosquitoes who carry the malarial parasite which infests our blood when the mosy has had a free meal at our expense. And I knocked on the door,
and Hyun-Sook answered the door, and her eyes were bloodshot, and she seemed to be in shock. She didn't recognize me -- there was no recognition whatsoever. But seriously, this issue on anonymity is --
I mean, you made the case there. We see that the signal that's actually in the heart, we can use it to tell people that they're having a heart attack even before they have symptoms so we can save their
life. And that is, there is a sudden emergence and rapid spread of a number of skills that are unique to human beings like tool use, the use of fire, the use of shelters, and, of course, language, and the
ability to read somebody else's mind and interpret that person's behavior. And maybe ... We all need to help. Ecosia is an Internet search engine. And yet, you yourself defy all those characterizations. He
said, "I was so moved. I went back and I transformed my entire company into a one-buttock company." It doesn't care about the consequences because it can't, because it's just information being copied. Peter
Hirshberg on TV and the web And a quote that sounds largely reminiscent from everything I've been reading all week. I showed some of it at earlier TEDs before, under the title "Things I've Learned in My
Life So Far." OK, so, I initially felt really superior to these boys, and smug in my more conventional faith. But then, the more I thought about it, the more I had to be honest with myself. There's this
little flicker, and then as he turns it ever so slightly more, the whole of that green line disappears, and instead there are these little sort of inky dust devils close to the needle. and the Big Bang
theory. And when I was at Stanford, I found myself, my senior year, chemical engineering major, half the folks thought I was a political science and performing arts major, which was sort of true because
I was Black Student Union President I think something's going on there." And they said, "Well, we can take you there, but you can't go inside because that's the sacred altar, where we do sacrifices every
year to keep up those annual cycles of fertility for the fields." And I started to realize that the cycles of fertility were just like the recursive cycles in the geometric algorithm that builds this. We're
doing this in an environmentally responsible way. Not quite John Travolta yet, but we're working on that as well, I can also make him spin. So, one of the growing fields that we're working on at the Media
Lab right now is music, mind and health. They're not sitting in front of the mirror trying to figure themselves out, or thinking about themselves. In the first panel, we see the moment of creation. So, sensors
are looking at that kind of voice. The mainstream media often paints my generation as apathetic, and I think it's much more accurate to say we are deeply overwhelmed. One is the Western world, defined mostly
by Western Europe and the United States, has made an awful lot of progress. it's chemosynthetic environment down there driving it, and it's all so ephemeral. As a lawyer, I've got to say these guys are inventing
the law and stare decisis and stuff like that as they go along. So I was crushing up these pieces of glass, This is actually about discovering new things that pop up on the web. The best collaboration, of
course, is with children. Rick Smolan: I'm sure there's about 40 things she's going to tell me, "That wasn't what happened, that wasn't what you said." And this is not in some abstract metaphorical sense. Now,
here's the story. It wasn't just compassion for Europe, though there was that. AV: Yeah, and then you have your first child, And what you find is, of course, people who eat veg and olive oil have fewer skin
wrinkles. But if we zoom in and take the perspective of, say, a little ant walking around -- There ain't no first time. This is one place where women were never -- even the older ones barely sat in the circle
with the men. I was appointed as a teaching assistant at my university because I accomplished with honor. Because science is easy, right? In fact, the drops that were different in a way that caused them to
be better at incorporating chemicals around them, grew more and incorporated more chemicals and divided more. That's the weird side coming out again, and a lot of companies don't understand that. I propose
that we attempt to find a connectome of a frozen brain. My mother explained the magic with this machine the very, very first day. And the difference in the two is 16 days. BG: Well it's hard to say. Fracking
came out in '47, and don't believe for a minute when our president gets up there and says the Department of Energy 30 years ago I don't know what in the hell he's talking about. He said, "You know, you've
been so nice, let's split the reward." That is to say, at that time it was believed that there was nothing up there except the branches of Redwood trees. Today, after 20 years of watching TV geared to make
me emotional, even a decent insurance commercial can bring tears to my eyes. It's made to look like the inside of an English sailing ship. We don't, however, really understand at a mathematical level. This
is a permanent magnet. Now, "horsing" is going for a horse ride. Mahmoud had looked taller. It's become this intense industrialized zone. 60,000 species are known to science, but more than 1.5 million have
been estimated to exist. When these girls sit, you unlock intelligence, you unlock passion, you unlock commitment, you unlock focus, you unlock great leaders. If you're an accountant, and a box-ticker, the
only thing you can do in these circumstances is buy cheaper shit. And you can see, the world is crazily green. Many people, I think, on our planet right now despair, and they think we've reached a point
where we've discovered most of the things. And that's very powerful to me. Status is really good motivator. And in this project we've developed a form of intelligent real-time subtitles. And now that I'd
returned, that dream had become reality, though a fragile reality. Half of the energy is used by one seventh of the world's population. And then, what population of the Earth would be an equilibrium that
could continue on, and be for 2050, 2100, 2150? Because the students made puff pastry and that's what the school ate every day. But here, Brian captured a unique view by positioning himself underneath the
boat when they threw the waste overboard. Our research on the biomechanics of animal locomotion has allowed us to make a blueprint for a foot. And I got all these force measurements, and then I went and
looked at the force output of the system. WK: After I dropped out of school, I went to library, and I read a book that would -- "Using Energy," and I get information about doing the mill. They scribe along
a place there. And two things really flow from this. Now why is that important? So therefore, if I translate this piece of music, we have this idea. Henry Markram says the mysteries of the mind can be solved
-- soon. Mental illness, memory, perception: they're made of neurons and electric signals, and he plans to find them with a supercomputer that models all the brain's 100,000,000,000,000 synapses. scientists
change the answer to "How fast does the average child learn how to read in that classroom?" It's in the middle of Soho, in this working class neighborhood, this little girl becomes sick and it turns out
that the cesspool, that they still continue to have, despite the Nuisances Act, bordered on an extremely popular water pump, local watering hole that was well known for the best water in all of Soho, that
all the residents from Soho and the surrounding neighborhoods would go to. CA: So just tell us, very quickly in the last minute, the story: what happened in Iceland? The effect of this, of course, is it's
not just amber waves of grain, it is mountains of stuff. The first Parikrma school started in a slum where there were 70,000 people living below the poverty line. And one time my mother asked me to get some
medicine for a younger sibling. So I wish you the best of all possible journeys and the courage to speak softly. And everybody's dogs at home have an autobiographical self to a certain degree. and that's
because they need to be kept cold. So how do we get there? He said, "It's much better to drive into a ditch with a $6 allowance than a $60,000-a-year salary or a $6 million inheritance." And that is going
to change our worldview in a profound way -- not in a dissimilar way as 400 years ago, by changing the way we view space and time. And here, a company which licensed this herbal pesticide put a photograph
of the innovator on the packing so that every time a user uses it, it asks the user, "You can also be an innovator. What do you eat? One of my favorite dishes on expedition: butter and bacon. It's about
a million calories. And then I was left with these little ugly flakes on my pasta that, you know, their purpose had been served, And I was dying. She was absolutely not giving me a thing. You'll be in a massive
headwind. And what really intrigued me was when I saw that diet accounts for 30 to 35 percent of environmentally caused cancers. When I realized the power of this new world, I quit my safe teaching job,
and set up a virtual business school, the first in the world, in order to teach people how to make this happen, and I used some of my learnings about some of the rules which I'd learned on myself. I was
two years older than my sister at the time -- I mean, I'm two years older than her now -- but at the time it meant she had to do everything that I wanted to do, and I wanted to play war. We don't have time
to go into all of those details, but basically, that works too. and that's not a good score. So, fairness to one and to the other Look at this picture. And, you know, after keeping these books for a number
of years, I started to become very interested in collecting not only my own personal artifacts, but also the artifacts of other people. And I thought, "No way, no way." Granted, it's limited, but we have
learned what it takes in order to actually construct it. Recycling of plastic in many developing countries means the incineration of the plastic, the burning of the plastic, which releases incredible toxic
chemicals and, once again, kills people. and that is when they are wading through water. Panbanisha is enjoying playing her harmonica, until Nyota, now one year old, steals it. And what you see here is a
mouse trying to solve a maze. They have more than the government, and they've got more guns than the government. as I hope that you've been able to see from the photographs. She had to impersonate a man. Frankly,
what we're seeing now in this environment is a massive time, when the entire world is changing as we move from a time when audience numbers are plummeting. It is about what we feed them. And politicians
can be aware, and should be aware that, when people around the world are looking at them, are looking at their nation and picking up their cues for whether they are in a zero-sum or a non-zero-sum relationship
with a nation -- like, say, America, or any other nation -- human psychology is such that they use cues like: Do we feel we're being respected? You can catch errors with it, it's unambiguous in its reading,
there are lots of good things about binary. And now the challenge is in execution. Laughter is contagious. Passion is contagious. and that means that hobbyists and ordinary folks can get a hold of this and
begin playing with 3D printers. And fortunately, in the course of this project, the transplant surgeons and the other people decided, forget common practice. We have to switch. But, the issue is that when
I talked about that example, it's not just about talking about India, it's not propaganda. with the right pricing we can undo that. That's the beginning of desire, that exploratory needs curiosity, discovery. There's
a story in the sea, in the waters of the sea, in the sediments and the rocks of the sea floor. brain,economics,global issues,health,technology,women So they're cutting out the little pieces of cardboard
here and pasting them up. It was the origin of the Xerox copier, which celebrated its 50th anniversary last year. You can't manipulate it very well, although I'll show something about that in a moment. The
amount of time spent drawing ranged from four seconds to 46 minutes. Unfortunately, that hasn't been done sufficiently for the National Science Foundation, National Institute of Mental Health or anybody
else to really look at it in this way seriously. So that was what happened when we had a couple of -- that's what happened when you had a couple of -- OK, OK, OK -- -- they don't like each other. So It took
me some time to come to my senses. So here would be a frequency plot of how often you find each of the 26 letters of the alphabet in a text written by random monkeys. And they are good, scientific, robust
answers. Here we have 49 famous computers. I put them in a logarithmic graph. In the entire 50 years of television that we studied, seven of 10 shows ranked most highly for irreverence appeared on air during
the Vietnam War, five of the top-10 during the Nixon administration. Elizabeth Lindsey: Curating humanity's heritage I could not get rid of them. Together, may we journey well. In the spring of 1996, with
my goal of making the U.S. Paralympic team that May coming up full speed, I joined the women's track team. Typically, because we can create products very rapidly, it's been used by product designers, or
anyone who wanted to prototype a product and very quickly create or reiterate a design. So with that, let me just show you a quick video to get you in the mood of what we're trying to explain. And, of equal
importance is, we test ARES in the Earth's atmosphere, at 100,000 feet, which is comparable to the density and pressure of the atmosphere on Mars where we'll fly. It knows how big it is. I'm going to put
them in a bad situation. A third is that I wanted hot water for tea -- that's an intentional argument. They had never paid him any attention before -- old man, small mosque -- but now they began to pay visits,
and sometimes they would drag him in for questions, and always the same question: "Why did you name your granddaughter Jihad? And I'm going to explain exactly what damage is in concrete biological terms
in a moment. The only exception is the naked Somalian mole-rat, which never puts its nose above the surface of the ground. David Deutsch on our place in the cosmos And sort of like my dream to be involved. Ultimately,
we now live in a world defined not by consumption, but by participation. This is insanity. Turns out I think he's actually a computer scientist. We're actually going to make the left, left payoff for the
matcher a little bit higher. Usually -- one hopes -- innocently, but misrepresented evidence. It's about taking those artistic people in your community and doing some fabulous designs in those raised beds
to explain to people what's growing there, because there's so many people that don't really recognize a vegetable unless it's in a bit of plastic with a bit of an instruction packet on the top. Are you
guys ready again -- "The Graduate"? This is a shot of Cannery Row in 1932. And this nonpartisanship is something that exists, that has existed in secret in America for years and years and years. The Prakash
Center will integrate health care, education and research in a way that truly creates the whole to be greater than the sum of the parts. They have located two consultants, Frank Wilson and Nate Johnson, So
we have this special theory of evolution that applies only to organic biology, to us. I was like, "Yes?" Here is what you show subjects. I think it comes from millions of years of holding that baby in front
of your face, cajoling it, reprimanding it, educating it with words. And that was true until I got to college. So in 1992, this fellow, George Bush, for those of us who were kind of on the liberal side of
the political spectrum, didn't seem like such a great guy. Glasses are not very expensive. They're quite plentiful. And they'd give me their orders for the following week. Who's got the dangerous troublemaker
view? It's covered with a crocheted netting that is embedded with mushroom spores. And sometimes -- actually, once it was on Page Six in the Post, that I was cruising this guy, like, sort of, whatever, but
I was actually just following because he had these really great shoes on. In our species, we don't like doing that. They have to engage in courtship. It's taking profits from one place and allocating them
into the protection of ecological resources. Here they are. It's an open network, everybody is sharing. We can see it all. Was that okay for my first time? But there's still potential for discovery of big
and exciting things. Well, first of all, let me thank Emeka -- as a matter of fact, TED Global -- for putting this conference together. We were totally dependent during those years on this amazing acronym,
which is MAD. If you were not Abu Azzam's daughter ... Anyway, I'd rather have Paradise in my head than live in this hell! And the facade of the parking, we wanted to make the parking naturally ventilated, And
one of the key points in the science of happiness is that happiness and unhappiness are not endpoints of a single continuum. That guy is rockin'. So when I said that, they said, "Well show us what is possible.
What are you doing? I'm looking at nerves here. So these are nerves you see, down on the bottom, and the microscope probe that's being held by the robotic hand, up at the top. It's said to be the most successful
ever invention of a word by a known individual. Now I'm not naive. Now, it's not just that this guy fed a huge amount of people in the world. It's that this is the net effect in terms of what technology
does, if you What happened in agriculture? Well, if you take agriculture over a century, agriculture in about 1900 would have been recognizable to somebody planting a thousand years earlier. Yeah, the
plows look different. The machines were tractors or stuff instead of mules, but the farmer would have understood: this is what the guy's doing, this is why he's doing it, this is where he's going. What
really started to change in agriculture is when you started moving from this brute force engineering and chemistry into biology, and that's where you get your productivity increases. And as you do that
stuff, here's what happens to Basically, you go from 250 hours to produce 100 bushels, to 40, to 15, to five. Agricultural labor productivity increased seven times, 1950 to 2000, whereas the rest of the
economy increased about 2.5 times. This is an absolutely massive increase in how much is produced per person. So what I would encourage on an individual level to do, is to explore backwards as far as you
can go to the most clear, joyful, playful image that you have, He says, "I’ve got some good news. We have made a commitment that we will never let people come out of slavery on our watch, and end up as second
class citizens. And so it's incredible the amount of resources we've spent keeping our lawns, which are these useless biosystems. We have to do real-time competition." In our interconnected world, novel technology
could empower just one fanatic, or some weirdo with a mindset of those who now design computer viruses, to trigger some kind on disaster. Image Metrics is a markerless, performance-driven animation company. Although
at the same time we're losing an equivalent amount of existing arables to salinization and erosion. CH: Once more with vim. There I am like a bloody windmill again, you see. So, it's a fundamental problem. The
deforestation, especially for oil palm, to provide biofuel for Western countries is what's causing these problems. Injury crashes have dropped 76 percent, And technology has set us free -- So let's get going
because Africa, to some degree, is on a turnaround. We have a band named Leahy. How can this be made better? is that, if you start running the marathon at age 19, you will get progressively faster, year by
year, until you reach your peak at age 27. "And where does it go?" I was awakened once during the night. We removed 123,000 tons of concrete only from the riverbanks. We have vast budget deficits. I told her
I couldn't face it because the way the teacher was treating me, ridiculing me, and using me as an example of failure. And after 20 days we landed successfully in Egypt. but fortunately she has brought some
Novocaine. We have seen lateral shifts of power -- the power of Greece passed to Rome and the power shifts that occurred during the European civilizations -- but we are seeing something slightly different. creativity,design,happiness So
the surgeon can see inside the patient, through their lens, where the tumor is, where the blood vessels are. It's a natural process. It goes on in nature today, but also, as they say in the retail trade,
it's location, location, location. Time. How can you look at time? You type "pharmacy Chicago," or the zip code. Help me democratize sustainability by bringing everyone to the table and insisting that comprehensive
planning can be addressed everywhere. And we did, and we traveled around, and we spoke to elders, we spoke to doctors, we spoke to nurses, we held press conferences, we went out with soldiers, we sat down
with ISAF, we sat down with NATO, we sat down with the U.K. government. And figure goes to ground. So I guess that's my brand. Stay tuned for that. and Pablos Holman over here, he's got mosquitoes in the tank. He
says, "The initial organization of the brain does not depend that much on experience. All for want of two dollars' worth of medications that we can buy at the corner drugstore. They run some more of the
numbers, and at the end of about three or four weeks, turns out they have mapped the exact trajectory of this satellite around the Earth, just from listening to this one little signal, going off on this
little side hunch that they'd been inspired to do over lunch one morning. And we know this based on the machines that are being placed. A hot gas is producing emission lines only, no continuum. So I'm --
yeah, actually I'm kind of finished at that moment. Our disciplinary conventions were funny as well. So I'm going to leave you with seven things you can do right now to improve your health with sound. On
the other hand if you can't go, you can't have pleasure, you can't culminate, you don't have an orgasm, you don't get excited because you spend your time in the body and the head of the other and not in
your own. Give it a little push -- this becomes a rhombus. The concept was to really knit this rope together and develop this new soft infrastructure for the oysters to grow on. And you see him do it again. Let's
go back to the year 2000. So you know, you can actually download -- it's hard to remember those. A female child born tomorrow, on average -- median -- will live to age 83. But I have plans for my children. LM:
Most of my professors were all for it, and they said, "Bring pictures and show me the clips online," and "I'm happy for you." And yeah, we can see the artist has drawn a few lines and shapes and dropped
them any old way onto a yellow background. They did that in the summer, and it was very warm. and his secretary, who was kind of a hell on wheels type lady, called me and said, "Mr. Simon's sitting at his
desk and the water's coming in on his head." And I told her the Frank Lloyd Wright story. So everybody wants to have an English education, naturally. Now -- -- one guy laughed. So now, to find the queen,
do it this way: take back the other one, take back the queen. So how do you know if your breasts are dense? The subway train is coming. There's 75 people there. My favorite one was he was in the manhole.
And he popped out at the last second, took that shot. they cannot leave, they cannot go home. One of my favorite shows as a kid was "The Six Million Dollar Man," and this is a little bit closer to the 240
dollar man or so, but -- At at any rate. I would normally feel very self-conscious and geeky wearing this around, but a few days ago I saw one world-renowned statistician swallowing swords on stage here,
so I figure it's OK amongst this group. Shreddies is a strange, square, whole-grain cereal, only available in New Zealand, Canada and Britain. And so I'd feel a lot better about the whole thing if we could
somehow show that an everyday object also follows quantum mechanics. There may be one or two of you who are brilliant jelly bean guessers, but for the most part the group's guess would be better than just
about all of you. A puzzle is a problem that is fun to solve and has a right answer. Now, this is an interesting little message, and it's a lesson that has since, I think, been forgotten or lost or something,
and that is, namely, that the OS is the interface. You give it a pat behind the ears, and everything is all right again. And he drew again for the first time, in front of his family and friends -- and you
can only imagine what the feeling in the parking lot was. And then I come back to you. I'm focused on you, OK? So that's no emailing, texting, no Internet, no TV, no chatting, no eating, no reading, not
even sitting there reminiscing about the past or planning for the future. In the Middle East, conflict between Israelis and Palestinians continues unabated, and it becomes ever more difficult to see how,
just how a possible, sustainable solution can be achieved. Because it not only helps you with quantifying your sleep, but also tells others you're awake. Nathalia Crane was a little girl from Brooklyn. But
it didn't give them a clue. Joshua Klein: Yeah, yeah. Pretty interesting. God is going to fix all the problems in the world. We have to make kids understand that their food choices make a big difference. And
as I looked at it, to me it didn't make sense how we were approaching cancer, He was also famous for having no body. And I said to her, "Are you just doing this all the time?" Chris Anderson: While they're
taking the podium away, just a quick question. It starts with the global hubs. It's been tried all over the world, and teachers sort of stand back and say, "It just happens by itself?" And I said, "Yeah,
it happens by itself." "How did you know that?" I said, "You won't believe the children who told me and where they're from." Here's a SOLE in action. No time. It says I have two minutes left, so we can't
do this. It's about customizing to your circumstances and personalizing education to the people you're actually teaching. And doing that, I think, is the answer to the future because it's not about scaling
a new solution; it's about creating a movement in education in which people develop their own solutions, but with external support based on a personalized curriculum. It's the same animal, at least. One
square millimeter of a gecko's footpad has 14,000 hair-like structures called setae. They are used to help it grip to surfaces using intermolecular forces. Now I believe this is an interesting way of looking
at it because in every society, especially an open democratic society, it's only when ideas take root that things change. So that means that these flies have two abnormalities, or phenotypes, as we geneticists
call them, that one finds in ADHD: hyperactivity and learning disability. And he said, "Well we were mostly breaking stealth." Ford undressed. She spread one leg, and then the other. They were actually putting
blood inside my body. In Louisiana, about one in five white voters said, "Yes, one of the big reasons why I voted against Barack Obama is because he was an African-American." They are gay men on the party
scene who have, on average, three times more partners than straight people on the party scene. Here's how to relax your anxieties, if you have them: Understand that mathematics is a language ruled like
other verbal languages, or like verbal language generally, by its own grammar and system of logic. It continued to expand about 300 million years. But the indications of that on her body was that her intestine
was outside her body. A friend of mine explained to me, before the '79 revolution, it was two. After the revolution, three. So through microblogging, we are able to understand Chinese youth even better. And
I am astounded that I'm standing here to tell you that. I don't think that this transdisciplinary discourse is automatically going to happen; And my big failure? I came out with an entire record album and
hopefully a whole bunch of record albums in SACD format -- this remarkable new format -- and I marketed it straight to people with 20,000-dollar stereos. So based on the research by Marcelo Coelho from
MIT, Hannah created a series of paper speakers out of a wide range of materials from simple copper tape to conductive fabric and ink. It's a systems-level look at how education is administered and what
is being offered and to whom. Serve food at a soup kitchen. Clean up a neighborhood park. Be a mentor. And I want to mention that these seals were used for stamping clay tags that were attached to bundles
of goods, so it's quite likely that these tags, at least some of them, contain names of merchants. Because everybody has a digital camera or cell phone camera, they took pictures of everything. More than
1,000. So this is a newborn intensive care unit in Kathmandu, Nepal. So inside it's cool and humid, which means the plants need less water to grow. So to me, as a public health professor, it's not strange
that all these countries grow so fast now. Or Ryan, who can't go to school, because his immune deficient daughter can't be risked to have germs come into the house, so he couldn't leave the house. People
confuse, in my view, the order of the invention of the tools with the order in which they should use them for teaching. First of all, listen consciously. So if you imagine this day when all around the world
you have theaters from around the world and places where we project films. Well before I go any further, this is something worth sharing. So, the last thing we did, very quickly, is I took all those wish
balloons -- there were 117 interviews, 117 wishes -- and I brought them up to a place called Dochula, which is a mountain pass in Bhutan, at 10,300 feet, one of the more sacred places in Bhutan. A 400-foot-tall
calving face breaking off. Are you ready? Go. that are a group of animists, 3,000 animists, that live -- very small area -- surrounded by Islam -- there's 3,000 of these Kalash left; they're incredible people. It's
that will to live, that need to survive, to express itself, that comes in a car, and takes over people like me. Mariam is pregnant. We have a website, it's all there. These are the home recipes. So their
scores had gone up from zero to 30 percent, which is an educational impossibility under the circumstances. That's the way to handle this. It's a difficult theory to discount, I think you'll agree. And she
said maybe part of the reason was it was difficult for her. It looks like the Willy Wonka factory at this point. That is about three and a half billion U.S. dollars coming out of a small -- we used to be
resource-rich -- Caribbean country. Okay? The loving soul of the universe. And the secret is the ballot form. And what, if anything, do men have to do with it? Volunteers flew in, added a whole bunch of devices, but
the female needs the blood meal. So really my concluding point is you may not agree with religion, but at the end of the day, religions are so subtle, so complicated, so intelligent in many ways that they're
not fit to be abandoned to the religious alone; they're for all of us. I think that this will result in my surgeries with a better outcome and fewer complications." What needs to happen now is further development
of our technology along with development of the instrumentation that allows us to see this sort of fluorescence in the operating room. But, you know, we thought, well, it's at least 95 percent right or
99 percent right. He lives in a family home there with his eight brothers and sisters. I worked in a coal mine -- dangerous. And the idea of using technology is perfect for us. And 1957 -- the United States
had the same economy as Chile has today. For me, this kind of personifies this connected world, where everything is intertwined, and the dots are -- it's all about the dots joining together. Now, the resident
artist said they got some of their best ideas through the program because kids don't think about the limitations of how hard it can be to blow glass into certain shapes; He was in the Nativity play. Talk
to me. Yes. Yes. You can say yes. Now, the program says that the opposite of play is not work, it's depression. It's like having a little lawyer on your shoulders all day long, whispering in your ear, "Could
that go wrong? Might that go wrong?" It drives people from the smart part of the brain -- that dark, deep well of the subconscious, where instincts and experience, and all the other factors of creativity
and good judgment are -- But you have been the main sponsor that has enabled us to measure it, That was strictly a capital-markets phenomena. Well, that's what I'm going to talk about today, is how we're
using the tools of genetics, population genetics in particular, to tell us how we generated this diversity, and how long it took. And I remember watching my family go through that and thinking that I never
wanted another family to feel that kind of loss. They make that in some ways disgusting task of saying, which one should we do first, and which one should we do afterwards? And by the way, it's continued
to. So this suggests that maybe if there is an anti-angiogenic factor in skeletal muscle -- or perhaps even more, an angiogenic routing factor, so it can actually direct where the blood vessels grow -- Do
we care about their future? We started talking about slavery, and really, I started learning about slavery, for I had certainly known it existed in the world, but not to such a degree. You have to find some
vision where you see how hopeful it is, how it can be changed. All right. Why are you doing it? You're certain it's good because you read it before, saw it before, but you're hoping it's been long enough
you've forgotten, that there's variety. Time has been compressed. I did a study of the top epidemiologists in the world in October. I asked them -- these are all fluologists and specialists in influenza
-- and I asked them the questions you'd like to ask them. Is this promoting the progress of useful arts? This is rising. Comfort stays whole. You can't create this with standard manufacturing techniques even
if you tried to do it manually. This is a decrease by two-thirds. They got together, and together they had the proof. In this short talk from TED U, Joachim de Posada shares a landmark experiment on delayed
gratification -- and how it can predict future success. With priceless video of kids trying their hardest not to eat the marshmallow. Millions of people have contributed their desktop computers when they're
not using them to link together through the Internet into supercomputing collectives that help solve the protein folding problem for medical researchers -- that's Folding at Stanford -- to crack codes,
to search for life in outer space. And so what that means is we can unambiguously identify which species are which even if they look similar to each other, but may be biologically quite different. "Dear
Sir, Good day, compliments of the day, and my best wishes States mean less than they used to, and the power of the state is declining. What's your name? Where are you from? Infants don't respond to much. And
she's a very high-tech superintendent. where every little set of houses has their own cul-de-sac and drive-through Starbucks and stuff like that. Sometimes a single threat can polarize us, as we saw. It turns
out there's now about 192. And he said, "No, no, really. You can. You can't fight it, so embrace it and find a way to work with it. But I need a metabolism, I need some energy. There's a company in Boston
called Nanex, and they use math and magic and I don't know what, and they reach into all the market data and they find, actually sometimes, some of these algorithms. No, I'm looking actually at a special
version of PowerPoint over here, which shows me the slides ahead, the slides behind, my notes from here, so I can see what's going on. and that particular vaccine was made almost a decade ago. You need to
pull him. Hello, my name is Thomas Heatherwick. But then in the last two years, it goes up again to 39 percent, indicating a rising living cost. What now fits in our pockets would fit in a blood cell in 25
years. You can do a lot of things. On August 14th and 15th, they took a stool sample, and by the 25th of August, it was confirmed he had Type 1 polio. But this is a separate mechanism from vitamin D. This
is a robot, Autom. Arthur Benjamin's formula for changing math education Here's the Apple marketing video. this is hard to teach. Writing down the DNA was an interesting step. There's still cancer in your patient." And
here is the long-probosced fly that has not gotten any nectar from the mimic, But they happened to be wild dogs living there, and it was right by the water, so there were swans and ducks swimming around
and trees growing everywhere and bees nesting in the sugar barrels. He said, "I can't. This is the only thing I know, but I'll invent a machine, which will solve your problem." and each of those hairs has
the worst case of split-ends possible: about 100 to 1000 split ends that are nano-size. I didn't get out, but was in the water taking prednisone shots, taking Xanax, oxygen to the face. What is that idea? But
shared use is really key. If you share a vehicle, you can have at least four people use one vehicle, as opposed to one. SJ: Um, um. I didn't know where I was going, where I'd come from, and I panicked. I
had a total anxiety attack. She would, I think, let me know that I was going to starve. You may not appreciate the person, you may not appreciate anything else, but maybe you appreciate the fact that they've
got a tough gig. So this is the problem. So I have to do a little bit of the sort of work that a lot of you won't like, for the same reason that you don't like to see a magic trick explained to you. There
is a chemical that's called perflubron. I live and work from Tokyo, Japan. It's very straightforward -- you take a bunch of people, you split them in half, you treat one group one way, you treat the other
group the other way, and a little while later, you follow them up and see what happened to each of them. with Saddam's diplomats at the U.N. And that's what we're doing at the Redwood Neuroscience Institute. And
typically, there is a lot of variation, but if you have a dragonfly with, say, a one year life cycle, which is quite typical, the larva, living in the fresh water, lives for 10 or 11 months. in every single
subject, you'll be relieved to hear. I love this picture, because this is someone else's room and that's his room. And at the end of the day, these things make for a lifetime of challenge and reward. Where
are the urban sound planners? And you can see in the images afterward, we've managed to reconstruct her successfully. and most of them die. And me? Well, neither do I, but I see the impossible every day. But
I think we're in for another change, The water was cleaned, but because they got a lot of batteries, they were able to store a lot of electricity. This is the language of sterility. And he got me five acres
of land on San Francisco Bay and we got an architect and we got a general contractor and we got Herbie on the board, and our friends from HP, and our friends from Steelcase, and our friends from Cisco,
and our friends from Wells Fargo And along the way, I met this real short guy at my slide show in the Silicon Valley. But I knew that there were examples of creatures, also mammals, that do reduce their
metabolic rate such as ground squirrels and bears, in the water, in the world, in my body. In generations. This probe actually can't use chemical rockets. Now, Fact B: nothing in the world has that frequency
except S-H. And she'd say, "I'm not talking." And all I could hear was "Is this for us?" and that's of course relying on the fact that medicine goes digital. But they were onto something and they got better
at it. But they are really acting mostly as conduits. And so they invented the scientific journal as a way of synchronizing the argument across the community of natural scientists. So we put his writings,
letters, his interviews, correspondences, into a huge database of thousands of pages, and then used some natural language processing to allow you to actually have a conversation with him. These were the
fears that danced in the imaginations of these poor men, and as it turned out, the fear they chose to listen to would govern whether they lived or died. Or the 1963 Jaguar: And there's many of them, all
over its entire body. Here's what I mean. Politics and -- And as more of the pattern comes into view using new machines like the Large Hadron Collider, we may be able to see whether nature uses this E8 pattern
or a different one. We should be talking about half, a quarter, one-tenth the energy content. So, if you can imagine, some of these flowers, and they're actually moving and growing and you can film that
in X-ray, should be quite stunning. And a lot of the good news comes from that part of the bridge that we are trying to build as well. There are also real business benefits. For a long time, India was this
country of poverty, dust, beggars, snake charmers, filth, I could see they were looking for the schedule, to see when they could get out. Yes, I took German for three years, [German], and it was quite the
experience because I was the only black girl in the class, even in the UN school. So here's what Dan said. Now individually, digital, exponential and combinatorial would each be game-changers. It's really
cool. Now we have really made use of this, and we have tried to squeeze a lot of data into the system. It shows up at places like MIT, and then a mutation happens. I was able to differentiate all the degrees
of the color wheel. They say, "Well, it's got to be something that's nasty enough that people don't want to be hit with this weapon. And then I found that actors and actresses actually take their cues from
the floor, so it turned out that these sorts of sign systems began to make sense. So now I have to really figure out all kinds of stuff I don't know how to do. But we had a little bit over an hour where
we could've saved this pig's life. And this is an X-ray showing you the patent, functional blood vessel. Or look at the foreign word and the sounds: can you get a sense of the range of meanings that it's
pointing you towards? I told you last year, I'll tell you again, my mother was born in Egypt, and I -- who am I? You can also see the evolution of the one-child-only policy as it travels through the bloodline. If
you have something to give, give it now. Untestable -- that's when I'm in my coma. Data: Here's the first one. And we kind of object at first, saying, "Oh, that's awful." It's a love story -- she's sort of
the Norah Jones of the U.K. -- about how she much loves her guy, and compared to nine million bicycles, and so forth. This was a rented Ford Taurus. It was dinnertime, and we started looking for a place
to eat. Woman: You feel so trapped, when someone kind of leans over and you're sort of held captive there for a minute. A momentous thing that can happen to a culture is they can acquire a new style of arguing:
trial by jury, voting, peer review, now this. Right? Efharisto and kalinihta. And I said, "Of course it is." Unlike any pop culture phenomenon before it, video games actually allow us to become part of the
machine. This was after 9/11; the city was in tough times. and I said, "Skin color." "So biology, genetics?" she said. For every 100 girls who are expelled from school, there are 335 boys who are expelled
from school. And Ghosn came up and said, "I have the car, Mr. Peres; I will build you the cars." But what if it wasn't? He's coming up to the grandstand, fellow Federationists. But I was saying thanks all
the time, every day, and I started to change my perspective. And I started to realize the hundreds of little things that go right every day, that I didn't even notice, that I took for granted, as opposed
to focusing on the three or four that went wrong. Many things have been said about this. Some people have called a cyberwar what may actually be just a spy operation -- and obviously, a quite mishandled
one. They could outsource all their problems -- protection from predators, food finding, health maintenance. I've traveled all over the world in the last two and a half years -- I went to about 12 different
countries. It's from a study we did into illiteracy, and it's a guy in a teashop. Shrimp farms are a scourge on the earth, frankly, from an environmental point of view. So, now we can compute that the output
arranges material as well as information. And, ultimately, these are some slides from an early project I did, computing where the bits are stored quantum-mechanically in the nuclei of atoms, so programs
rearrange the nuclear structure of molecules. This fascination led me to submerge myself in art, study neuroscience and later to become a psychotherapist. And that challenge is: How do you do business, how
do you trust somebody on the Web who you want to do business with when you know that they're a criminal? And it's virtually impossible in nature to make that happen. And a few days later, I was practicing
on a single tightrope. Most people fall in between, and if we can work out where they fall we can work out how to negotiate with them to change their behavior. The octopus left my hands and then did the
damnedest thing: It landed on the bottom in the rubble and -- fwoosh! -- vanished right before my eyes. Given who is up on the stage, you'll be delighted to know that in fact there'll be no nudity, barring
a -- So we set out by looking at how these molecules are put together. But let's be frank. And what we do is we partner it with authentic learning experiences, private-based learning. Here's a couple. They're
sharing a moment together, and we've even done an experiment where you can cut out different pieces of this frame and you can still see that they're sharing it. They're sharing it sort of in parallel. There
are moments when losing your Queen is a brilliant thing to do. There's other love poems that are, of course, just as good, but I don't think this one can be surpassed. So, we're going to head over to the
dumpsters, where it's traditional, after a long day at the market, to go out for a break, but also stare up at the sky. And that is not a very nice feeling to see, and I saw it. And the gray dots are sites
that are also tracking me, but I have no idea who they are. And the translations of the surviving texts say, "This I will not treat. This I cannot treat." And what's crazy -- there's a recession going on,
even in Dubai, but you wouldn't know by the prices. It didn't happen accidentally. Treetop Barbie is a great example of that. And of course, we used to date and now we speed date. I found that I was no longer
at play. Fourth-graders love their dinosaurs, So they're working on enhancing everything: touch, smell -- everything they can, in order to find the perfect mate. And so this is constructed out of a heat reflected
material that serves to mediate the difference in temperature between the human body and the glacial ice. You can see some of the chaos that's happening in New York with the air traffic controllers having
to deal with all those major airports next to each other. So the project is going very, very well, and I urge you to check out the website and watch this space. And this is the trend in well-being over that
time, a small increase, but this is the trend in ecological footprint. Jay Walker: You know, economists love to talk about the stupidity of people who buy lottery tickets. But I suspect you're making the
exact same error you're accusing those people of, which is the error of value. The key physics principle here is when water boils to steam it expands by a factor of 1,600. There's a company called Apex,
a no-name Chinese firm, who has, several times in the past year, been the number-one DVD seller in America. Their average price, for last year, was 48 dollars. And in that time, I have seen a lot of changes. They
don't seem to mind, so far. The one percent will own even more than 40 percent of all the world's goods and services. Not because they've grown richer, but because the rest of the world has grown increasingly
poorer. It is a ceremonial pouring vessel made around 1700 for a Swedish Count, and it is very likely the object from which Hammett drew his inspiration for the Maltese Falcon. Every single person, every
single organization on the planet knows what they do, 100 percent. I think that it's telling us that there's new possibilities for self-assembly, replication, repair in our physical structures, our buildings,
machines. So they tracked their own private currency, and then players could bid afterwards for cool items they wanted -- all organized by the players themselves. But it turns out there is a very good reason
why we are crocheting it because many organisms in coral reefs have a very particular kind of structure. You know, that vegetables are actually colorful, that they have flavor, that carrots grow in the
ground, that strawberries grow in the ground. It's truly stunning that these organisms can do that, and we probably have thousands, if not tens of thousands, of different species on this planet that are
capable of doing that. And this Japanese macaque has made a snowball, and he or she's going to roll down a hill. I'm saying, "Be careful, be careful, be careful." Okay, that's cool. Thank you very much, you've
been a great audience. Can we cue the music please? Things like breast cancer and colon cancer are directly tied to our lack of physical [activity], So, the social layer is all about these connections. And
he designed this system, but it really didn't work, because his viruses were constantly destroying each other. You donate money to a cause, and you become emotionally involved in that cause. The end result
was six ministers resigned, the first speaker of the house in 300 years was forced to resign, a new government was elected on a mandate of transparency, 120 MPs stepped down at that election, and so far,
four MPs and two lords have done jail time for fraud. I'm 37, and my childhood ended in the mid-'80s, and I look at kids now, and I'm just amazed by the way they race around with more homework, more tutoring,
more extracurriculars than we would ever have conceived of a generation ago. But I decided no, it's a power to prevent, because that's what I learned when I was growing up. So if we refuse to talk to these
new groups that are going to be dominating the news in years to come, we will further radicalization, I believe. And thinking that, can an individual actually do something, or come up with something, that
may actually get some traction out there and make a difference? And then of course, there was the other adage. If you have epilepsy, there is an instance of billions of brain cells, or at least millions,
discharging in pathological concert. she was born with the virus. Whereas the future self wants the present self to save. I like that. But one of the things I've seen is this species -- and it is a species,
and it is a new paradigm, and it doesn't get reported in the press or in the media because I don't think good news ever is news, and I don't think people who are transforming the planet are what gets the
ratings on TV shows. These systems are really hard to build, but we're just starting to be able to get there, But that's not even all of it, because once a drug is approved, tissue engineering techniques
can actually help us develop more personalized treatments. -- her first night in the lab because she was going to make the sensor. You cannot selectively numb. For example, in my first TEDTalk, I did propose
that we should spend 21 billion hours a week as a planet playing video games. But it was six moves. Now with one move. We've got what's rational for public health. This was no small feat, because if you listen
to dermatologists, they say that you should have a shot glass full of sunscreen. They pine for love, they live for love, they kill for love, and they die for love. Looking ahead, there is a range of technologies
that are almost certain to be developed sooner or later. And they did. They donated land where we built the girls' school. We have. If entertainment can be diverted to also increase positive emotion, meaning,
eudaimonia, it will be good enough. Well we were talking on the human mind this morning. But in most of the rest of the world, that's not the case. They need to know where I'm doing my business, because they
want to know about my business. It's amazing. So this is the power of spectroscopy. Now, Nelson also has access to the Internet. Some of the firemen told me that they were also inspired to do better because
they were so pleased to get thank-yous rather than brick bats. Fifty percent of it is coming from America. And many of us feel it in love when lovers feel fused. They will sit in them forever. You know, this
is Nollywood, where the magic lives. Larry, you can explain this one. and a kind of "Eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow we die," sort of sense of existence. But it's not, it's early days. like something
that's warm gives off infra-red. We need those things too, but we're also bumping up against their limits. In the United States alone, 100,000 men, women and children are on the waiting list for donor organs,
and more than a dozen die each day because of a lack of donor organs. Is there any data to show that child seats are actually less effective, or just as effective as seatbelts for serious injury? Because
that would prove your case.) Steven Levitt: Yeah, that's a great question. In my data, and in another data set I've looked at for New Jersey crashes, I find very small differences in injury. She was maybe
eight feet tall and looked like she could beat me up with one hand, but instead she just nodded at me and said, "Hey, I really felt that. Thanks." Frequently, grandparents are raising their grandchildren
because parents, due to alcoholism, domestic violence and general apathy, cannot raise them. And so when the green neuron wants to communicate, it wants to send a message to the red neuron, it spits out
neurotransmitter. Well, he's right. I've had honest-to-goodness high blood pressure for a dozen years now, same age my father got it, and it's a real disease. It's not pre-hypertension, it's actual hypertension,
high blood pressure. And the biggest consequence of walking on crutches -- as I did for a year and a half -- is that you walk slower. In the future, later this century, it's going to look like the red, totally
out of bounds. Later in the expedition, the problem was no longer the ice. And he should have said, "What a strange, long trip it's about to become." But I've come to believe that truly imaginative visual
work is extremely important in society. We can also see a world map, so this shows us the geographic reach of Bill Clinton in the last week or so. When this amino acid sequence gets pronounced as atoms,
these little letters are sticky for each other. And something very interesting happened. And you know what, it was also being asked at roughly the same time by the Resterners -- by the people in the rest
of the world -- like Ibrahim Muteferrika, an Ottoman official, the man who introduced printing, very belatedly, to the Ottoman Empire -- who said in a book published in 1731, "Why do Christian nations
which were so weak in the past compared with Muslim nations begin to dominate so many lands in modern times and even defeat the once victorious Ottoman armies?" So the 20,000 lion figure that you just saw
is actually a red herring, because there may be 3,000 or 4,000 male lions, and they all are actually infected with the same disease. OK, now, if you did not allow me to deceive your minds, you would all
be able to do this. So from here, it's pretty clear to me, we would prefer to have cleaner, cheaper, domestic, ours -- and we have that, we have that -- which is natural gas. We partnered with the Nature
Conservancy for inmates at Stafford Creek Correctional Center to grow endangered prairie plants for restoration of relic prairie areas in Washington state. "Instant Activities for Your Apple" -- free poster
in each book? There's been a lot of movement recently in greening our food systems. And of course it's growing so fast, sometimes there's growing pains. And she came into town and she rushed around and she
said, "I have to buy some new shoes!" Whereas on the right, where there was a lot of activity, people paid a lot more attention to her innocent belief, and said she deserved a lot less blame for causing
the accident. So human history is viewed as sort of this downhill slide from the good old days. They know, as someone once said, "Character's who you are in the dark." So what I'm going to tell you about
next is a very new thing. It's not even a project yet. What can we do with that guy's data? Licklider intuitively realized this, contemplating humans setting the goals, formulating the hypotheses, determining
the criteria, and performing the evaluation. This is a photo that I made showing one of these pups that's only about five or seven days old -- still has a little bit of the umbilical cord on its belly --
that has fallen in because of the thin ice, and the mother is frantically trying to push it up to breathe and to get it back to stable purchase. So none of us should be surprised that two out of three ex-offenders
re-offend within five years. Steve told us about the future of little technology; So what Accenture suddenly found so unattractive about that, I'm not sure. I was doing graffiti -- writing my name everywhere,
using the city as a canvas. OK. I think if somebody really was drowning, she'd save them. So, if you spend these seven and a half minutes today doing something that makes you happy, or that gets you physically
active, or puts you in touch with someone you care about, or even just tackling a tiny challenge, you are going to boost your resilience, so you're going to earn more minutes. I try to refine them down
to very simple forms. Unlike the settled middle-class suburbs, whose existence I was oblivious of, there was no sense of entitlement in Footscray. And, at the same time, water from the surface, which is
rich in oxygen, doesn't make it down and the ocean turns into a desert. That's the smashing part of the heel on both these images, and it gets worn away. In fact, I've seen them wear away their heel all
the way to the flesh. And that's pretty new, and I think it's probably going to get a lot worse -- this capacity -- because of trends in information technology, in technologies that can be used for purposes
of munitions like biotechnology and nanotechnology. And I tried to design a kind of canary. Indeed, anything you add to the mashup, music you might add, Lucas has a worldwide perpetual right to exploit that
for free. And he goes around New York and just puts them, empty as they are, on posters. And why do I hear that? That didn't happen before. There it goes. So people might say, well, I still like that intuitive
versus analytical thing, because everybody wants to do the right brain, left brain thing, right? They're made from "cremains." And so I'm going to talk a little bit about that, keeping in mind that we have
a lot on the program here. When a leader says, "Not under my watch," everything begins to change. So, compassion means to feel the feelings of others, and the human being actually is compassion. And this
tells you something very important. So to the folks from Google, thank you. And like, knock like a woodpecker on my door until I opened it up. She did so much. She was a playwright. with perfect celibacy on
the part of the hosts. I'm then thrown in an ice pond, I'm cooled 15 degrees lower and I could be taken to a critical care hospital. It's not easy, but it's simple. California has one of the highest incarceration
rates of all the 50 states. And thirdly, it had to be something which she could carry in her kit. I went to visit Kitty Carlisle Hart, and she is 96, and when I brought her a copy of "The Elements of Style,"
she said she would treasure it. So it's not a surreptitious technology. How often do you get to participate in a big scientific project? CA: Yeah. Just like, you know, like the 10-second version of 10, 11
and 12. Because we just -- your slides are so gorgeous, and the ideas are so big, I can't stand to let you go down without seeing 10, 11 and 12. Ahn Trio: A modern take on piano, violin, cello But he was
right, it was a stupid idea. And to do that we had to find an alternative to glass, which is really very limited in terms of its unit sizes. and the retailers decided that would be way too expensive. I don't
know if he really meant [that], but it happened. And that's what we've got to keep growing. We don't have to keep growing these bridges to nowhere. So, what I'd like to show you what it would take to hold
75 pounds of highly enriched uranium. And here studying, in three dimensions, how to give some kind, again, of order, a structure; not something you feel you could just change because you stop the design
of that particular process. still not enough. There was data within the streams of news that we consume. With orgasm, then you get a real rush of oxytocin and vasopressin -- those are associated with attachment. There
were other moments like that, very few moments of silence. Basic Windows functions, browsing, painting, chatting and email, games and educational material, music downloads, playing video. And in 2001, I
took a research leave to visit them. This is how you work at the molecular scale. And so just to give you a picture of what this looks like, the Human Genome Project: 3 gigabases, right. And I see it as a
very comfortable kind of light that really helps us to relax and to contemplate. It's going to take longer for some things. And some things, I think, will probably come back a little faster. And the bubbles
correspond to popularity as regards to Google hits. With artificial intelligence, not only have they not created artificial intelligence, they haven't yet created artificial stupidity. Which is not just
to meet new people and extend your reach, extend your influence, but instead, find someone you don't know, and find someone else you don't know, and introduce them. Good business in obstetricians, morticians,
and farming, housing, etc. -- they all deal with human bodies, which require being fed, transported, housed and so on. And the information technology, which connects to our brains, has no limit -- now,
that is a wonderful field to be in. You're looking for growth opportunity? But this is hypothesis-generating. And if you could see invisible matter, too. They've all been given a proper burial, so what remains
are these blue slides at the International Commission for Missing Persons. And he said, "You know, I was thinking about that guy recently, just a few minutes ago when you were speaking, about this teacher,"
he said, "because six months ago, I saved his life." I'll give you a couple of representative quotes: "We can assert with some confidence that our own period is one of decline, that the standards of culture
are lower than they were 50 years ago, and that the evidences of this decline are visible in every department of human activity." This model can be adapted to every disease process. So, they completely miss
the metaphorical meaning. I'm an artist, so I'd like to offer a modest proposal at the intersection of art, science and culture. Think, "This is somebody who is incredibly vulnerable and in need of love." Heroes
are ordinary people whose social actions are extraordinary. Who act. it was a very talented classic 19th century multi-disciplinarian named John Snow, who was a local doctor in Soho in London, who had been
arguing for about four or five years that cholera was, in fact, a waterborne disease, and had basically convinced nobody of this. He wanted a name for the new replicator. This is "Break Clustered." All holy
history banned. It's all about the visceral experience. In northern India, we started mapping the cases using satellite imaging like this, so that we could guide our investments and vaccinator shelters,
so we could get to the millions of children on the Koshi River basin where there are no other health services. But it is a set of values that cannot, in my view, be extinguished. So depending on where it
looks, it flips between the two possibilities. But I can surely tell you that in my country, much like on Wall Street and the city of London and elsewhere, men were at the helm of the game of the financial
sector, So I did what the current regime says I must do to be free to use YouTube to talk about fair use. Other people who are a little more sophisticated, using more working memory, say, "I think people
will pick 33 because they're going to pick a response to 50, and so I'll pick 22, which is two-thirds of 33." And they're working in beauty in slightly different ways because of it. It wasn't some, you know,
weird grunge type or something; it looked like they might be real. Anyway. So we've all been taught that charities should spend as little as possible on overhead things like fundraising under the theory
that, well, the less money you spend on fundraising, the more money there is available for the cause. Muscles will amplify the nerve signals about a thousand-fold, so that we can record them from on top
of the skin, like you saw earlier. Alrighty. There is considerable evidence for upsuck in the animal kingdom -- Luke Massella: I was really sick. I could barely get out of bed. I mean, anyone who has been
to Russia would know that there was no planning in Russia for the next month. I had this book that was how to draw comics in the Marvel way, and it taught me how to draw superheroes, how to draw a woman,
how to draw muscles just the way they were supposed to be if I were to ever draw for X-Men or Spiderman. I really thank you for your time. I didn't say these were going to be perfect. Unmistakable. As opposed
to learning with made-up sentences, people are learning with real content, which is inherently interesting. And these people, a handful of people, have been working for 20 years, looking for particles that
may or may not exist. I went to see this specialist, and she was top-of-the-field and told me I had to stop singing. Beijerinck and his kind provide an important lesson for the next generation of explorers
-- people like that young girl from Beloit, Wisconsin. But the problem is, we need more and more support for these ideas and cases. We have to recognize they're different from us. This is us, right? People
can come live under the new charter, Among all these experiments, there was one thing in common: I was trying to bring a part of the physical world to the digital world. OK, now I'll put some hands on it. The
Netherlands is not at war. Well, our vision is to rediscover the spirit of the Renaissance, create a new discipline where engineering for cultural heritage is actually a symbol of blending art and science
together. Here's a clip from a National Geographic movie that came out in 1999. They were tired of ghost dances. All those things stemmed and started from one place, and for me they stemmed and started with
my family in West Virginia. We can zoom in here, and we suddenly see that now we see where Paul has really spent a majority of his time. So here, we've got the same character. One year later, the next declarations
of impossibilities began. It is, on the one hand, a biological effect, and a very large one. You should lose points for not doing this on time. I think as machines' ability to understand human language and
process vast amounts of data continues to improve, it's going to become possible to analyze an entire life's worth of content -- the Tweets, the photos, the videos, the blog posts -- that we're producing
in such massive numbers. I thought I'd tell you a little about what I like to write. She was 80, almost that day of the interview, and there she was and there I was, and I just proceeded into the questions. And
the cease-fire had been translated into a series of sanctions resolutions, were to say perfectly terrible things about Saddam Hussein constantly, which he deserved -- he had invaded another country. And
what we are is we're at a point in time which is analogous to when single-celled organisms were turning into multi-celled organisms. Innovation is the light of my wife, Noor. We're at best ignored and maligned
and abused, at worst, by negligent regulatory agencies, pernicious zoning and lax governmental accountability. This is the spacecraft taking nine months to get to Mars. My dad was not alone. It's about stimulation. So
that's how I decided [to do] the same. And he said, "Well there's 2,000 physicists on Wall Street now, and I'm one of them." Almost everybody knows this, from nobel laureates to golf caddies, or was taught
it, as I was. And then number three, now we can punish the dog for breaking rules he didn't even know existed. Could we have people singing together in real time? And even though I had absolutely no idea
what I was going to do, in that uncertainty came a sense of freedom. To the right is this eight-year-old child who -- and to his left is a six-year-old girl, who is not very tall. UNAIDS tell us that the
HIV rate in Zambia is 20 percent, and mortality estimates suggest it's only about 5 percent. Five minutes I'll spend just because it's interesting. Just because it's fun. Aphorism enthusiast and author James
Geary waxes on a fascinating fixture of human language: the metaphor. Friend of scribes from Aristotle to Elvis, metaphor can subtly influence the decisions we make, Geary says. So, Anatomage Table shows
exactly how the anatomy will appear in X-ray. Let's just run all possible programs of the particular type that we're looking at. Climate is a profoundly complex, nonlinear system, full of runaway positive
feedbacks, hidden thresholds and irrevocable tipping points. And they have dorms for the workers. Now why would a grown man appear before you wearing empty frames on his face? Long steps. So a lot of milongueros
-- the tango dancers will use very short steps. Two stage rockets, rockets with video cameras on them, on-board computers logging their flights, rocket gliders that fly back to Earth. Raghava KK: What’s
your 200-year plan? So what do you get? You get better decision-making, So, it really was cognitive psychology -- you know, cognitive dissonance -- that I was experiencing. It didn't really get anywhere,
and then the Rodney King incident happened, and people thought, OK, if you have a camera in the right place at the right time, or, perhaps, the wrong time, depending who you are, then you can actually
start doing something, and campaigning, and being heard, and telling people about what's going on. And it is my task, on behalf of the rest of the world, to convey a thanks to the U.S. taxpayers, for Demographic
Health Survey. So Chaz suggested finding a company that could make a customized voice using my TV show voice from a period of 30 years. I’d like to dedicate this next song to Carmelo, who was put to sleep
a couple of days ago, because he got too old. He was critically ill, there were other critically ill patients; luckily, we were able to get a helicopter in to rescue these guys. But the fact is, this is
evidence of a living body on other bodies, rocks that have been the subject of geological formation, erosion, the action of time on objects. You say, it's about doing 10 of these questions, but another
task is turning up to 20 classes on time, but another task is collaborating with other people, another task is showing you're working five times, another task is hitting this particular target. Seemed a
bit unlikely. And they took us -- they put us up in a great hotel and we were looking over the bay, and then they took us in a boat out in the water and showed us all these sights in the harbor. You can
see before treatment and after treatment. I couldn't miss it. It was 2,200 acres in size: So what I did, I got an oilstone. Broke the edge of an oilstone off. By which I don't mean amateurish culture, This
is a coffee made from a very unusual process. This is a really important process. It's partly dependent on the environment that the animal or the human is in, and the synapses that are being used are strengthened,
and synapses that aren't being used in that particular environment are pruned away. You aggrandize them. But you have intense energy. I'm not going to change those tiles at all, but I'm going to reveal the
rest of the scene and see what happens to your perception. This animal is in "The Guinness World Book of Records" for being the world's heaviest bony fish. This is certainly connected to California and Silicon
Valley. And you were, instead of going and finding the information and bringing it back to the reader, you were holding back the stuff that was potentially damaging. And so there are some psychological effects
that happen with this. On your right-hand side you can see a cucumber leaf, and on the middle, cotton leaf, and on the left a tomato leaf with these little stipplings. They can literally turn from green
to white because of the sucking, piercing mouthparts of those spiders. Mother: That's an owl. We keep our office almost like an archive of architectural biodiversity. American troops were sent to protect
the relief shipments, but they were eventually drawn into the conflict, and after the tragic battle in Mogadishu, they were withdrawn. This is the AT&amp;T Performing Arts Center's Dee and Charles Wyly
Theater. Sutherland said it was the best Thanksgiving ever. Shame is an epidemic in our culture. And the man said, "He's come down a long way, hasn't he?" And then finally, I want to show you some responses
that we recorded with the world's first deep-sea webcam, which we had installed in Monterey Canyon last year. I started with improvisation, Age is another thing when our attitude toward our appearance changes. I
deeply believe that we can make much more protection of the environment if we get rid -- if we throw overboard this fundamentalism that some of the greens have showed in the past. So there's no more signal
for us to tell us to stop. They would knock down the shrine, and they would stop saying the god's name. I went to my coach: "Please, don't make me do this." People look at the roads, for example, and they'd
say, "Angola: 90 percent of roads are untarred. Ah, problem!" Edith Widder : Oh my God. Oh my God! Are you kidding me? Other scientists: Oh ho ho! That's just hanging there. And we have to be able to go
into scary places where we may, you know, we think we know. So they do all these amazing things that help us and are vital for keeping us alive, and they never get any press for that. This is the first flying
machine. This was the first prototype. I myself have a husband and a father and two sons whom I dearly love. Well, what do you talk about when you talk about minds? Again, if you're squeamish, you don't want
to watch. This is Mae West, still alive at a zookeeper's home in New Orleans. We also believe in straight-talking, telling it as it is, using simple language that people understand, telling people about
the downsides as well as the potential upsides, and even telling the bad news that no one wants to utter, like our lack of belief in the sustainability of the Icelandic financial sector that already we
had months before the collapse hit us. It is deeper, it is a process, it is acute awareness that we are all utterly inter-bended, and one action by one being in one tiny town has consequences everywhere. And
I can talk about it all day -- just ask my wife -- but I want to move on to something that's kind of much more interesting. So that we go from a "all rights reserved" world to a "some rights reserved" world
so that people can know the freedoms they have attached to the content, building and creating on the basis of this creative copyrighted work. We can take the easier road, the more cynical road, which is
a road based on sometimes dreams of a past that never really was, a fear of each other, distancing and blame. There was photographic recall inside the children, I suspect because they're discussing with
each other. for the bran is fiber. Blogging affects your posture. We start with the posture. That's my job in the community: to say we won't allow our openness and freedom to undermine the quality of the
content. I told you, where a seemingly dead tree stump -- if you stop hacking them for firewood, which you don't need to because you have wood lots, then in five years you can have a 30-foot tree. If you
come back a billion years later and look at it again, it will be moving away faster. When I see objects, I imagine them in motion. I imagine what can be said with them. And I didn't know exactly why I had
it, but it was so vivid. So this is true. But I wasn't worried, by the way, about, you know, the explosion causing the destruction of the planet. I saw first-hand a system that is incredibly complex and then
at the same time, like everything beautiful in nature, is utterly simple. And we did a fourth, and a fifth and a sixth. I was a failure. And in that spirit, I want to spring on you all a pop quiz. Which is
obvious. It's a great name. Who's got the work ethic now? CA: OK, so these are provisional numbers, no pricing guarantee. We're going as fast as we can. none of us really believes this. which is not a terribly
representative group of people. So that's all I'm going to say about that. When you put it in plain English, you almost force the institution to give the people a way, a default out of that, and not put
themselves at risk. And then there was this: Mister Splashy Pants. And this, this was special. Mister Pants, or Splashy, to his friends, was very popular on the Internet. A total of seven guys enter anonymously
in their underwear. All of this stuff starts moving into industry. But what they do have is incredible social skills. And do you realize that almost all of those are due to human error and not machine error,
and can therefore be prevented by machines? 1.6 million deaths worldwide. These are the benefits to play. What do you do? Of course you can call the police. Moderator: Aimee and the designer of them will be
at TEDMED 2, and we'll talk about the design of them. Put it in the shower, or in the closet, but not in the foyer. Thankfully, baby was out -- mother and child survived. And I'm sure everyone here wanted
an extra-large. Right? Because, of course, the bee thinks he's in charge or she's in charge, but we know better. And when we were walking through the narrow alleys, it was literally impossible not to step
in the raw sewage and the garbage alongside the little homes. SOPA stands for the Stop Online Piracy Act. It's from the Senate. we took old automobile windshields, put paper behind them and created the first
alternative to the whiteboard. That was it. That's all he saw as the options. And not too far off. We filter through some simple apparatuses; we collect on the order of a billion microbes from just a day
filtering on top of a building in New York City. because in the Kymaerican story this is where the Parisian Diaspora started, where there embassy was. What I can't yet do is make it water-resistant. If we
see something that looks interesting, we pull it into a microscope. And that's why he moved to Michigan. And as an experiment, because I dauntingly create a task for myself of recreating a Saturn V launch
for this particular movie, because I put it out there, I felt a little nervous about it, so I need to do an experiment and bring a group of people like this in a projection room and play this stock footage,
and when I played this stock footage, I simply wanted to find out what people remembered, what was memorable about it? Can you get it? How many of you can't get it? That'll help. And we will be just 10 billion
in this world, if the poorest people get out of poverty, their children survive, they get access to family planning. In high school, a classmate once said that Brian Goldman would study for a blood test. this
is not about jobs that suck. But that's only half of the story -- 99.9 percent of the folding ratios produce not this, but this, the geometric equivalent of noise. I've been around the early web. I've been
around the early creative commons world, and there's four things that all of these share, which is, they're all really simple. and we're already starting in numerous avenues to use this tool. So, they found
certain plants that could cause convulsions. And by the end of the experience, I realized why I was doing this. I know many religions are so anxious about preserving the purity of their faith among their
children that they are intent on keeping their children ignorant of other faiths. Our goal is not only to help them do that but to encourage our friends, the good people at Shell, not only to withdraw from
the Sacred Headwaters, but to move forward with us and join us as we do the remarkable, the extraordinary: set aside a protected area that will be for all time not simply the Sacred Headwaters of the Tahltan
people but the sacred headwaters of all people in the world. In fact, you're free to share it, to do all of these things, to copy it, to change it, even to make commercial use of it as long as you attribute
the author. My parents were fanatics about learning, and I'll come back to that a little bit later. onto this place where our client actually bought the neighbor site. The U.K., Australia, New Zealand, Western
Europe, Eastern Europe, Latin America, the Middle East, East Asia and South Asia. He was exhausted, and Rob was staying with him. You see, for some people, their savior is a guy in a flowing robe. He kept
it to himself for 30 years. There are more buildings that are empty or in disrepair than occupied and in use. Now, I'm going to give you some demonstrations up here, live, right now. Now I'm going to show
you this in 3D. Junkies find veins in their toes when the ones in their arms and their legs collapse. Developing tar sands and coal shale is the equivalent. Here are just a few of the investments that I
personally think make sense. With a thousand Juliáns working together, Mexico would be a very different country. You can see here, it begins to roll, and the boat has moved to the other side, and the man
is standing there. Julian Treasure says our increasingly noisy world is gnawing away at our mental health -- even costing lives. He lays out an 8-step plan to soften this sonic assault and restore our relationship
with sound. At Verdun, in 1916, over a 300-day period, 700,000 people were killed, so about 2,000 a day. I will kill you in the name of Allah, wuhahahahaha." But never like, "ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha." And
my heroine here -- like Satish's -- is Aung San Suu Kyi in Burma. Chris Anderson of WIRED on tech's Long Tail and we train chemical technicians for companies like Bayer and Calgon Carbon and Fisher Scientific
and Exxon. In fact, they're not: it's really a very, very high-resolution input medium -- So that's what we call the misguided missile. Now there's several thoughts. There's E. It could be I. It could be
A, but certainly not B, C or D, right? As long as they have infrastructure, mentorship and resources, they can build what they need, not only to survive, but to thrive. This is being launched with three
languages in it: Squeak, Logo, and a third, that I've never even seen before. We go for modular units. Units that have multi-modality functions have modular components. Easy to repair, and because of that,
we do not take things that are not durable and cannot last. And across Eastern Europe, Jews display pictures of Cyrus and of George V side by side -- the two great rulers who have allowed the return to
Jerusalem. So this sort of thing needs to be brought into notice, for patients, for doctors, for the public. And this sort of whole phenomenon of having short bursts of time to get things done reminds me
of another thing that doesn't work when you're interrupted, I think that sleep and work are very closely related, and it's not just that you can work while you're sleeping and you can sleep while you're
working. And so I think you see that in the genesis of what has happened with Second Life, and I think it's important. Freud had it right. Finally, what I'm doing now. So, ShuffleBrain.com, website you can
go visit, I joined up with my wife, Amy-Jo Kim. But when I finish it, I seem to like those IKEA pieces of furniture more than I like other ones. The successful conclusion of that mission will result in infrequent
visitation of the moon by a small number of government scientists and pilots. And so, 4 am in the morning, what do you expect, right? And you have to do that. It's all that adrenaline rush. It's hard to give
it up. Well, cèilidh first of all is Gaelic for party, but kitchen party in Cape Breton is very common, and basically somebody drops into the house, and no matter what house you go to in Cape Breton, there's
a fiddle there, guaranteed, and I'd say, well there's first of all more fiddlers per capita in Cape Breton than anywhere in the world, so ten chances to one, the fellow who walked in the door could play
it, so you'd have someone come into the house, you'd invite them to play a little party would start up and somebody would dance, and somebody would sing, and all that sort of thing, so it was a wonderful,
wonderful way to grow up, and that is where my beginnings in music come from: my surroundings, my family, just my bloodline in itself, and, oh, It all started back in 2001. The schools would produce the
people who would then become parts of the bureaucratic administrative machine. Maybe there's something between what we are today and what the Tarahumara have always been. This is cooperation without coordination. And
two -- I want to pick the theme for TED 2006. And luckily he agreed. And the theme, in two years, is going to be "Cute Pictures Of Puppies." Now, the eminent model, the long-tail model tells you that small
sales of a large number of books, for example, having only a few copies sold can still be a viable model. And this bear swam out to that seal -- 800 lb. bearded seal -- grabbed it, swam back and ate it. Okay,
so it's doing local navigation there. OK, so why is the problem accelerating? Part of the problem is, ironically, because the industry has put so much thought into making things easier to use. It's what
I call social contagion, and it's really powerful and really exciting. Well if 100, if we think of 100 as being like a square, 75 would look like this. An accretion itself is a huge sink of carbon dioxide. Zack
Bazzi: Do I really want to go? Probably not. Here's an example from Chicago kindergarten. One of the most elegant dancers of his generation, known for his long steps, and his tempo changes And I made the
object on the left for my show at the Walker. It has to be so much a part of them that they really get it. -- Leonardo da Vinci. And further, I should invite him to meet my oldest trustee, who had majored
in French history at Yale some 70-odd years before and, at 89, still ruled the world's largest privately owned textile empire with an iron hand. And the Great Firewall of China is a set of observation points
that assume that media is produced by professionals, it mostly comes in from the outside world, it comes in relatively sparse chunks, and it comes in relatively slowly. It was the first time that I existed
inside a fully-functioning self -- one that I controlled, that I steered, that I gave life to. Because human beings are, to some extent, hivish creatures like bees. They're not the same thing. But we need
to do something about this problem. It's not a system. He had made a simple calculation: In one hour he could make 30 forged documents. The last one's a personal question. So a study that I did with Shlomo
Benartzi and Alessandro Previtero, we did a study with people at ING -- employees that are all working at ING -- and now these people were all in a session where they're doing enrollment for their 401
plan. In 2020, the number will go down to 15,000 due to improvements. A lot of very handsome and pretty people here, skinny, chubby, different races, cultures. We are all 99.9% genetically equal. And with
this photograph of a beautiful 15-feet, probably 14-feet, I guess, female tiger shark, Especially now, as we all must confront the fallacy of a market-only orientation, uninformed by social conscience;
we must seize and celebrate the power of the arts to shape our individual and national characters, and especially characters of the young people, who all too often, are subjected to bombardment of sensation,
rather than digested experience. or this Faraday Chair that is supposed to protect you from radiations. And it's often not until she hits puberty and she's growing and developing breasts, but she's not getting
her period, that somebody figures out something's up here. It looks like all these Americans are here and yes, one Brit, and he's not going to do anything -- he thinks he's British actually, and he's actually
Nigerian, I just thought about that. Now this thing was probably about the size of a school bus when it first came in. It wasn't that we had too many boxes, it was that we had too few. Magnesium for the top
layer. so they park themselves there and have a terrific lunch and have a spectacular view. So I think people who study sensation or memory without realizing why you're laying down memories of childhood. They
invest resources where they can make the most difference. Because the cylinder account and the Hebrew Bible account differ in one key respect. And that is how to pitch to a VC. And every kilogram of bush
meat contained hundreds of thousands of novel viruses that have never been charted, the genomic sequences of which we don't know. Well, I would have said the perfect fulfillment of purpose. All sisters,
excepting me. Day one: nothing. You shred people's efforts, output, you get them not to be as happy with what they're doing. Well, what I'm doing is controlling the pitch with my left hand. How long should
I stay in this factory? And we have among states a reluctance in dealing with them. I'd love to share with you some images of urban beehives, because they can be anything. The first offshore drills were called
harpoons. Dana: Miklos, that man is not your friend. So, so and so patients have been diagnosed with something, or other patients have been diagnosed, and all these data are fed into a central repository,
with some delay. So what he did was to teach us Jewish Holocaust history, and so huddled around books with photographs of people in Auschwitz, I learned the melancholic history of my people through the
melancholic history of another people. She lives in New York City, but she doesn't try to be a Western artist. And it was discovered that my brother, in 1967, and then my father, six months later, had brain
tumors. and the burial was in a place called Long Island, it was about two hours outside of the city. So the doctor sees this difference between the yellow bar and the blue bar, and he says, "Wow, we need
to give her steroids, medication and inhalers." So what's the population today? I launched a project named Six Billion Others. There is the affective component, which is, "I feel for you." But it's an animal
that's about 98 percent in decline throughout most of its range. And then what happens is, sometimes I absolutely can't draw or I can't compose at all, and then it's like there's too much on your mind. Of
course, my job is all about listening, and my aim, really, is to teach the world to listen. Architect Joshua Prince-Ramus takes the audience on dazzling, dizzying virtual tours of three recent projects:
the Central Library in Seattle, the Museum Plaza in Louisville and the Charles Wyly Theater in Dallas. Don't listen to the people who say you can't do this, because anyone can. Packed in Styrofoam, of course,
before landing somewhere in the United States, and then being trucked a few hundred more miles. So we've forgotten to invent new interfaces. There was massive flooding in Indonesia. The amount of data we're
getting about the brain is doubling every year. We have a new organization together called The Institute for Figuring, which is a little organization we started to promote, to do projects about the aesthetic
and poetic dimensions of science and mathematics. Some of us will come back, came back a long time ago, and that little child who comes back is the child who will forgo a part of himself in order not to
lose the other. And this little exercise here gives you a first good insight of the notion of area. But that's what the math says. It was for a charity in Connecticut when I was a congresswoman, and I got
up there," and she went on and on, "And then I got on the stage." And the first chromosome we built in 2008 -- the 500,000-base pair one -- we simply assigned the names of the authors of the chromosome
into the genetic code, but it was using just amino acid single letter translations, which leaves out certain letters of the alphabet. You know, she's only half Jewish. The one I want to show you -- after
we get them to make the movies, we have a night where we show the movies to the community. I'd been there twice, and I was terribly afraid that I was going to die. And what I'm seeing is that people get
so used to being short-changed out of real conversation, so used to getting by with less, that they've become almost willing to dispense with people altogether. And these are the kind of study models we
did. But at any rate, they are there. The elders of the Internet were willing to part with it for a short while, and she looks at it and she says, "This is the Internet? The whole Internet? Is it heavy?" You
watch the video with superimposed graphics that indicate your depth and compass heading. This shows a lot of internal structures. and they gave me passing grades. The only thing we need to change is how we
think and how we feel. A bloodline is determined and ordered. And this follows the rules I just said: any black area that is surrounded by white can be picked up. But that is also true of any white area. So
we make it easy by organizing this monthly camp where people can get their kids immunized. The judge was not impressed to the tune of 10.9 million dollars. By looking at these two pictures, I say no, it
won't overtake China for a while. They stop. They mate with his domesticated geese, and his flock continues. With surprising accuracy, Nicholas Negroponte predicts what will happen with CD-ROMs, web interfaces,
service kiosks, the touchscreen interface of the iPhone and his own One Laptop per Child project. We know more about the patients that enter our clinic now than ever before. We are going through some reference
tests to compare it against professional equipment to see if there's a degree of change in efficacy and if it actually makes an impact in people's lives. But most importantly, what we are trying to do
right now is we are trying to scale this up, because there are over 250,000 ASHA workers on the ground who are these amazing foot soldiers, and if we can give at least a fraction of them the access to
these things, it just changes the way the economics of public health care works, and it changes the way systems actually function, not just on a systematic planning level, but also in a very grassroots,
bottom-up level. You're in an accident. You've got two choices: you're going to die, or you're going to take the hydrogen sulfide and, say, 75 percent of you is saved, mentally. But we got this other benefit,
and that was the ability of the perimeter to suddenly engage Dallas on the outside. They put 180 percent tax on gasoline cars and zero tax on zero-emission cars. I learned something about courage. And if
you can see on some surfing sites, in fact, not only do you see what the waves are like or what the weather's like, but on some surf rider sites, you see a little flashing poo alert. Not that many people
who read Wikipedia edit, but it works. So as long as some people like to share as their form of control, we can build a commons, as long as we can get the information out. Because interestingly, of course,
Cyrus is a good Iranian with a totally different set of gods who are not mentioned in any of these texts. In more turgid prose, but closer to the truth, was the father of modern capitalism, Adam Smith,
and he said this. This is worth contemplating: "The great source of both the misery and disorders of human life seems to arise from overrating the difference between one permanent situation and another
... What is a sexy body? And it's going to change as I go through it. Gee, I doubt I'll make Max's best people list. Paul Offit: ... Vaccine allowed us to eliminate polio virus. And these women would get together
and just talk. And why this is an amazing time to be a math teacher right now is because we have the tools to create this high-quality curriculum in our front pocket. And this is the phenomenon which I call
failing governance, because when I then came to Germany and started this little NGO here in Berlin, at the Villa Borsig, we were told, "You cannot stop our German exporters from bribing, because we will
lose our contracts. This is how we go into a relationship, and it's hunky-dory for a year. but eventually it occurred to me that maybe what passed for design wasn't all that important -- making things more
attractive, making them a bit easier to use, making them more marketable. So I said to him, "Do you want to come with me? And he drove me out to the University of Pittsburgh where I filled out a college
application and got in on probation. There are many health issues as well. Notwithstanding the fact that the building, as a green building, is very much a pioneering building. All right: "I'm more than my
genes" -- all together. When you hear music, if it doesn't sound good, what's the point? So, one day I had the opportunity to meet one of these guys, and I said, "How do you paint like that? Who taught you?" And
they start writing the kind of date stamp, time stamps for each little bleep that they record. one billion Western world here -- high child-survival, small families -- Pretty much everywhere that's not green
or blue is a really ideal place, but even the green or blue areas are good, just not as good as the places that are red, orange and yellow. And there's some younger clones dotting the landscape behind it. This
was all about 300 people sitting at the feet of this individual, and having me be the brush in their self-portrait. We can have 3D printers today that build structures like these. The bad news is that this
kin selected compassion is naturally confined to the family. And then onwards to Chau Doc. So Eddie has this gun -- and he's the greatest guy -- he's this really sweet English guy. He's like, "Sorry, I don't
want to hurt you." Robots like this can really change the way we do K through 12 education. He stared at his wall in Arlington, Virginia, and decided to do it. I've already talked about that to Chris and
Amy, and they said that there's a problem with this. When I became president in 1993, there were none of these organizations in Russia. The Russians actually flew a supersonic transport before the Concorde. And
it's not just because of regulation; it's because of the amount of money needed under the current evidence-based medicine and the size of trials and so on So the first two applications are breast cancer
and prostate cancer. And as a result of that experience, in the middle of the week, while I was there in jail, Dr. King came and said with our parents, "What you children do this day will have an impact
on children who have not been born." I recently realized that two-thirds of Americans today had not been born at the time of 1963. OK, we'll talk just a little bit about commercial development for human
space flight. brain,entertainment,performance computers,entertainment,interface design,media,music,performance,software,technology Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me tremendous confidence in the future is
the fact that we are now more empowered as individuals to take on the grand challenges of this planet. We can start building local distribution, and actually, it can cost the public sector much less." But
what is important about his writing is that of a tradition of telling African stories in the West: A tradition of Sub-Saharan Africa as a place of negatives, of difference, of darkness, of people who,
in the words of the wonderful poet are "half devil, half child." And he goes, "Oh, this is great, this is great." Sometimes our cars get so crazy, they even do little stunts. Photography carries a power that
holds up under the relentless swirl of today's saturated, media world, because photographs emulate the way that our mind freezes a significant moment. I've been so privileged in my life to know extraordinary
leaders who have chosen to live lives of immersion. The Great Hall at the Met is one of the great portals of the world, awe-inspiring, like a medieval cathedral. We pick those words out. But it takes some
persistence. We're very good at creating personal narratives, It will be called the School in the Cloud. so bringing those carousels would no longer be necessary but some alternate form of communication would. In
the crisis, in the recession, what do people want to do? I'm in Kampala and I'm the wage earner. And you see this post. For example, what do you see here? Now what is a tribe? A tribe is a group of about 20
-- so kind of more than a team -- 20 to about 150 people. For modern Americans who are exposed to more options and more ads associated with options than anyone else in the world, choice is just as much
about who they are as it is about what the product is. So "design as education" means that we could actually teach design within public schools, and not design-based learning -- not like "let's learn physics
by building a rocket," but actually learning design-thinking coupled with real construction and fabrication skills put towards a local community purpose. And the government is responsive. So for instance,
when it was reported on this website that 800 students were at risk because school repairs had stalled due to corruption, the Department of Education in the Philippines took swift action. So I was thinking
that must have come from the shark. &lt;em&gt;Minority Report&lt;/em&gt; science adviser and inventor John Underkoffler demos g-speak -- the real-life version of the film's eye-popping, tai chi-meets-cyberspace
computer interface. Is this how tomorrow's computers will be controlled? There's no writing, there's no scripting, there's no nonsense. Because, before the spread of coffee and tea through British culture,
what people drank -- both elite and mass folks drank -- day-in and day-out, from dawn until dusk was alcohol. and that, as a result, my recoupable advance from my label will be taken from me, I'm going to
start with how I started with this concept seven years ago, when Princess Diana died. And then I -- this sort of thing is ideal for tidying up. This is a deal I had with Natasha, which is that when we got
to Atlanta she could take -- she could cut off my beard. and I'm really proud to say that at this point, it's very difficult to buy anything in Japan that's labeled incorrectly, even though they're still
selling whale meat, which I believe they shouldn't. And if you put those two facts together, it means that your experiences can change your connectome. They're just strongly held opinions. 59,999 miles that
are basically bringing nutrients and taking waste away. I mean, I've got the symptoms. She starts her day with lifting weights. What animal species creates this civilization? This guy says, "Nah, I don't use
H&amp;R Block anymore. We could probably calculate the speed that the satellite is traveling, if we do a little basic math here using the Doppler effect." This beetle can detect a forest fire at 80 kilometers
away. I have three wishes. Well, I can't do much about Africa. Like the others, I wear a flickering, cheap flashlight tied to my head with this elastic, tattered band, and I can barely make out the slick
tree limbs holding up the walls of the three-foot square hole dropping hundreds of feet into the earth. Now, this is not a 200-mile-wide crater, but then again you can see the rock which is sitting right
here, about the size of a football, that hit that car and did that damage. And for Afghanistan, where the Taliban banned music for many years, it is reintroducing their traditional music. It's one we have
to ask, and we have to start answering. We can compute that during the game. Ireland is one of the fastest-growing economies in the European Union today. But we also include, what we call, the slow variables,
the systems that, under the hood, regulate and buffer the capacity of the resilience of the planet -- the interference of the big nitrogen and phosphorus cycles on the planet, land use change, rate of
biodiversity loss, freshwater use, functions which regulate biomass on the planet, carbon sequestration, diversity. And I think many other things in the world also have come out of this. Patients admitted
to a hospital that was destroyed during the genocide that we have renovated along with four other clinics, complete with solar power generators, good lab technology. We can try. We'll try. Maybe we'll try. And
once it's in the right spot, they remove the outer shell, and the heart valve, well, it gets this shape and at that moment it starts beating, instantly. We can plot the planarity of the surfaces, their
curvature, how radial they are -- all information that may not be instantly visible to you, but that we can bring out, that we can articulate, and that we can use to control the folding. And the integration
that happened is on a film, which I'll be happy to send you, so you can really see what actually happened instead of my verbalization of it, but the two of them not only came together and changed their
beliefs and morals of the world, but they worked together to bring, for almost four years now, through various mosques and synagogues, the idea of how to create peace. And he wrote a book, which is called
"My Jihad, My Way of Peace." So, transformation can happen. So Paula Radcliffe, unfortunately, does it. And it actually was the right choice, probably, to try to make it out -- this way. So now I'm going
to show you a picture. But it could've been anywhere in the city, because more than half the city of Nairobi lives like this. This artist is Gus Weinmueller, and he's doing a project, a large project, called
"Art for the Peoples." The curvature of space-time around the black hole brings to life the quantum mechanical fluctuation, and the black hole radiates. A book is not only a neat way of collecting and storing
information, it's a series of layers. You can go with the "Sticks One" music. And all I can really do is hope, not to policymakers or politicians, because as much as I'd like to have faith that they read
my words and do something, I don't delude myself. And this is an important question to ask and answer because the more we understand how the brain creates meaning, the better we can communicate, and, I
also think, the better we can think and collaborate together. In fact, there are some countries in sub-Saharan Africa where there's one optometrist for eight million of the population. That's the first time,
as a teacher, that I had heard the word "teach ourselves" said so casually. Maybe baked or mashed potatoes, or perhaps the stupidest food ever, Minute Rice. So Bertie County is not only very rural; it's
incredibly poor. You've got to build this force. You've got to seed this force. This is something that we've been working on for the last couple of years. And we can follow where they flow out from that tumor
site, so we can see the first places where that cancer might travel. It's a machine about the size of a photocopier. And what happens is, they take your e-mail and every letter in your e-mail, they replace
with 30-atom cluster -- one for each letter, A, T, C, and G in DNA. They string them up in the right sequence, and then they send them back to you via FedEx. And then you need to add some more ports, and
more. Is this a story-of-the-year, a story-of-the-decade or something more? The desks are not square. I have always loved music and I am excited to be able to conduct my own music with this new software. We
just downloaded these pictures a couple weeks ago, as you can see. June 25th, monster calving events happened. So in this way, I think that cities are platforms, and certainly Detroit is a platform. And
so Bragg said, "Build models." Second -- but this is what changed my life, this is what shaped me as a human being -- "Somebody's gift. PM: Last night we gave it a few too many turns and it tried to bash
the roof out also. It's about a gram. I just look at the information, and knowledge, and experience that is lost due to natural causes of death in general, and aging, in particular. And Maitreya then kept
him in heaven for five years, dictating to him five complicated tomes of the methodology of how you cultivate compassion. Now we're all born with spirit, all of us, but sometimes it gets tamped down beneath
the challenges of life, Perhaps our parents suffered from depression. And in fact, it happens throughout the network as you move in, everyone you pick, when they nominate a random -- when a random person
nominates a friend of theirs, you move closer to the center of the network. And inflation has come down. and Japan was starting to catch up. Turbo has taken to knocking on the door with his beak, we let him
in and he comes in here. And I assure you it's every bit as important to them as it might have been to colonizers and imperialists. It's got to be stretching. How am I going to make — ?" Boy: What's that
supposed to mean? I'll give you two examples. And I didn't say that. Colin Powell said that. Now, if we think about what just reducing the probability of human extinction by just one percentage point -- not
very much -- so that's equivalent to 60 million lives saved, if we just count the currently living people, the current generation. ED: All right. TB: Okay. Turn it a little bit inside, a little bit toward
the middle for me. Whose truth are we going to listen to? And that is narcotics. Our second marijuana farm photograph for the morning. In my books, I explore the nature of perception and how different kinds
of perceiving create different kinds of knowing and understanding. Imagine that urban explosion that's going to take place across the developing world and how many thousands of children will spend their
school years on building sites. But what I actually mostly do is I manage the pain management service at the Packard Children's Hospital up at Stanford in Palo Alto. And I don't know when or how it happened,
but the speed at which I went from being a talented writer and journalist to being a homeless woman, living in a van, took my breath away. We have an Integrity in Public Life Act as part of our framework
supposed to safeguard the nation's interest. Bottom, all 74. And so, we have to drop in satellite dishes. We put in generators. This was published after he died: his sort of unfinished notes on self-reproducing
machines, what it takes to get the machines sort of jump-started to where they begin to reproduce. And the rabbis and the early fathers of the church who said that any interpretation of scripture that bred
hatred and disdain was illegitimate. and to work through venture capital on the innovative side, and to try to find some innovations that could address what I saw as some of these big problems. She's some
other woman. She's an impostor." So I look up and I'm thinking, maybe he's still going to think I'm kind of cute." I'd like you to remember someone who did something enormously important that changed your
life in a good direction, and who you never properly thanked. And it's a beautifully complex neuron. it's my first time here. For what defines humanity, perhaps biologically, is our physiology, but God defines
humanity by our spirituality, by our nature. You know, we've been talking to a friend of mine about using the side of the Great Pyramid and the Great Wall of China. They have 66 schools -- mostly middle
schools, some high schools -- and what goes on is great teaching. There are some very light people, And you see that when you distort a map based on attention, the world within American television news is
basically reduced to this giant bloated U.S. and a couple of other countries which we've invaded. You see, the autistic mind tends to be a specialist mind -- good at one thing, bad at something else. And
I believe it's because technology appeals to us most where we are most vulnerable. We'll be waiting for you right here." I hope you will support our soldiers when they are out there, when they come home
and when they are injured and need our care. Letters thanking us, but sometimes you also get funny letters like this one: "Now I understand why there is Braille on a drive-up ATM machine." In our species,
the alpha males define reality, and force the rest of the pack to accept that reality and follow the rules. Compassion is a piece of vocabulary that could change us if we truly let it sink into the standards
to which we hold ourselves and others, both in our private and in our civic spaces. Harvard Medical School once -- I was at a talk -- director of the lab said, "In our lab, we have a saying. But that's a
probabilistic statement. And everybody stepped back a little and said, you know, we ought to invest in this shit, because whoever has got the most of these people working in the places is going to have
a dominant position, at least in the military, and probably in all kind of economic ways. It's because perception is grounded in our experience. As you can see, "We Feel Fine" collects very, very small-scale
personal stories. But ultimately, the story has a happy ending for Sudhir, who became one of the most respected sociologists in the country. At the end of three years, I went back to New Haven, had remarried
by that time. It's all about the foreign movies. So again, we have a big and wonderful future to look forward. It's just these two notes in the middle. There's no passing time with you, only collecting --
the collecting of moments with the hope for preservation and at the same time release. If you put different communication technologies on this logarithmic graph, television, radio, telephone were adopted
in decades. And I think few of us spend the day without eating bread in some form. But she still lives in Mathare Valley. Fahad Al-Attiya: A country with no water It's like the guy is sitting next to you,
whispering who knows what into your ear. Basho was a brilliant man. I was sitting next to someone at dinner the other day, and they were saying there's this great image of the Queen They thought it was real. Girl
4: We make a school newspaper on the computer. But in other cases, this could be 18 deletes and two keeps, and we would keep it, because if those last two keeps say, "Wait a minute, wait a minute. Fifteen
percent suffer migraines that wipe them out for days on end. But as David Cameron of the United Kingdom said about a month ago when he was talking about polio, "There's never a wrong time to do the right
thing." Finishing polio eradication is the right thing to do. So the question was: was there any way to preserve that spatial relationship while still taking advantage of all of the things that digital
had to offer us? They knew that their hospitals were the right place for patients, But as we're seeing, operational costs are starting to dwarf capital costs in terms of design parameters. Well, no, actually
it's 30 years old. The project launched in April 2005. Thanks very much. There's always lots more. That's for little children. We are big people, and we're trying to deal with what's happening in our society. and
you can see here, we have the structure of the heart valve and we've seeded that with cells, and then we exercise it. What are they doing? And there was a cue that was available to us. And to me, that is
very, very critical. Shanghai is already there. But yeah, it's all there. And if you don't know, please ask your doctor or read the details of your mammography report. I showed a Norman Rockwell painting before,
and this one I grew up with, looking at constantly. That's the question that sort of hit me in the middle of a Davos afternoon about four years ago. What you really want is not a sequential, not parallel
development. Popcorn changes all of that. And it turns out, the best way to cut things in half is to actually cut them in half. but I still stretch miles in all directions. But in practice, I would do it face
down, floating on the pool. She's somebody that believes strongly in community service and decided that this was something that I needed to do and so I went there and I met some amazing women there. When
I'm not fighting poverty, I'm fighting fires as the assistant captain of a volunteer fire company. As you can see, that's Charlton Heston brought down to size. Totally transformed by man. That's where I'm
at. We're living in a culture of jet lag, global travel, 24-hour business, shift work. Well, it's pretty simple. And people made their house, and the water storage tanks. And they've made a dummy of him. That's
exactly what it looked like. As far as I can see, all of you are users of this enhancement technology in this room, so that's a great thing. But America lost. We lost. And because of that, we made a big
jump to recover it. Actually, we can regenerate. I co-founded a company called Navigenics, where, if you spit into a tube -- and we can look look at 35 or 40 genetic markers for disease, all of which are
delayable in many of the cancers -- you start to identify what you could get, and then we can start to work to prevent them. And when I got there, everything was perfect -- except the tail. So these were
some of the first studies to see this tied in to game theory. So you're six years old, you're reading Snow White and the Seven Dwarves, and it becomes rapidly obvious that there are only two kinds of men
in the world: dwarves and Prince Charmings. that sometimes it wants to do what it wants to do, The problem that's being solved here is something that needs to be big and sheet-like at its destination, but
needs to be small for the journey. You see here the red roof and the gray roof, and in between them there will be a mask, which is just a blank screen, for about a quarter of a second. It's not only to defend
the Chinese regime from overseas, from the universal values, but also to prevent China's own citizens to access the global free Internet, and even separate themselves into blocks, not united. RW: In all
past years I've rehearsed with them, the things that have happened to me -- I have no idea what's going to happen and that's the truth. I would do birthday parties, weddings, divorces, anything for anyone
who wanted to use my services. I was helping her pay her tuition. And we had an increase in income. I went to this very proper Christian school taught by nuns, fathers, brothers, sisters. They're disembodied,
you know, in a kind of literal way. Week in, week out. 85 percent of global disease burden for cardiovascular disease You'd think, there's plenty of paralyzed people in the world, but the audience is too
small, and the amount of research, the time it takes, the payback time is too long for V.C. to be interested. Is that relevant to your work? It's like, art is supposed to be enigmatic, so when you say, like,
"I don't get it," like, oh, that's great. If you represent everyone, in some ways you represent no one. And for some people, we gave them Legos and we said, "Hey, would you like to build this Bionicle for
three dollars? And, worst of all, how could I not have realized this very important information until the very day that it was basically useless to me?" Now in the meantime, the two Danish guys to the left
of the camera, they're cracking up. You know when the Large Hadron Collider started, and it didn't work, and people tried to work out why, it was the Small Hadron Collider team who sabotaged it because
they were so jealous. . And Enceladus is very white, it's very bright, and its surface is obviously wrecked with fractures. It is a very geologically active body. Voice: System ready. Acquiring image. See,
back in the 1880s, 1890s, many scientists, many observers, looked at the light given off from atoms. If you want to stay alive you've got to have backups. But really the question here -- Obama did relatively
well in Kansas. Now you can get it. These are two very different phenomena. This is an idea for a gas-injected, one-piece polymer chair. She's 37 years old, she hasn't won a marathon of any kind in eight
years, and a few months previously she almost died in childbirth. I'm afraid she's going to think I'm a monster." So instead, we decided to take the column, and we decided to build it as a layered model,
made out of very many slices, thinly stacked over each other. And they then reported that her father was coaching her. And that's what we work to do with that group to get them to understand each other,
to build trust among them, to support each other, to learn how to ask good questions, but also to learn how to explain concepts with clarity. NASA, for example, serves thermal-stabilized sweet-and-sour
pork on its shuttle menu for its astronauts. So, let me present the question to you: If our benchmark for Americanness is apple pie, you should ask yourself, how often do you eat apple pie, versus how
often do you eat Chinese food. Right? And then once it became a shared experience, it was funny and something that she could laugh at. Well, Orde-Lees guessed wrong by about eight years. This is my pocket
wireless telephone, They wanted to change the world. So here is the question someone asked. Then we did what I consider to be the heart of the work: interviewed 1,100 children, boys and girls, ages seven
to 12, all over the United States -- except for Silicon Valley, Boston and Austin because we knew that their little families would have millions of computers in them and they wouldn't be a representative
sample. There is a side that thinks that peace is the end of fighting, and there is a side that thinks that peace is the arrival of schools and jobs. But I get a lot of toilets, and so you just dispatch
a toilet with a hammer, and then you have lumpy tiles. One is called Bidwell Training Center; it is a vocational school for ex-steel workers and single parents and welfare mothers. We know it's there by
its gravitational effects. They have a distinct way of interacting with their environment and their experiences. Another interesting project, though it's going to need some help, is the northern white rhinoceros. I
believe, number one, it's complacency. But we can push this idea further. And they weren't used to that. You guys have very insecure computers, OK? We found -- Or else find the boy who lit the fire in the first
place, to see if you can change him." Maybe I can get just a few dollars from this last tree which will keep us going a little bit longer, and then we'll pray that something will happen to save us from
the inevitable end." My daddy, he calls me all the time." And they had a canary hung inside the thing to make sure the Germans weren't going to use gas. It means if I get to the end of my life, the universe
can't turn to me and go, "What have you been doing, you idiot? The ability to hold something we've done or failed to do up against who we want to be is incredibly adaptive. And who gets to express it, and
how do we express it? And the box is handcuffed to one of the guards. These are pieces that you won't find anywhere else in the world, in part because they document parts of history Chinese choose to forget. I
simply want you to keep in mind that if in the past, new forms of cooperation enabled by new technologies create new forms of wealth, we may be moving into yet another economic form that is significantly
different from previous ones. You actually need to organize it. Laptop use to solve overpopulation. And if everything failed, there are some secondary uses. I guess the best way to end this is with two quotes:
Marshall McLuhan said, "Children are the messages that we send to the future," but in fact, if you think of it, children are the future we send to the future. In the personal/social circle, the children
in the orchestras and choirs develop their intellectual and emotional side. Here I have a very complicated, messy, confused idea in my head. You're going to see the whole thing take place in this movie. Indeed,
Rensink's subjects took only a little bit more than a second to press the button. And what's important about that is that, on our planet, on Earth, wherever we find liquid water, we find life. And while
those numbers and those statistics to me, Kiva's really about stories. He actually invented the toasty. But then, the Earl of Toasty would be a ridiculous name. By 2010, we're going to hit 42 billion. If
I wanted to know, for example, how many stars were in the Milky Way, how old those giant heads on Easter Island were, most of you could find that out right now without even standing up. But the price of
its dominance is enormous. And I think one of the things, which is also remarkable about this technology, is that the technology transfer is so easy. So then, a dilemma rose in the mind that, if I'm also
an exploiter, then this is not right; There is jeopardy, and of course, the closer you get, it gets harder. And I would never want to deprive you of that epiphany. These are the spaces that are not just luxurious
spaces for some of us, but are important for everybody in this world. John Stuart Mill was a great advocate of this -- nice guy besides -- and only been dead 200 years. And a recent Gallup poll how much
stress and worry and anger they had experienced the previous day. We need to act, and act now, before these ones are the only ones left. There's this group online that I frequent. One of the materials that
can do this is a remarkable material, carbon, that has changed its form in this incredibly beautiful reaction where graphite is blasted by a vapor, and when the vaporized carbon condenses, it condenses
back into a different form: chickenwire rolled up. I was fascinated by the Cold War, by the INF negotiations over intermediate-range nuclear missiles, the proxy war between the Soviet Union and the U.S. If
the suppression index is very, very, very small, then you very well might be being suppressed. We are going to operate on 50 patients with early Alzheimer's disease to see whether this is safe and effective,
whether we can improve their neurologic function. And en route, we took darshan from Rinpoche, and he sat with us and told us about the Four Noble Truths, the essence of the Buddhist path. Okay, there's
not a person in this room -- I don't care how techie you are -- there's not a person in this room that doesn't give their laptop or cell phone to a kid to help them debug it. OK? So using my arch-nemesis,
Spanish, no less, to learn tango. Now, I don't know about you guys, but judging the circumstances, right, any judge in the whole world, would look at the statistics and the evidence, and they would find
any government of old guilty of child abuse. That's my belief. Sand-stopping devices, made from sand. and the question is, how do we deal with our differences? Well, you can't right now take off from your
home because it's too noisy. Well, that got us a little angry. And he's found that worldwide, you could prevent a million deaths switching from wood to charcoal as a cooking fuel. That's remarkable, but
up until now, there weren't ways to do it without cutting down trees. And when I see all these hexagons and complex things, which I also have, in visual migraine, I wonder whether everyone sees things like
this, and whether things like cave art or ornamental art may have been derived from them a bit. What I really wanted was to be a graphic designer at one of the big design firms in New York City. Working
with the Harvard Business School, you'll see this example when you talk about minimum payment: She said, "All these people with Eastern dress, walking up and down, very repetitive, very limited." I am known
best for human-powered flight, but that was just one thing that got me going in the sort of things that I'm working in now. So SOLEs, I think we need a curriculum of big questions. This is how we can start
to make a protocell. That statistic is so sad. And I actually untagged myself first, then I picked up the phone. I said, "Mom, you will never put a picture of me in a bikini ever again." "On the other hand,
I don't have to get up at four every single morning to milk my Labrador." and that's created an opening. So, my dad always took that as evidence that this little, teeny, powerful pill had the ultimate placebo
effect. And in some sense, if that's the right story, I think integrated car seats you will see, very quickly, becoming something that everyone has. The other possible conclusion is, well, maybe after
coming to my father three times, getting sent home with placebos, he still felt sick, he went and found another doctor. And that finding has stood the test of time -- unfortunately even into more recent
times, at Virginia Tech. But to do that you have to lose all the other qualities because once you're into beauty you're into a finished thing. And we're about two and a half years into a five-year study.
This was the only modality that can see the inner lining of the heart. We need Coke to work with Pepsi. But look at the number of black lines in that spectrum. Things like breast cancer and colon cancer are
directly tied to our lack of physical [activity], Ten percent in fact, on both of those. If we take transparency, here is one of my favorite websites, the Missouri Accountability Portal. The point is that
you can find Ukrainian folk dancers and connect with them, because you want to be connected. And then you realize they don't even have compassion on themselves. We've slightly lost the habit of doing that, Another
aspect of contemporary design that I think is mind-opening, promising and will really be the future of design, is the idea of collective design. That's not our job. It is endless. If you're wired to be an
anthropologist, you'll be an anthropologist. And then in the 13th century, more lines and new shapes of notes locked in the concept of the tune exactly, and that led to the kind of notation we have today. Just
to run by another one: this is a plan to brighten the reflectance of ocean clouds, by atomizing seawater; that would brighten the albedo of the whole planet. And I go, "Oh, it's the same. It's basically
the same." So here you see, this is a health facility in Northern Afghanistan, and every morning it looks like this all over. I mean, there are lots of ways of losing weight that aren’t good for you. And
what I'd like to argue is that that's not necessarily the case, as progress is simply a word for change, And it's not based on an a priori notion. Where I work, in the Arab region, people are busy taking
up Western innovations and changing them into things which are neither conventionally Western, nor are they traditionally Islamic. This is Mashpee Commons, the oldest retrofit that we've found. And I have
a point outside the line. How many straight lines can I draw through the point but never meet the original line? Two years ago, I stood on the TED stage in Arusha, Tanzania. And it will produce a food crop. It's
caught here, frozen, shipped down to Lagos, smoked, and sold for a tiny increment of profit on the streets of Lagos. If you find out -- now I understand. That's how you can prove it statistically, but what
about stories? And the same thing with the hunter-gatherer tribes and early man is that you didn't live beyond the age of 30. Go ahead and hit that right sound icon. They follow the characters. They're smart
enough, we hope, not to bump into each other. They go off on their own. "Hello? Hey." I don't have an answer to that. Not everybody can be entitled to everything simply because you were born here. And it
seems to me that we talk a lot about the cloud, but every time we put something on the cloud, we give up some responsibility for it. And what's happened in the past year alone is the dairy industry -- where
this card's used for milk and yogurt and eggs and hummus -- the dairy industry has gone up 30 percent. And somebody like Dr. Victoria Hale, who started the world's first nonprofit pharmaceutical company,
and whose first drug will be fighting visceral leishmaniasis, also known as black fever. The people experimenting with participation don't have legislative power, and the people who have legislative power
are not experimenting with participation. Ultimately, design itself is a process of constant education for the people that we work with and for and for us as designers. So when you do tree ring studies of
trunks that are on the mountain, some of them go back 10,000 years. A farmer in a rural village -- a kid needs to measure and modify the world, not just get information about it on a screen. My colleagues,
comparing composition of chemical elements in different galactic stars, actually discovered alien stars in our galaxy. and we have now provided treatment to over 200 children, and the story repeats itself. Over
six million years, we and the chimps evolved our different ways. And the answer is six vessels. So the lower the status of the job and of the person carrying out, the more removed he would be from his personal
sphere. Your cat wants more food. estimate that the average person in the developing world in 2100 will be about as rich as we are today. Incredible cameras cost under 5,000 dollars. He worked as an advocate.
He continued to play cricket. But no doubt part of this was his great joy and pleasure in showing people that he could think more simply than they could. Please come for the show." If it's more being trapped
on the way out, then you would expect it to be warmer here and cooler here. Here is the lower atmosphere. But really and truly, this was how this little leopard was displaying her individual personality. It's
more a social situation than a musical situation. Remember we took the book, tore the pages out? And you're waiting for recovery as you were waiting for the Christmas day. Yes? Zoe: Yeah. And you'll get paid
for it. You can think about it, if you want. The third way that I think we can help make our peace with regret is through the passage of time, which, as we know, heals all wounds -- except for tattoos,
which are permanent. The second thing that really attracted me were his bright red cheeks. This is where our sampling effort has concentrated. Eight hugs a day -- you'll be happier and the world will be a
better place. Now you won't be able to understand a word of it, but this is what it looks like. Now, let's take a look at a video that we're debuting at TED, for the first time, on how an effective HIV vaccine
might work. Or we can take the much more difficult path of transformation, transcendence, compassion and love, but also accountability and justice. But you can say that every animal that has become naked
has been conditioned by water, in its own lifetime, or the lifetime of its ancestors. I think this is significant. in a particular form of improvisation called theater games, which had one rule, which I
always thought was a great rule for an ethic for a society. And light and shadow are a very important part of her work. I think it does. I want to find out what's in this zone. It should be interested in the
best things in life. It's just what you find at the store. And this gained Einstein prominence around the world. And all the ship can do is to dance and pitch along with the waves. And we take this utterly
for granted, because we're a species that is so at home with language, but you have to realize that even the simplest acts of exchange that we engage in are utterly dependent upon language. People use these
cues to determine things like how persuasive someone is, how likable, how engaging, It turns out it's the same for robots. Interestingly enough, an example: One young man who earned a C in the first course
and wanted to go on to med school, we said, "We need to have you retake the course, because you need a strong foundation if you're going to move to the next level." The first stage in a technology's advance
is that it'll fall below a critical price. The challenge facing all those who are interested in Africa is not the challenge of reducing poverty. This is his chart, which is not quite published yet. For those
of you who I'll be fortunate enough to meet afterwards, you could please refrain from saying, "Oh my god, you're so much shorter in real life." If you put carpeting in your house, it's about a tenth of
the embodied energy of the entire house, unless you use concrete or wood for a much lower embodied energy. Believe it or not, I devised this as a timesaving method. I was very busy in the beginning of that
year, and I didn't know when I was going to find time to design and print a single valentine. And I thought that I could kind of do this piecemeal as I was traveling. But as you can see, when you actually
start working on this data, it's pretty spectacular. So there is a huge gap to bridge. So I'm looking forward to seeing some games, and actually Louis Castle, that's him down there, last week announced that
Electronic Arts, one of the largest game publishers, is releasing a game in May that has a little Easter egg feature It saves our souls and makes us live happily. PIPA is short for PROTECTIP, which is itself
short for and Theft of Intellectual Property -- because the congressional aides who name these things have a lot of time on their hands. CA: That's right. The reason it's got a few people at least excited
is because, if you're right, it brings gravity and quantum theory together. You don't have to send out a doctor, They were actually high school classmates together at the same high school in suburban Los
Angles in the 1960s. It's the selective logic. I was playing a kid named Walter in a movie called "Julian Po." Vodka, New Year's Eve -- new partner for the spring. And therefore it looks beautiful because
we already know how to write it in a lovely, concise way. Shortly after I performed the first liver transplant, I received my next assignment, and that was to go to the prisons to harvest organs from executed
prisoners. And I saw this really smart critic who I love. Europa is so far away that even at the speed of light, it would take more than an hour for the command just to reach the vehicle. Elon Musk: The mind
behind Tesla, SpaceX, SolarCity ... And ever since, I've been walking the mystic path, trying to peer beyond what Albert Einstein called "the optical delusion of everyday consciousness." So, I'm looking
at these issues of collapses for a lot of past societies and for many present societies. You can actually see the point when I know what I'm doing, and a lot of light and dark comes into it. But you find
essentially the same results, namely, that after a certain basic point -- which corresponds more or less to just a few 1,000 dollars above the minimum poverty level -- increases in material well-being
don't seem to affect how happy people are. There is another spike visible at 22. Friendship, altruism, compassion, service – all the perennial truths that we talked about that are part of all religion and
all cultures -- once you stop trying to see the differences, these are the things in our own self-interest, because they free us from our suffering and from disease. It's the following. The right of peoples
to live together in the same state, worshiping differently, freely -- a Middle East, a world, in which religion is not the subject of division In the world of the Middle East at the moment, the debates
are, as you know, shrill. I've spent my life defending the Net, But the fact is our genomes are greater than 99 percent similar. And we run our companies like this, by the way. I was in Shanghai, in an office
block built on what was a rice paddy five years ago -- one of the 2,500 skyscrapers they've built in Shanghai in the last 10 years. So, I was on my way out here. Thank you power station. This is Alexander
Lebed, who was a general that worked with Yeltsin, who talked about, and presented to Congress, this idea that the Russians had developed -- these suitcase bombs. They were very low yield -- 0.1 to one
kiloton, Hiroshima was around 13 kilotons -- but enough to do an unbelievable amount of damage. Usually I say no right away, but some of them come with pedigree and they sound well-intentioned People said,
you know, you really ought to have this in Indian languages. So I said, have what, shall I translate the Internet into some Indian language? That's not possible. In the incredible intricacy and magnificence
of the natural world. And in just four weeks, the brain learns to process this new sensation and acquires a new sensory pathway -- like a new sense. Is it sensitive? Yes. Of course they will. Because as a
receiver of language, they are receiving it and representing it, and in information it's representing crap. I got an errand to run." And he was a clever man. He sort of said, "Well, that's OK, but you've
done very well in your math SATs." I don't want to see you guys yet. And then I spent the entire day living my childhood dream of walking around with this bear through the forest. They didn't even want to
touch that one. They just did it. So often the men are gone. They want to press the opposite screen of the chimp. This was taken under the Montparnasse Cemetery where most of the ossuaries are located. There
are also phone cables that were used in the '50s and many bunkers from the World War II era. In his eighties, Mr. Teszler, having retired from the textile industry, adopted Wofford College, auditing courses
every semester, and because he had a tendency to kiss anything that moved, becoming affectionately known as "Opi" -- which is Magyar for grandfather -- by all and sundry. Before I got there, the library
of the college had been named for Mr. Teszler, and after I arrived in 1993, the faculty decided to honor itself by naming Mr. Teszler Professor of the College -- partly because at that point he had already
taken all of the courses in the catalog, but mainly because he was so conspicuously wiser than any one of us. And I think it's great that the leaders of the religions of the world are affirming compassion
and the golden rule as fundamental principles that are integral to their faiths. What the Starrs did next, though, was surprising. Roy Gould and Curtis Wong preview the WorldWide Telescope I mean, a bird
needs space to fly. So to make matters even more difficult, it's a very young planet. John Underkoffler points to the future of UI So here are a couple of examples. We'll be able to make use of all that to
evaporate more seawater and enhance the restorative benefits. Lauren Hodge: If you were going to a restaurant and wanted a healthier option, which would you choose, grilled or fried chicken? In the footnote
panel that accompanies this work I photographed an official Adolph Hitler postage stamp and an imitation of that stamp produced by British Intelligence with Hans Frank's image on it. Like, for example,
making up these ridiculous reasons why aging is actually a good thing after all. I'm not going to talk about "The Skeptical Environmentalist" -- probably that's also a good choice. Philip Zimbardo prescribes
a healthy take on time But it also reminded me of the power of pattern and repetition to make an effect in our mind. So, I hid in a time dimension. And I was a really good dancer. No one taught her to bend
this into a hook, And we launched our platform. They don't want to sell to the charity bazaars that are only for foreigners -- and the same bloody shirt embroidered time and again. Let's try. Good news: Chariot's
coming. And this is what the system involves, a number of sites in the southern hemisphere, shown in those circles. I say, "Samhita Mukhopadhyay, Miriam Perez, Ann Friedman, Jessica Valenti, Vanessa Valenti,
and on and on and on and on." I'm disappointed that we never got to know each other as adults. And she knew that meant she would be cut. Maybe, "How about I take my digital world and paint the physical world
with that digital information?" Why do we call it that? It took us only 10,000 to make knowing obsolete. I think we would have gotten there a lot earlier if we could see what happens in the ocean like we
can see what happens on land. So here it is, a crowd-sourced, six-word summary of a thousand TEDTalks at the value of $99.50: "Why the worry? I'd rather wonder." Thank you very much. because nobody would
have dreamed of walking in such a landscape. Ham Smith and Clyde Hutchison, my colleagues on this, developed an exciting new method that allowed us to synthesize a 5,000-base pair virus in only a two-week
period that was 100 percent accurate, in terms of its sequence and its biology. My kids are seven, who the hell knows. Chinese is always cheating, right? You can see the fish are balled up and then there's
a little cloudy area there where they're exchanging the eggs and sperm for reproduction -- Has anyone in your life been able to tell? For the first time, this year the cost of solar-generated electricity
is 50 percent that of diesel-generated electricity in India -- 8.8 rupees versus 17 rupees. We know why these scripts are there. So here you see the robot combining a motion that builds up momentum and then
changes its orientation and then recovers. John Edward, Sylvia Browne and Rosemary Altea, they are other operators. and you stopped making plans. But it's not a data point at that one moment in time. Our first
revelation was to completely abort and walk away from the technology of the day, the status quo, the state of the art. BR: So you see us here cutting up some watermelon. The idea with this is that we're
going to eliminate tons of food miles, wasted energy, and overfishing of tuna by creating tuna, or any exotic produce or item from a very far-away place, with local, organic produce; so we have a watermelon
from Wisconsin. Nine? Yeah? Correct? I love my mother and I was told all of a sudden that she was going to die. And they said you have to say bye to her, you have to do what you have to do. I'm not sure "cool"
is really the right word, but you know what I mean. And the director listed the orphanage's most urgent needs as an industrial size washing machine and dryer, four vacuum cleaners, two computers, a video
projector, a copy machine, winter shoes and a dentist's drill. it was just nuclear science. And oh, that's the book, little book. Instead of defaulting to our normal convergent approach where we make the
best choice out of available alternatives, it encourages us to take a divergent approach, to explore new alternatives, new solutions, new ideas that have not existed before. By changing our environment,
we put new pressures on our bodies to evolve. The penguin swims toward me, takes off. So now that you're all experts on protocells, we're going to play a game with these protocells. And I felt I was being
typecast as an actor. The dog doesn't speak English, or American, or Spanish, or French. And we don't have all the updated data any longer, because this is really hot data today. When that mother and infant
lock eyes, and the infant's old enough to have a social smile, what happens -- spontaneously -- is the eruption of joy on the part of the mother. Now this is really an interesting project. I've got bright
lights and noisy thrusters -- And that gives with you enormous influence. But look, the rate of lowering in Sweden was not fast. But hardly ever do they represent a resounding success -- Bosnia and Herzegovina
perhaps more so than Georgia. And that's how it goes. Because that is what it's creating. They are those beautiful oblong objects, but quite difficult to make. Fast forward three years. I did eventually get
off the sofa, and start planning another expedition. This time, I wanted to go right across, on my own this time, from Russia, at the top of the map, to the North Pole, where the sort of kink in the middle
is, and then on to Canada. And what was even more striking to me, and what I really got hung up on, was that the world inside the screen seemed to have no physical reality of its own. Underpinning much of
this is technology, and of late, exponentially growing technologies. Now, we cannot achieve perfection, but if we reach for it, then we can achieve excellence. But I want to leave with you the big question. The
company put no new features. They just said, "We'll make the software work right." Right. People in that group realized that Obama had never shut them down. But if you go to our site and search for "Deskbar,"
you'll get this. Break the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. TED visits Tom Shannon in his Manhattan studio for an intimate look at his science-inspired art. An eye-opening, personal conversation with John
Hockenberry reveals how nature's forces -- and the onset of Parkinson's tremors -- interact in his life and craft. And then I said, "Oh, my God. What did I say? Would you mind taking the brain out, and I
just want you to feel something. So one of the things that we pursued in Bali was pieces of furniture. book,brain,children,culture,language,psychology,science It's the first version of the time machine. And
I remember that proverbial light going off in my head, thinking, "Wait a minute. Well, consciousness." They felt science had stagnated since the days of the scientific revolution that had happened in the
17th century. He's always on the road. Obviously the whole project here is huge. And we ran. But it was only discovered in the early 1980s. And so Palestinians guys say, "Calm down. No wait. I'm going to find
you a solution." And then, four years later, when I was 18 years old, I was standing onstage at the World Yo-Yo Contest. I want to tell you about another disorder. If you think that, Plato's not your guy. Now,
if we slip to another end of the world, When I tried my first trick, it looked like this. And then, secondly, getting back to that earlier point that I made about the preciousness of any life that we may
find on Mars, we don't want to contaminate it. The full score is 72 feet wide. And then you start cranking the computer to find other molecules, related or unrelated, that have the same vibrations. The worse
that it is for us, the better that it is for this fundraising. And we often went into just a dead end and had to recover. But it's important to understand that a lot of the origins of our industries -- even
like Henry Ford -- come from this idea of playing and figuring things out in groups. The unhealthy shame I'm talking about is the one that makes you so sick inside. Well, if you go there -- there's people
there on any given day -- like when I went there, here -- showing me where the different shooters were. Is CO2 produced by man's activities causing the planet to warm up? and I expect more such changes to
occur in the map as the states fragment. And you say, "My God, if this is my mom, how come I'm being sexually turned on? Or we can monitor the velocity with which people are moving with their phones on a
highway, and the phone company can see, as the velocity is slowing down, that there's a traffic jam. Here's a powerful provocation from artist Jae Rhim Lee. Can we commit our bodies to a cleaner, greener
Earth, even after death? Naturally -- using a special burial suit seeded with pollution-gobbling mushrooms. Yes, this just might be the strangest TEDTalk you'll ever see ... And these were men and women
who were putting prisoners through unbelievable humiliation. And I mentioned this to him, and he was like, "No actually, that's true. So the -- the bipedal gait is a little easier. You know, this project
for me is a way for me to bridge that gap and remember everything that I've done. I remember a journal article about this new question answering software that had a graph. If we're being strict about it,
wherever he went, he was four that year. And there's much more solar than there is wind. So, here you go. You understand that you can prepare, but the amount of preparation you can do is limited -- The question
is, "Is that an illusion?" I'm not a programmer, never done anything with ocular recognition technology, but I just recognized something and associated myself with amazing people so that we could make something
happen. I began talking with people who actually had been out to the gyre and were studying the plastic problem in the marine environment and upon doing so, I realized actually that cleaning it up would
be a very small drop in the bucket relative to how much is being generated every day around the world, and that actually I needed to back up and look at the bigger picture. Well, she might be willing to
work odd hours in a call center, in a reception area, in a mail room. This is an important part of our life, one-third you're supposed to be sleeping. So this is a different approach. And I wouldn't say that
is the wrong thing in all circumstances. We all need to love and be loved in life. Well God's will was that the amount of suffering in any kind of war be reduced to as small an amount as possible. And the
people thought, "You know, you're right. So my grandfather told me when I was a little girl, "If you say a word often enough, it becomes you." The death penalty was a sanction for a long list of non-violent
crimes: criticizing the king, stealing a loaf of bread. Slavery, of course, was the preferred labor-saving device, and cruelty was a popular form of entertainment. Perhaps the most vivid example was the
practice of cat burning, in which a cat was hoisted on a stage and lowered in a sling into a fire, and the spectators shrieked in laughter as the cat, howling in pain, was burned to death. It's a great
story. It's story we all know. The institutional response is, I can get 75 percent of the value for 10 percent of the hires -- great, And so perhaps once they cleaned up the pigeon droppings, get the disk
kind of operational again, normal operations would resume. I'm a convict; I am branded 'wrong.' What are you going to tell me about right and wrong?" To put that in perspective -- and I'm using steel as
a proxy here for metals, because it's the most common metal -- if your stuff makes it to a recycler, probably over 90 percent of the metals are going to be recovered and reused for another purpose. So sort
of left-eye view, right-eye view. Why would you use this example of all examples?" So Art Buchwald left his legacy of humor with a video that appeared soon after he died, saying, "Hi! I'm Art Buchwald, and
I just died." And since there are many genetic variants, and they have different such gradients, this means that if we determine a DNA sequence -- a genome from one individual -- we can quite accurately
estimate where that person comes from, provided that its parents or grandparents haven't moved around too much. And we wanted to use the water not only as a context, but as a primary building material. So
was Mother Teresa. codify it or qualify it or quantify it, and say, "This is what I believe in. A better mustard! A more expensive mustard! And if we start adding tranches of hydrogen in there, we are rapidly
off imports and completely off oil in the 2040s. This is an ant that stores its colleagues' honey in its abdomen. She opened a computer store then studied to be a beautician and opened another business. And
place cells in their hippocampi would fire, become active, start sending electrical impulses whenever they drove through a particular location in that town. And watch her make eye contact with them right
about now. Couldn't do it. Could not wait. And over 10,000 AEDs already in The Netherlands already have been submitted. We lived in New York City, as I said. And what I want to do in this talk is to split
them apart -- figuring out when they diverge and how they converge. He's coming up to one of my graduate students and flipper patting, which he would do to a female penguin. You know, that it's a despotic
building; it wants us to feel like termites. There are a quarter of a million -- at least those are the ones we know about -- a quarter of a million species of flowering plants. There was, however, an incident
I'm going to tell you about, that perhaps could have led me suspect something. How do they relate, and how do they conflict? Humanity had to learn about measuring roughness. And I will now prove to you that
the seemingly impossible is possible by taking this piece of steel -- solid steel -- this is the army bayonet from the Swedish Army, 1850, in the last year we had war. It's caused a lot of controversy because
people thought that this was the ultimate kind of one man, one modem democracy, where anybody can get out there and get their voice heard. He's sick of it. That's how you tap into local entrepreneurial talent
and you unlock people's potential. They export water molecules through, and leave solutes on the other side. This is an eight-legged scorpion, six-legged ant, forty-four-legged centipede. RG: I'm a very affectionate
uncle, very affectionate uncle. They've actually built two cities already in China and are preparing the third. Now let's look at another region, the Caribbean. A traditional leader is always wanting to be
right, whereas a creative leader hopes to be right. That image was the start of the X-ray technology. And when Kibaki got into power -- through a coalition of forces that were trying to clean up corruption
in Kenya -- they commissioned this report, spent about two million pounds on this and an associated report. There are almost no deaf surgeons anywhere. So, But I didn't say . I said, . Pretty close. But it
does suggest that that number might be a little big. Because for a lot of people, that's what they're in it for: the connections that are being made, one to the other. "Websites attract striking writers:
operators of sites like MyDamnChannel.com could benefit from labor disputes." I'm going to divert and talk about bananas and chocolate. How else to describe this, but as a form of mass insanity? And here
is some eye candy for you, from a range of DIY scientists and artists from all over the globe. But the bigger problem is that the ones who do survive grow up with severe, long-term health problems. Fish
tried amphibian life. Frogs adapted to deserts. They live about seven good years longer than the average American. Scott Fraser studies how humans remember crimes -- and bear witness to them. In this powerful
talk, which focuses on a deadly shooting at sunset, he suggests that even close-up eyewitnesses to a crime can create "memories" they could not have seen. Why? Because the brain abhors a vacuum. But if
you look, if you have that perspective, then you can see what happened in the last 60 years. If you think that that’s the relative importance, two to one, you’re wrong by a factor of ten. The year is 2005. So
how many of you are sort of making yourselves smaller? And then he saw a squirrel running along the wire, and he said, "There's your problem. He comes down and says, "I want to know, who is responsible? And
therefore democracy has become embedded. And today, Wikipedia is so ubiquitous that you can now find it on Chinese restaurant menus. But in another study, it showed that strangers lied three times within
the first 10 minutes of meeting each other. We have the same problems; we can just go in the streets. Simon Sinek has a simple but powerful model for inspirational leadership all starting with a golden circle
and the question "Why?" His examples include Apple, Martin Luther King, and the Wright brothers ... They're actually closer than any species we've observed. I really believe that, the people in this room. There's
a similar story, I think, for governments. There are two people climbing this tree, Gaya, which is thought to be one of the oldest Redwoods. There they are. Milo: I wonder how deep it is. So, the next to
last thing I want to say is we're interested in how much life satisfaction people have. These are sketches of some of the little details. That just over the last few years, what anybody who markets anything
has discovered is that it's not working the way that it used to. These people have a tremendous potential to tan, to develop more pigment in their skin, as a result of exposure to sun. And I wonder if the
photographer said, "Okay, Jude, could you touch your tooth? That's good." Just a tip, if you're being photographed for press pictures, don't touch your teeth. But at some point, they banded together to
hunt bigger game. At the age of four, he was installed as the 14th Dalai Lama. And yet, at the same time, this very well may be a seminal moment in American history, an opportunity for the consumer to actually
take control and guide us to a new trajectory in America. Existential risk -- the second big problem. We went back to our hotel room, and Gene was showing Natasha also where Atlanta was. and there I met my
incredible wife, Cynthia, and together, over 20 years, we built an amazing jewelry business. It's too late. That is gone. Now, 20 years on, at TED, I want to ask your help in a new reframing. The imagery
of God is absolute being, absolute awareness and knowledge and wisdom and absolute compassion and love. Google: Hold on. and it's the only way to release the energy and passion needed so that we can meet
the challenges of our time. Thank you. So this was a debugging, problem-solving scenario from the beginning because there was no recipe of how to get there. The entire aid flows to the 60 countries of the
bottom billion last year were 34 billion. Growing a mushroom is also part of a larger practice of cultivating decomposing organisms called decompiculture, a concept that was developed by an entomologist,
Timothy Myles. So that was really cool and very unexpected. Normal controls show -- that was the magic I showed you; now I'm showing it to you in graphical form -- "The one I own is better than I thought.
The one I didn't own, the one I left behind, is not as good as I thought." One can do it as a tech person, or as a finance person, or a nonprofit person, or as an entertainment person, but every one of
us is all of those things and more. So I wanted to come up with something of my own. Three, pressing unresolved environmental concerns. It just bends by itself beautifully. And we were like, "Oh, tell us more. It
could just as easily be called, "Environmental Transparency Project," "Smart Mobs for Natural Security" -- but Earth Witness is a lot easier to say. And then I went away for four months and there was going
to be groundbreaking. Going back to 1976. In 1976, I was asked to design a children's memorial museum in a Holocaust museum in Yad Vashem in Jerusalem, which you see here the campus. Which leads me to my
second passion besides ocean science, which is outer space technology. I looked in the zippered pocket of one, and I found a printed card in English, which read, "An American classic. We've been working
on this, actually, as an alternative energy source, starting way back with Johnson &amp; Johnson, to run an iBOT, because the best batteries you could get -- 10 watt-hours per kilogram in lead, 20 watt-hours
per kilogram nickel-cadmium, 40 watt-hours per kilogram in nickel-metal hydride, 60 watt-hours per kilogram in lithium, 8,750 watt-hours of energy in every kilogram of propane or gasoline -- which is why
nobody drives electric cars. That's not only the land where the livestock is walking and feeding, but it's also other areas where the feed is being produced and being transported. But this gives control
to the provider, whether there's power or not, Again, the thing that's incredible about this is this is how advanced these devices have become. And this is realistic. And there is nothing wrong about it
because the Internet has greatly empowered many of these young people Are you serious about it, and not just, you know, when the consumers want it, when the regulators force us to do it we will go there? I
wanted to show you the stages of smallpox. Charles used to say, "The extent to which you have a design style is the extent to which you have not solved the design problem." It's kind of a brutal quote. But
imagine that screen having lots of objects on it and the person has touched an object -- one of N -- like he did there, and then pushed on it. Girls: Internet. Imagine that whale listening from 500 miles. We
have already gone far beyond the limits of human endurance. And it was really amazing. You mean all I have to do is build a platform and all these people are going to put their stuff on top and I sit back
and roll it in?" As we're moving into cities, the world is also embracing a Western diet. On the backside, it's much more humane -- entrance, dining hall, etc. And then about two days later, the wind started
to change a little bit, and you could sense that the air was not healthy. "I feel a bit better now." And the effect of that pressure is that you have an increased density of gas molecules in every breath
you take. We were actually recording history. And he said, "Oh, that's great. "Send not for whom the bell tolls." They explained that the Galvao bird is a rare and endangered parrot that's in terrible, terrible
danger. A way to think about this is you can actually re-refine the processing capacity of the machinery by changing it. Thousands of people work full and part-time jobs, and live in their cars. Anyway, we
found Africa to be a magical place. And you see how attentive these kids are to these seeds. What happens if two cars share that data, if they talk to each other? Also, the reference to Gerhard Richter's
use of color charts -- and the idea also entering another realm of representation that's very common to us today, which is the bit map. I ended up narrowing the subject to Monet's "Haystacks." You know,
it's not easy to get into these caves. It's sort of your classic idea of a heat ray. It's just a sick, silly joke. And therefore, it's through listening that we've come to uncover some of the universe's most
important secrets -- its scale, what it's made of and even how old it is. So I started thinking about peace, and I was obviously, as I said to you, very much moved by these images, trying to make sense
of that. We can't do it all by ourselves. Mammograms have been around since the 1960's, And I learned two interesting things. You don't have to send out a doctor, you send out somebody who can just take the
sample, and in the clinic either a doctor, or ideally a computer in this case, does the analysis. If you don't know it, while 20 percent of blacks and Hispanics who begin with a major in science and engineering
will actually graduate in science and engineering, only 32 percent of whites who begin with majors in those areas actually succeed and graduate in those areas, and only 42 percent of Asian-Americans. And
she also got books for herself. It actually exaggerates their separateness of representation, in multi-dimensional neuronal representational terms. There's a company, Bennett and Company, that supplies Polo.com,
Victoria's Secret -- they, because of their CEO, who's aware of this, in China formed a joint venture with their dye works to make sure that the wastewater would be properly taken care of before it returned
to the groundwater. RG: You may remember, we fell head over heels in love. And yet we may not realize that in a standard sedan, of all the fuel energy you feed into the car, seven-eighths never gets to the
wheels; it's lost first in the engine, idling at zero miles a gallon, the power train and accessories. So then of the energy that does get to the wheels, only an eighth of it, half of that, goes to heat
the tires on the road, or to heat the air the car pushes aside. So I want to talk about, I want to shift now to think about how we deliver health information in this country, how we actually get information. So,
I want to start out with this beautiful picture from my childhood. So if you can read the layers it's like reading your book, and you can learn the history of what happened in the past in that location. And
they gave subjects the same wine, labeled with different price tags. That's what emergence means. So the image is that we're not only on a treadmill that's going faster, but we have to change the treadmill
faster and faster. And, buddy, that made us mad. Now this shows a Bonobo on your right, and a chimpanzee on your left. And I would look at her and I'd smile, but she was very serious. And then, of course,
they were used by extremists and politicians on the other side. My passion, and what I've spent the last few years dedicated to researching, is the collaborative behaviors and trust-mechanics inherent in
these systems. I used to work as the director of the World Bank office in Nairobi for East Africa. And she discovered, I think most interestingly, that among those institutions that worked, there were a
number of common design One-third of all drug overdoses in the U.S. -- and that includes cocaine, heroin, alcohol, everything -- one-third of drug overdoses are prescription medications. I didn't do it as
well, but we managed to get Youssou N'Dour, Sting, Tracy Chapman, and Bruce Springsteen to go 'round the world for Amnesty, and it was an amazing experience. A free press -- papers, magazines, radio, TV,
blogs -- is the backbone of any true democracy . Sasa Vucinic, a journalist from Belgrade, talks about his new fund, which supports media by selling "free press bonds." By the end of the hand axe epic,
Homo sapiens -- as they were then called, finally -- were doubtless finding new ways to amuse and amaze each other by, who knows, telling jokes, storytelling, dancing, or hairstyling. It matters to me because
I think we're setting ourselves up for trouble -- in how we relate to each other, but also trouble in how we relate to ourselves and our capacity for self-reflection. JA: If you think about it, Ground Zero
is unlike most any other tourist site in America. Well, they managed to get 18 people to show up. The spikes on the back of the Stygimoloch are actually resorbing, which means they're getting smaller as
that dome is getting bigger. We have diverted 148 million pounds -- that's 74,000 tons -- of used carpet from landfills, And this, I think, is really the future for heart surgeons. From left to right, we've
got Homo erectus, Homo habilis, and Australopithecus -- now called Paranthropus boisei, the robust australopithecine. Three extinct species, same place, same time. A marketplace was hit by a mortar shell
that killed several members of a single family. And we did side-by-side tests, and here you can see the charcoal briquettes and here the cow dung. Why don't we take it a little longer -- maybe two hours
instead of an hour -- and have less of this intensity?" If you've got two of something, you add two more, you get four. Math makes sense of the world. And does purpose play into it? And, as the name might
suggest, it is found pretty much around the world. All this white stuff -- it's not good. About eight hours later, we found them browsing and teaching each other how to browse. It's not about them, they know
that, but it has to start with them. And if we did our jobs well, you won't know that we were even involved. We've known that for a long time. We've gone through the Sputnik phase, and now, as you see the
increase in the pace of what we're doing, it becomes even more prominent. Where are all these people going to come from? The weather station's pretty interesting. So I tried to do a small good thing for
my wife. And these are different countries in Europe. And you basically see two types of countries: Leaving the shack, the wild blueberry woods, the geese, the River Sluch, they went to Palestine and then
America." We're getting ready to begin to go through the process of leaving our planet of origin and out into the wider solar system and beyond. Tim Jackson's economic reality check We've got to take that,
we've got to make that into a fusion reactor. It's a plasticizer. Well, what I'm here to say then is, for people who are skeptical about the war, it's especially important to recognize that in the aftermath
of the war there is a possibility for the government of the United States and the Muslim peoples with whom it interacts to create real forms of government that are truly democratic and also truly Islamic. And
I think if you compare the natural history of flies and mice, it's really comparable. They have to forage for food. You could have a separate section of a law library around each of the following legal
concepts: Has anyone here wondered what will happen if you go back to your room at night, and you start getting chest pains, shortness of breath, sweating? You can't imagine other businesses that you would
think of going into that have these kind of numbers. I come from a conventional, middle-class Nigerian family. CA: And these aren’t films that are primarily seen in cinemas? Three things: tastemakers, communities
of participation and unexpectedness. When Jungian analyst Inge Missmahl visited Afghanistan, she saw the inner wounds of war -- widespread despair, trauma and depression. And yet, in this county of 30 million
people, there were only two dozen psychiatrists. Missmahl talks about her work helping to build the country's system of psychosocial counseling, promoting both individual and, perhaps, national healing. And
most of all, I think the way that we participate in each other's stories is of deep importance. You couldn't see it from the street, because the home was surrounded by beech trees. You'll hear about talks
like, can a video game make you cry? So I want change gears. I'm not sure this is an improvement, or a good idea, because, like, if you don't spend quite enough time in front of your computer, you can now
get a plate in the keyboard, so there's no more faking it -- that you don't really sit at your desk all day and eat and work anyway. And I say, "Cate, what do you want to do?" I'll make it easier, actually,
by blowing one of the lines up. So the world is this complex patchwork of regions. So we're pulling out all the stops. One day in New York, I was on the street and I saw some kids playing baseball between
stoops and cars and fire hydrants. Is television literally functioning as our conscience, tempting us and rewarding us at the same time? What we see here is a mother in India, and she's speaking Koro, which
is a newly discovered language. Narrator: The mechanical beasts will not get their energy from food, but from the wind. How did he learn them? About a billion miles away, here's what happens to Earth's orbit:
it becomes elliptical instead of circular. So again, people discover their creative agency in this way. Steve Jurvetson: Steve. BL: You see this white V-shaped mark on the back of the shrimp? Compassion, because
a billion people are living in societies that have not offered credible hope. This is a mine in Zimbabwe right now. But we're different from trees, and they can also teach us something about ourselves in
the differences that we have. OK. Now this film isn't really hard enough, They're just the right tools for the job. But I wouldn't change my experience. And we would be accused of pirates for doing that, because
this music has been propertized. We have two rolls of the dice to get this right. culture,global issues,history,language,physics Don't worry, I'm not going to call anyone in particular out on any aspects
of your own mistakes. Third human need, critical: significance. We all need to feel important, special, unique. You can get it by making more money. If you think of the concept of Wikipedia where everyone
is collaborating on content, Well, biologists who couldn't take no for an answer went to the International Maritime Organization and petitioned them to say, "Can't you move that lane? Those are just lines
on the ground. And over the years, as we followed Dai Manju, we were able to see that she was able to move out of a vicious cycle and into a virtuous cycle. But what is the use if the police department is
in itself steeped in corruption? Their culture isn't working in schools, Since then, I've played other places that are much nicer. That report that landed on President Johnson's desk when I was two years
old -- That report, in fact, which had all the modern climate science -- the only thing they talked about doing was geo-engineering. You've heard of DNA; you probably studied a little bit in biology. And
that actually, specifically as a starting point of the first sabbatical, worked really well for me. and it's really changed the debate on global warming. We found it was moving in really weird ways. I love
being around these big wind generators. When you're typing on your Blackberry, Android, iPhone, don't bother switching layouts to the punctuation layout to hit the period and then a space and then try to
capitalize the next letter. It's lovely to know they're concerned, you know. Engineer: I felt I was disappointed about it. He felt like he had made a good choice because it was both energy efficient and it
washed away the building's resident microbial landscape. Play by yourself then. I let that pass. It was created by scientists, but it couldn't have been created if they didn't have a printing press as a tool. behavioral
economics,economics,money,psychology There they are today. For 4,000 years, we fished sustainably for this animal, and it's evidenced in the art that we see from thousands of years ago. Whatever its causes,
the decline of violence, I think, has profound implications. It should force us to ask not just, why is there war? But also, why is there peace? Not just, what are we doing wrong? But also, what have we
been doing right? Well, to answer the slightly easier question first, about 10,000 years ago, I would say, is the beginning of this process in the ancient Near East, known as the Fertile Crescent. So you
may have thought that the creation of life was going to happen in something that looked like that. We were four girls and no boys. Benki is a leader of the Ashaninka Nation. animals,design,evolution,robots,science,technology,transportation Until
that day comes, I stand for my father who tried to shoot the Nazis with an old gun. My husband too has spent a long time in prison." It's all politics. This was in August. This was the replacement, and it's
supposed to last for two years. There's a deep resistance because using these tools forces us to confront that we're not a system, forces us to behave with a different set of values. That means that we,
once again, have a thing where we can put technology out, but the mentoring that is required to go from a simple new iChat instant messaging system to something with depth is missing. this is a village
sponsored by Nike. And compassion is unleashed in wider and wider circles by signs and stories, never by statistics and strategies. We're four percent of the world's population; we use 25 percent of the
world's oil production. Singer/songwriter Eddi Reader performs "Kiteflyer's Hill," a tender look back at a lost love. With Thomas Dolby on piano. Metaphor is not just the detection of patterns; it is the
creation of patterns. And last but not least, none of this would have happened without the advent of the tremendous progress that's been made on the technology front. Now, I passed all my biology exams in
Britain. I'm going to organize it and direct it and get it going in the world. What we are going to be doing with that Rover as it drives around, it's going to go and analyze the chemical composition of
rocks. And the rate has accelerated since the measurements began nine years ago. Imagine a student taking a giant test for three full days. Don’t know what they do with that, but they have one. In fact, really
what I think they should do, if anything -- they're trying so hard to protect those nests -- actually, if they destroyed every single nest some of the birds would leave, and that would be better for them
this year. We can use the same technologies that fishers use to identify where the species are, in order to close the area when it's most vulnerable, which may, in some cases, be year-round. I want to talk
to you about fear. There's a fourth embrace, and it's the hardest. It's a process which is playful and creative and informative. And she shook her head and said, "Oh, these Americans. We gave them a language, I'm
not on top of the class. That's the steward. But you could go out someplace brand new, build a brand new apartment building, as long as the rules there were ones that facilitated construction rather than
getting in the way. It pairs closely with love, which is the will for the other to be happy, It is in your interests that I'm healthy, happy, well-fed. This is a modest little app. So you had social complexity
spanning the whole continent, even if no polity did similarly. Today, you've got nation states. And in that space station we have the genetic material, the chromosomes, within a nucleus. Because all this
light here goes up to the sky. If we were speaking Mandarin Chinese with each other, though, I wouldn't have that luxury. It really is a fact that liberals are much higher than conservatives on a major personality
trait called openness to experience. There's our milk. There's our carton. So he was a photographer by day, and a forger by night for 30 years. Now, you can get significance a million ways, but to be significant,
you've got to be unique and different. And, for example, Wolfram Alpha and Mathematica are actually now full of algorithms that we discovered by searching the computational universe. So it gives us virtual
access to the lungs, which is where many important diseases reside. Together, we can. It went into Time magazine in 2001 as the new language of the 21st century. I didn't save all of them, because I didn't
realize at the beginning that it would be something that I would want to keep track of. What goes around always comes around, and this rule applies not just to man, but also the gods. And the other thing
is to allow those hunches to connect with other people's hunches; that's what often happens. humanity's collective immune response to today's threats. And that's not the only thing that bad sound damages. Most
of the amazingness of the clock we can borrow from the amazingness of the mountain. Just look at the advertisements. But I think it's possible that the most powerful and the wisest voice of all of them may
well be the voice of this mute thing, the Cyrus cylinder. We have to make the right moral decision. And now we've grown to over 100,000 members. And they spread, actually, very quickly, even outside the
U.S. FG: That will be finished in 2003 -- September, October -- how many terrorists could I possibly play before turning into one myself? Everyone who works in the culinary world knows that the first stage
of cooking is "mise en place," But the future is actually even brighter. Interviewer: This much? Boy: Yeah. I know. It's insane, right? Most of the talks that you've heard in the last several fabulous days
have been from people who have the characteristic that they have thought about something, they are experts, they know what's going on. Not six months later, in July 2002, Ethiopia announced a major food
crisis, to the same proportions as 1984: 14 million people at risk of starvation. That's not terribly compelling. It's not an action, but in the English language, it is also an action. There are nano-engineered
designs, which at least have been analyzed theoretically, that show the potential to be very lightweight, very inexpensive, very efficient, and we'd be able to actually provide all of our energy needs
in this renewable way. Now, imagine a program where some of those objects are physically heavy and some are light: one is an anvil on a fuzzy rug and the other one is a ping-pong ball on a sheet of glass. This
brings us up to the time that I started consulting to Airstream. I campaigned against nuclear weapons in the '80s, and I continue to do so now. Because my mother was a woman, she was not allowed to own any
property, and by default, everything in my family anyway belongs to my father, so he had the right. Oh, Goldie Hawn. I love her, too; she's wonderful. Yeah. Determination is, like, you're going to hang on
that bull, even if you're riding upside down. And this company, the first thing it did was make a liquid formulation of hydrogen sulfide an injectable form that we could put in and send it out to physician
scientists all over the world who work on models of critical care medicine, and the results are incredibly positive. There's no seams inside so you can sterilize it very easily. That's quite a bit more than
just a few mammals that we're eating, like a cow or a pig or a sheep. We can actually model that behavior better as a fluid, if you look at it. Because they took me very gently from my book-lined study and
brought me into the 21st century, I don't understand the legs." If there's a child in trouble, we beam a Gran. Physicist Brian Greene explains superstring theory, the idea that minscule strands of energy
vibrating in 11 dimensions create every particle and force in the universe. And I quote, "As my muscles weakened, my writing became stronger. Where it comes from is an organization called the Young Foundation,
which, over many decades, has come up with many innovations in education, like the Open University and things like Extended Schools, Schools for Social Entrepreneurs, Summer Universities and the School
of Everything. the workflow is more intuitive the way we used to do it maybe 20 years back, rather than now switching between these two worlds. I had to hook it up to a computer, so I couldn't just train
it anywhere. So I've told you a bit about what I did to try and drag Parliament, kicking and screaming, into the 21st century, and I'm just going to give you a couple of examples of what a few other people
I know So this is a guy called Seb Bacon. He's a computer programmer, and he built a site called Alaveteli, and what it is, it's a Freedom of Information platform. Of course, they're not alive. Because remember,
we spend 90 percent of our lives indoors. But this complement may be much inferior to what, with other laws and institutions, the nature of its soil, climate, and situation might admit of." Again, fairly
more complex organs, Now you've probably garnered that I don't love the USDA, and I don't have any idea what to do with their pyramid, this upside-down pyramid with a rainbow over the top, I don't know. And
I gave in to the staged swim. Imagine a coil. For those of you that are engineers, there's a capacitor attached to it too. But if God can or will do these things -- intervene to change the flow of events
-- then surely he could have stopped the tsunami. And they're going to be wirelessly telemetered again to your mobile devices so you can go places and be monitored remotely. And I saw in my IM window that
Mike Moriarty was at the base. And the good news is that if we added all of those components and thought about them, how do we create our own meaning, pride, motivation, and how do we do it in our workplace
and for the employees, I think we could get people to both be more productive and happier. Country after country is splitting, seceding, succeeding, failing -- He's clearly been in a cave for the last 20,000
years. You don't need permission from people to lead them. So that's getting a lot of interest, and to show you some example of what we did in there, we actually dropped a probe, which was developed by our
colleagues in Europe, we dropped a probe as we were orbiting Saturn. So you could have something that climbs along and reads it and can output at one to one. Joan Halifax: Compassion and the true meaning
of empathy You add shared use, and you can even go further. Below awareness, with no requirement for any kind of motivated processing, the brain fills in information not originally stored, from inference,
from speculation, from sources of information that came to you, as the observer, after the observation. We experience the world through a sequence of patterns, and we store them, and we recall them. And
when we recall them, we match them up against reality, and we're making predictions all the time. I took this picture because this turns out to be the first coffeehouse to open in England in 1650. I never
called myself Mr. Uplift. Biopolymers, these new ideas for materials, will come into play in probably a decade. On the other hand, you give a kid -- a three-year-old kid -- a computer and they type a little
command and -- Poof! -- something happens. But he saw the work, the care, the compassion that Sanghamitra and her team brought to the village, and he wanted to be part of it. What newspaper was it in? What
book? Dodged by death, he spent much of his time in his suite at the Waldorf-Astoria. In a few days, tens of thousands of people there -- angry Egyptians who were asking the ministry of interior affairs,
"Enough. And I can find United States up there. Preschool kids, for example, should be allowed to dive, hit, whistle, scream, be chaotic, and develop through that a lot of emotional regulation and a lot
of the other social byproducts -- cognitive, emotional and physical -- that come as a part of rough and tumble play. They have been compared to astronauts -- these elder navigators who sail vast open oceans
in double-hulled canoes thousands of miles from a small island. I'm the daughter of an American mother and an Egyptian-Lebanese-Syrian father. Africa,development,economics,entrepreneur,global issues,health
care,investment,philanthropy,women The stagnationist view is that ideas get used up, like low-hanging fruit, but the reality is that each innovation creates building blocks for even more innovations. He
likes chocolate, he likes vanilla. Now to put some neurobiological meat on this abstract model, we constructed a simple one-dimensional world for our favorite subject, fruit flies. And so, every technology
is sort of a creative force looking for the right job. That's enough energy to meet the daily electrical needs of 200 American households. The first two and a half percent of our population are our innovators. And
who would have thought that scientists trying to cure malaria could come up with breakthroughs in biofuels? And on Earth Day, 1990 -- the 20th anniversary of Earth Day -- that’s when I began to speak. The
second one is be active. it was very interesting. And one day, by chance, some visitors from the NIE came by in their double-breasted suits looking at this setup, and none of the children who were normally
there, except for this one child, were there. This is a fashion show we held in London. By giving away our TEDx brand, we suddenly have a thousand-plus live experiments in the art of spreading ideas. And
it is out of this and out of this tight coupling between the brain stem and the body that I believe -- and I could be wrong, but I don't think I am -- that you generate this mapping of the body that provides
the grounding for the self and that comes in the form of feelings -- primordial feelings, by the way. I'll move it off, and we'll have a blank slide for those who are squeamish amongst you. And what we could
use as a binder was actually small amounts of cow manure, which they used ordinarily for their fuel. In fact, about 80 percent of the active ingredients in medicines now come from offshore, particularly
China and India, People go out and upgrade their toilet. You may have seen this in other forms, but the top line is the amount of protected area on land, globally, and it's about 12 percent. Who says it's
too expensive? That when it comes to the rich, we'll bail out and we'll hand a lot of aid, but when it comes to our poor brethren, we want little to do with it. There's no reason why you can't have that
peer-to-peer tutoring beyond that one classroom. I don't know what it is. I get asked in interviews a lot, "My god, you're guitars are so gigantic!" This is our maiden voyage in this. Public space. Eleven
thousand people came -- more than that. And they're trying to do that. If you set goals for yourself and you're like a lot of other people, it's not that your goals are physically impossible that's keeping
you from achieving them, it's that you lack the self-discipline to stick to them. Not that it's the first time that we do nice things to each other, or for each other, as social beings. We do it all the
time. If I search for something, and you search for something, even right now at the very same time, we may get very different search results. So now you put the two things together. And on the left are the
cutting machines, which then, in the factory, enable those individual pieces to be fabricated and plus or minus very, very few millimeters, to be slotted together on site. It's games that fit into a healthy
lifestyle. No, I mean really. And really what we're talking about is constructing reality. And nobody knew anything about it. So people that society once considered to be disabled can now become the architects
of their own identities and indeed continue to change those identities by designing their bodies from a place of empowerment. Todorov tells us that, in a tenth of a second, we can make a judgment on somebody's
face. Commodities are things that you grow in the ground, raise on the ground or pull out of the ground: basically, animal, mineral, vegetable. But it shows the understanding that he has, because he puts
his big foot on the rope, stands on the rope and waits there for the other, and then the other is going to do all the work for him. Imagine sensors in the hand coming up and pressing on this new hand skin. They're
Christians. And that is, what is the question that we're trying to answer? Some places are doing this with new eco districts, developing whole new sustainable neighborhoods, which is nice work if you can
get it, but most of the time, what we're talking about is, in fact, reweaving the urban fabric that we already have. But this is no laughing matter. And then for a real beginner, you would go down even further
and elaborate more -- say, "Open the oven, preheat, wait for the light to go out, open the door, don't leave it open too long, put the penguin in and shut the door ..." whatever. A world fit for mammals.
From tiny shrews [came] tenrecs, accustomed to the dark. And so with that, I think that what we can do, if we do this, we can make sure that our future -- our more perfect future -- includes beekeepers
and it includes bees and it includes those meadows. Can you tell where the tumor is? They wished they'd not packed rice. How do we make stable societies? Longevity. You can compare how that building, in terms
of its emission in tons of carbon dioxide per year -- at the time that we took that project, over 7,000 tons -- what it would have been with natural gas and finally, with the vegetable oil, 450 tons. And
pretty soon, a picture started emerging. In the U.S. and Spain, it was popular at the same time. But I think we should also just check the numbers, take a reality check here. Or, we decide that we're going
to prevent dementia, and it will never happen to us because we're going to do everything right and it won't come and get us. And the thing I want you to look at here is the telescope on the right-hand side. So,
looking wide, using your peripheral vision, is a really interesting place to look for opportunity. And as we already heard, there is a way in which we are trying, and now able, to answer that question. So
anyway, let's go with the red pill. And the idea here is, imagine, again, we can involve people in doing something and changing our environment -- almost to impart what we call cloud raising -- like barn
raising, but with a cloud. They were there three days and it rained every day And I woke up one day and I said, "I don't need Prozac anymore." Well, that's a big question. These "why" questions, particularly
in genetics and the study of history in general, are always the big ones, In Africa, small farmers bear the brunt of this risk. In front of them on a screen is information about the wine. Isn't that terrific? Has
to be visible in bright daylight. Will work anywhere. He doesn't want to put high-speed Internet at home. same principles, different applications and different settings -- It's actually just happened here
-- light to dark in six seconds. When I stop to think about it, he's absolutely right. Stretch the envelope." And at a point in time, he got so engrossed in the whole challenge, that he himself became a
member of the team. One of the most impressive things about what some, perhaps 10, of the speakers have been talking about is the realization, as you listen to them carefully, that they're not saying: Well,
this is what we should do; this is what I would like you to do. This has come 'round to be that all those naked pachyderms have aquatic ancestors. Well, we've now discovered 4,000 medical and surgical procedures. So
this is a lighthouse. I too was fascinated by this new and disruptive cell technology, and this inspired a shift in my mindset, from transplanting whole organs to transplanting cells. And together we got
through the eye of the financial storm in Iceland without taking any direct losses to our equity or to the funds of our clients. that this theme was large enough to become a life's work, to become something
that I could sink my teeth into and just research and find out where these industries are. And so you can go in and have a billion different viruses that are all genetically identical, but they differ from
each other based on their tips, on one sequence that codes for one protein. This would be an example of one pivot. In the end, it was one of the top downloads on a whole bunch of music streaming services. The
headlines tell us that genes can give us scary diseases, maybe even shape our personality, or give us mental disorders. Marco Tempest: The magic of truth and lies What we came up with was an idea to exploit
an old fact, or a known fact, about social networks, which goes like this: Do you know that your friends have more friends than you do? So, we talked about ways in which perhaps one could partner to be
able to bring the cost of this technology down. Now, if we have all these tools at our disposal, we simply have to ask the question, and Thaler and Sunstein have, of how we can use these more intelligently. And
so with all these crises, we have -- let's see -- ethnic and minority tensions; we have chemical and nuclear spills, nuclear proliferation. And 10 years into the project, the skeptics were still going strong
-- says, "You're two-thirds through this project, and you've managed to only sequence a very tiny percentage of the whole genome." With, you know, of course, there's the gravity brain. There's the weak
brain. And then there's my weak brain, which is too -- too -- absolutely too weak to understand what the fuck she was talking about. This was a huge leap, because Babbage is there saying, "We could compute
these amazing functions and print out tables of numbers and draw graphs," — — and Lovelace is there and she says, "Look, this thing could even compose music if you told it a representation of music numerically." Unfortunately,
while this society is, without a doubt, the most prosperous and dynamic the world has ever created, it's got some major, major flaws. In Indian sport we don't make things happen, accidents happen and we're
in the right place at the right time, sometimes. And the coffeehouse played such a big role in the birth of the Enlightenment, in part, because of what people were drinking there. Again, the goal is not
just to sell to people who need what you have; the goal is to sell to people who believe what you believe. So I appeal to you. Our demand for meat, dairy and refined carbohydrates -- the world consumes one
billion cans or bottles of Coke a day -- our demand for these things, not our need, our want, drives us to consume way more calories than are good for us. The first thing is, we're very fortunate that technology
is at a point where it is much more advanced than when other countries had the development. A few freeze-dried meals, but mostly I try and eat much more unprocessed foods. We started off with an experiment
in Hyderabad, India, where I gave a group of children -- they spoke English with a very strong Telugu accent. I mean, religious leaders are kind of in the inspiration business. We made the ocean unhappy;
we made people very unhappy, and we made them unhealthy. But if you line them up, if you just take those three skulls and just line them up, they line up like this. And especially as suburbia is becoming
less centered on the family, the family households, there's a real hunger for more third places. They bring us the camera; we make up a contact sheet; they figure out which are the two best pictures; and
we now spend six hours teaching them about darkrooms. "Well, because the street is safer now," they answered. Well, I stood up to her. But in this case it is not the medication that is dependent on the patient. I
mean, I'm a huge geek, I love computers. We can also tag and track fishing vessels. The one on the right is the one who gets grapes. But teach them how to fix the price, guess the price, pull up the photos. But
especially when I was talking to the African women, I sometimes made these mistakes -- it was so hard for me to learn how to listen." So this is really journalism in cartoons. I've been interested in food
for a long time. He's a psychologist we've been collaborating with. So I grew up in a family of women. And it's used for conflict resolution. We roll 120-foot Spartan, i.e. our vision, up to our clients' gates
of Troy. And we don't understand why they won't let us in. Right? And at the time, people actually answered that question But there was no evidence. So then we broke it down. Because the leaders in the government
there in Honduras would need help from partner countries, who could benefit from partner countries who help them set up the rules in this charter and the enforcement, so everybody can trust that the charter
really will be enforced. Asking for your bank details. We've made small wins in diseases like chronic myelogenous leukemia, where we have a pill that can put 100 percent of people in remission, I have one
climate crisis; I don't really need the second one." And they were able to get tens of thousands of, primarily, women, some men, in the streets to bring about change. The fact is that we simply don't know
when the warming that we create will be utterly overwhelmed by feedback loops. It's been created; nobody knows. They could be quite mild. Many, many steps were taken to pull this off. We're losing a ritual
that I believe is transformative, transcendent, and is at the heart of the patient-physician relationship. The key that we see, though, is training and then early access. and I was embarrassed by it. AIDS,epidemiology,global
issues,health,medicine We started selectively breeding animals many, many thousands of years ago. They're glorified drill and practice. Yeah. Jack -- you [unclear] with Jack? Now, if you like to represent
this zero and one of binary, you need a device. All those ideas are already out there in print. And one part of NASA was interested in it but the headquarters in NASA, they killed the project. So he realized
he had a set whose number of elements was larger than infinity. When we're on our deathbeds, will we regret the time we spent playing games? We needed creases and dimples and wrinkles and all of those things. Because,
yes, if you see something like this, then all right, fine, I'm going to call it life -- no doubt about it. Visa now reports that more people are using debit cards than they're using credit cards. Your worldview,
though, does determine everything else in your life, because it determines your decisions; it determines your relationships; it determines your level of confidence. I blogged about those letters and the
days when they were necessary, and I posed a kind of crazy promise to the Internet: that if you asked me for a hand-written letter, I would write you one, no questions asked. When we compare those hundred
years of video, we're comparing it against millions of reference files in our database. five-and-a-half thousand square miles. It turns out that B of A in September had 32 times. And your friendly Citibank
had 47 times. It means we've got to get out of here. Thomas Edison would have been very, very comfortable in the atmosphere of a software firm today. This is a 370-dollar shelter that can be easily assembled. Within
the last 200,000 years, we all share an ancestor, a single person -- Mitochondrial Eve, you might have heard about her -- in Africa, an African woman who gave rise to all the mitochondrial diversity in
the world today. But I've come to conclude lately that it isn't like that. And what we're seeing is not just the potential death of the Eastern Hemlock species -- that is to say, its extinction from nature
due to this invading parasite -- but we're also seeing the death of an incredibly complex ecosystem for which these trees are merely the substrate for the aerial labyrinth of the sky that exists in their
crowns. So a few examples: we're now in the era of "Fantastic Voyage," the iPill. And I'm sorry if you can't read the numbers, they're kind of small. So what this says is that sometimes the things that you
least expect -- the position in which you put the handle -- have a bigger effect than any of those other things that you were trying to optimize. 10 years after that military intervention, that country
is far from secure. I beat out all the Ph.D.'s because I figured that if you treat children like human beings, it increases the likelihood they're going to behave that way. Hello governments of rich countries
selling arms to governments of poor countries who can't even afford to give them food. Artist Neil Harbisson was born completely color blind, but these days a device attached to his head turns color into
audible frequencies. Instead of seeing a world in grayscale, Harbisson can &lt;em&gt;hear&lt;/em&gt; a symphony of color -- and yes, even listen to faces and paintings. Phone: Hey you, what's going on? But
there's another thing. Do you know what that says to me? There lie the answers to the solution to local jihad. So, I'd like to show you a little glimpse of what common practice looks like at Riverside. It's
an arduous, difficult sport, and I don't remember smiling at any time during this sport. I am five times more likely to live within walking distance of a power plant or chemical facility -- which I do. Are
your shoulders ready? And they were. They were prepared. And the how was harmony, stacking up the pitches to form chords. 2005, when I did the Atlantic, was the year of Hurricane Katrina. Here's what my neuropsychologist
provided for me when I actually found somebody who could apply it. And in particular, I think we can learn things Now the video games industry is far and away the fastest growing of all modern media. These
countries' borders originate from Stalin's decrees. And you have to imagine, there's an entire sea-like lake I still don't understand this one Russian man working in his bare chest, but that tells you how
hard he was working. Just as the most nuanced stories in literature are often the richest, so too might our subtlest fears be the truest. I always tried to make the youngsters feel that they're there to
get an education, number one. And in fact at this age it is substantially controlling its own self-development. And they said, "Well you can dig." And we decided to dig up, These are perfect matches to one
another. In the general election, it's the citizens who get to vote, if you're over 18, in some states if you have an ID. Valence means good or bad, positive or negative. And so if you think of yourself as
a sort of city with a hundred resources, then, when you're afraid, for example, you may discard your long-range goals, but you may think deeply and focus on exactly how to achieve that particular goal. My
question is: How many of those stories are actually going to matter in the long run? And I was going to do a thing, I say, "Well, change the copy. I actually suggested to -- there is a researcher at the
University of Alabama who does orgasm research. Most remote community, I have never met a villager who does not want a vote. Another thing that can be very, very, very successful is there is a lot of people
that may have retired from working in the software industry, and they can teach your kid. In politics also, there are different opinions. Here's a $2,000 Hawaiian vacation package; it's now on sale for 1,600.
Assuming you wanted to go to Hawaii, would you buy this package? Not only to build the systems, the business models that allow us to reach low income people in a sustainable way, but to connect those business
to other markets, to governments, to corporations -- real partnerships if we want to get to scale. They talked about feeling stronger and braver. Ironic that my legs are fine, and it's my shoulders that
slow up my walk. And here, I had a mat here to make it a little -- the critical moment is -- sorry. In fact, we were talking last night about how all of the steamy novels of Harold Robbins had done more
for sex education of horny teenage boys in Africa than any sex education programs ever had. Another thing that helped me as a little kid is, boy, in the '50s, you were taught manners. And I very quickly
made a list of the things I was interested in, put them in a hierarchy, divided them into chunks of time and then made a plan, very much like in grade school. And I know that oil comes from the ocean and
phytoplankton, Hi. For those of you who haven't seen dancing bears, these are the dancing bears. When you look at elementary-school children, we have hundreds and hundreds of millions of children around
the world that could benefit tremendously from being able to be connected to the Internet. because there is some people who understand live subtitles are a kind of an oxymoron, As I say, we go in and shake
up other industries, and I think, you know, we do it differently and I think that industries are not quite the same as a result of Virgin attacking the market. The real bacteria and viruses are so small
we can't see them without a microscope, and you guys might know bacteria and viruses because they both make us sick. And it looks really good. It's downtowns becoming ghost towns. The brain drain -- where
all of the most educated and qualified leave and never come back. One of the things we've found was, about half the patients with phantom limbs claim that they can move the phantom. And I sort of really
was dumbstruck. Bobo called me on the phone from Yale Medical School, and Bobo said, "Shawn, I have leprosy." Other products cost less. Other products had more features. Then the distribution. What's a bigger
mystery box than a movie theater? But technology alone is not enough. Mexico is not at all on par with the United States, I see the Copenhagen Consensus as a process. So if I want the music to get to a certain
level of intensity, the first step for me is to be patient, to listen to what's going on and pull from something that's going on around me. WK: I think we have discovered a very important issue in the Arab
world -- that people care, people care about this great transformation. But then he stops himself and he says, "You know, I'm not telling you the truth. design,math,presentation,science,visualizations So
hopefully everything has been positive, positive, positive, more positive. So, basically you breath pure O2 first, oxygenating your body, flushing out CO2, and you are able to hold much longer. people begin
to think they don't need to work so hard to cut emissions. It's not about It's not about trying to change human nature. And he rushed home. And after the Sabbath, he made 12 loaves of bread, took them to
the synagogue, went into the synagogue, opened the ark and said, "God, I don't know why you want this bread, but here you are." I will give points for those who know it. I mean, this is a very pervasive
-- this is part of our DNA. This picture is the hallmark of censorship in the book record. In Kenya, contested presidential elections in 2007 -- we just heard about them -- quickly led to high levels of
inter-ethnic violence and the killing and displacement of thousands of people. In Sri Lanka, a decades-long civil war between the Tamil minority and the Sinhala majority led to a bloody climax in 2009,
after perhaps as many as 100,000 people had been killed since 1983. The team that was hunting for this IED is called an EOD team— Explosives Ordinance Disposal—and they're the pointy end of the spear in
the American effort to suppress these roadside bombs. we are going to do road tolls, When I became a "vulnerability researcher" and that became the focus because of the TEDTalk -- and I'm not kidding. Well
unfortunately, they didn't have sugarcane and they didn't have cassava, but that didn't stop us. they kind of cauterize them and the roots die. And I want to ask three questions in this talk, in the 10 minutes
that remain, about the blogosphere. So the point of all this for us today is not just hopefully honesty for the sake of honesty, but a hope that by being more honest and candid about these experiences,
that we can all collectively bend that happiness baseline up a little bit. If you look first at the behavior of the fly on the right, you can see that whenever it reaches the midpoint of the chamber where
the two odors meet, it marches straight through, as it did before. You talk about human capital, you talk about education and public health. This is not the end, this is the beginning of the end." But I had
to sleep with a kola nut next to my bed, buried in sand, and give seven coins to seven lepers and so on. BG: So I think that right now, many people in the audience are asking, "Okay, when are you developing
a double-seater so they can fly with you?" But if you don't do that, if you allow for the accident to keep on happening, you have the possibility of getting on a wavelength. So, again, this is stuff we're
doing with Danny Hillis and a group called Applied Proteomics, where we can start to see individual neutron differences, That is precisely what we do today when we decide that everybody with one of these
brain disorders, brain circuit disorders, has a behavioral disorder. We hear a lot about the collapse of cod. It was a little bit too funky, and we wanted a more feminine point of view and employed a duck
who did it in a much more fitting way -- fashion. Or can you move beyond my veil and see me for who I truly am inside? And people would come in and learn more about it. because I have to carve Homer Simpson
like that, in that position. One after another, they came in and ordered Feynman sandwiches. And it was Madame Bousson, you know, she was very [French]. However, I did have a number of real moments of happiness
in my life -- of, you know, I think what the conference brochure refers to as "moments that take your breath away." And then they repackage them and sell them out on markets for literally more money than
a sterile syringe in the first place, which is quite bizarre. So there is no mistake. The lessons for us are three-fold. If you -- so a sad story will be picked up by her. It's actually surprisingly hard for
me to see a Fijian feature film. Just as you're walking down: "[Imitating Arabic] -- strawberry!" The name of the movie is "Home" -- "Maison." It's kind of commonplace now, but his argument was -- because
he'd been searching for the fossilized remains of early humans in Africa. And you can tell an awful lot about what those beings looked like from the fossils, from the shape of the muscle attachments, Let's
go to approaches. And the problems that we are facing today in fields like science and in economics are so vast and so complex that we are going to need armies of people coming together to solve them working
together. This brings us to the point, which is, it's oftentimes what you do, not how you do it, that is the determining factor. And September 11th certainly taught us that that's a whole area we don't investigate." It
is because I have had life-altering experiences in virtual space, and video games had begun to erode my own understanding of what is real and what is not. This is an incident which occurred on Mount Everest; BG:
Describe for me the equipment since you have it here. As an art form it lies somewhere between still-life painting and plumbing. And we believe that the people of this country are also now global citizens
and will support that ethic ..." So I'm committing to potatoes; I'm committing to milk; I'm committing to leeks and broccoli -- all very important stuff. "Just a one-eyed monkey," said the Brahmin. More importantly,
the force that I led was spread over more than 20 countries. With the trains coming in to urban hubs, they can carry pollen with them, very light pollen, and it's just a big supermarket in the city. Well,
Worldchanging you might think of as being a bit of a news service for the unimaginable future. And through her self-defense, she grabbed their Adam's apples, she punched them in the eyes and she got herself
free and out of the car. This is what's happened in the last 28 years. None can make a stitch in time. You have to figure out what all those words mean. But that being said, we just as easily could have lost
one of the oldest living things on the planet, and the full impact of that disaster Now this is something that I think is one of the most quietly resilient things on the planet. If you took the idea of
fractal technology further, take a membrane, shrinking it down constantly like nature does -- that could be a seat for a chair; it could be a sole for a sports shoe; it could be a car blending into seats. We
also heard distancing language: "that woman." It could be on your roof, or in your backyard, or somewhere else. Most of what we eat today. So the difference is, is that rather than linking from page to page,
we're actually going to link from one idea on a page to another idea, rather than to the other page. In terms of spreading gambling activity to the masses, this was an unqualified success. The country --
the home of biological. And putting them together. And I think this is one of the most important things to us as humans. So, the ants in the older colony that seem to be more stable are not any older than
the ants in the younger colony. They don't have funding yet, but I dream now of bringing these to cities around the world where they're most needed. And it's pretty incredible because I took my iPhone there,
and he was like, "Yeah, do you want an upgrade?" We cannot solve these problems unless we work together. In other words, solutions by the poor people need not be cheaper, need not be, so-called, jugaad,
need not be some kind of makeshift arrangement. Bring me a canvas and some paint, and I will paint a Vermeer much better than I sold that disgusting Nazi. This was 50,000 years ago, so it may have wiped
out a few buffalo or antelope, or something like that out in the desert, but it probably would not have caused global devastation. In fact, if you look really closely at stuff, if you look at the basic
substructure of matter, there isn't anything there. "I work," he said. Don’t know the reason for the pink flamingos, but anyway, they’re there in the garden. The Chinese naval contingent. The Psycho Milt question
is, was it a good idea? A few years later, we then hit on the idea of explaining to people the secret of, how do you get the content you want, the way you want it and the easy way? For example, imagine a
passage from Edward Gibbon's "The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire:" "The whole engagement lasted above twelve hours, till the graduate retreat of the Persians was changed into a disorderly flight,
of which the shameful example was given by the principal leaders and the Surenas himself." And the reason was because of overfishing, And basically it's all evolved to handle its food source, which is dung. I
would like to quote one of my own household gods. So, what the hell. Adventists are conservative Methodists. Or worse, we seek revenge, in all probability thereby triggering the next phase in an escalating
cycle of counter-revenge, which we see, of course, all over the world today. so it's kind of the world debut of our digital imaging center. People said, "We've been doing it this way for all these years. I
think inside at some point, we put our heads down on the pillow and we go, "There's got to be more to life than this." Never seen Sweden. But we see, mistakenly, each of these issues as individual problems
to be solved. If you want to get at the big part -- I mean from a public health level, where my training is -- you're looking at behavioral issues. So he got Joshua Bell to take his million dollar violin
down to a Washington D.C. subway station and stand in the corner and see how much money he would make. So, it should have happened about 480,000 years ago. So, the information guru Lee Byron and myself,
we scraped 10,000 status Facebook updates for the phrase "break-up" and "broken-up" and this is the pattern we found -- people clearing out for Spring Break, coming out of very bad weekends on a Monday,
being single over the summer, and then the lowest day of the year, of course: Christmas Day. And there's a chimpanzee watching, an actual real chimpanzee watching a computer screen on which we play these
animations. There's poverty, you give money to help -- no one asked me for a donation. Google has one. The Internet Archive has one. So this is an interactive tool that you can move around and see different
parts of the city. Not only that, but on top -- the lifeblood -- that plumbing system turns off every year or so. We killed thousands of Post-it notes. Can any of you remember what you wanted to be when you
were 17? And we got the same remarkable results. And they came up with all kinds of ideas. You know I sat at home and I watched. 4 am in the morning. I was clearly worried about my intellectual property when
I was eight. And then we can form, in effect, a mesh network. And today, I will use Selam, the earliest child ever discovered, to tell you a story of all of us. I used to be able to talk like that. One of
the features, though, of disgust, is not just its universality and its strength, but the way that it works through association. One of the most beautiful things is that designers really work on life, even
though they take technology into account. They depend on us for their survival. But the Indians have been scanning a lot of their own books -- about 300,000 now -- doing very well. It will create huge opportunities
in technology. and those local entrepreneurs then hire sales people, who go out with bicycles and pushcarts and wheelbarrows to sell the product. It's to supplement the experience. And the lines look curved. When
I was four years old, I have a vivid memory of finding two pinpoint scars on my ankle and asking my dad what they were. So, what I'd like to do today is tell you a little bit about myself, because I'd like
to put in context what I'm going to tell you. The members of the philosophical breakfast club helped form a number of new scientific societies, including the British Association. First it starts with the
sexual organs, then it starts with cuss words, then it was Bush slanders and then people actually got to art. I had a slide that said Breakdown. So, I actually was interested enough in this to put together
several groups of people. So the Internet needs addressing and directions. they go to USA, Germany, U.K. for treatment. Unbelievable. And these things we were taught by outsiders. The members of the philosophical
breakfast club disagreed. But when the American parents were asked if they would rather have had the doctors make the decision, they all said, "No." But I said to them, "I just have one question, which is,
by the time that everybody got to the prosecutor's office, what had happened to them?" And after a pause, they said, "They had been tortured." So the pieces are, not only the training of the lawyers, but
us finding a way to systematically implement early access to counsel, because they are the safeguard in the system for people who are being tortured. I have been basically spending the last few years documenting
the efforts of some extremely intrepid men and women who are putting, literally at times, their lives at stake working in some very remote and very hostile places so that they may gather the faintest signals
from the cosmos in order for us to understand this universe. and in that explanation -- the daycare center had no contract -- should have been operating without any constraints. That means I need to know
how I tick, when I collapse, where my formidable points are, where my weaker points are. But two of the main things: one of it, I was longing for more work that was appealing to a broad public, that was
accessible. Even cats were watching this video. where do you go putting all of these disparate pieces together? Somebody? What? Five to 10 thousand years! Now imagine this. So that becomes a very powerful force
for them to make their brand more elastic. and it's a place that is never far from my mind. It was somebody who was trying to ask a question about JavaScript. Many of you might be familiar with Taz, the cartoon
character, the one that spins around and around and around. As it turns out, there is a strong relationship between mind-wandering now and being unhappy a short time later, consistent with the idea that
mind-wandering is causing people to be unhappy. So there's all this hustle and bustle going on for the big unveiling. But I'm going see what happens if I press this button. From her, I learned, amongst many
other things, one very precious lesson -- that if you want to destroy something in this life, be it an acne, a blemish or the human soul, all you need to do is to surround it with thick walls. The next
work is a sound-sensitive installation that we affectionately call "The Pygmies." Common sense, a rare idea in the law, but here it was. Common sense -- -- Revolts at the idea. Common sense. It will change
every six months, and it will become an art installation in the North Side of Pittsburgh, and it will probably become a landmark in the area. We're all on that same journey with them. You can watch me for
one minute now and you'll see the whole thing. You remember? And you learned the answer, and you've carried this answer in your head for 10, 20, 30, 40 years: And I first begin with a pie chart -- and I
promise this is the only pie chart in the whole presentation -- Essentially, we are pattern-seeking primates. And this is Latin America. It has everything on this Earth, from the poorest to the richest,
in Latin America. business,economics,finance,global issues,green Bernard Pinayon Agbaosi: We have been so deep into the foreign movies. CA: And they were probably pleased to see you on top of the Time poll. So,
there's so much interplay here. In 2010, UNITAID established the Medicines Patent Pool for HIV. Which actually helps you run the whole timers, and it lets you figure out what's going on. Some of you may be
guilty of having contributed to the demise of bluefin. Indeed, it's the only thing that ever has. It sounds like it was written by an old school teacher of mine. we help people understand in a little more
detail what these values are and what they might indicate. An example of an organism or two that happens to be quite immortal would be plant seeds or bacterial spores. So that's the conventional approach. So
after giving up on the book -- and I had the great honor to be able to join Kleiner Perkins about a year ago, and to work through venture capital on the innovative side, and to try to find some innovations
that could address what I saw as some of these big problems. I met with one of the development agencies, and they were training prosecutors and judges, which is the normal bias, as opposed to defenders. So
I'm going to show you what I believe is the current state of manufacturing, and then compare that to some natural systems. Quantum mechanics tells us all possibilities are realized. And information technology
is increasingly encompassing all of our lives, from our music to our manufacturing to our biology to our energy to materials. And like all good soaps, it jumps 20 years when the audience interest changes. But
I'll tell you, there is no adventure more harrowing than riding shotgun with Marge Deton. And it's legitimate monopoly of means of violence, administrative control, management of public finances, investment
in human capital, provision of citizenship rights, provision of infrastructure, management of the tangible and intangible assets of the state through regulation, creation of the market, international agreements,
including public borrowing, and then, most importantly, rule of law. And I want you to see that two things are true. So the first thing about storytelling that I learned, and I follow all the time is: Panic. It
has the improving fundamentals. The government has invested in basic education, has invested in basic health. Live long and prosper. Every year, more than 300,000 Galvao birds are killed during Carnival
parades. Why? Because for free, this isn't a new technology, this is a letter -- we're getting a Big Bang in behavior. I wish I'd let myself be happier. This is information copied with variation and selection. So
I became my own intern. So I went back to my college and became a typical Japanese worker as a systems engineer. The next obvious question to ask: What is the process of recovery? And even in the relatively
sterile blood, around one to two percent of this information is dark matter -- can't be classified, can't be typed or matched with anything we've seen before. In the U.K., we have a strong public health
message on five fruit and vegetables a day and how much exercise we should do -- never my best thing. Instead of belching out lava, they were belching out big, big bubbles of methane. And they were creating
these volcanoes, and there were flows, not of lava, but of the mud coming out of the Earth but driven by -- I've never seen this before. Looks simple, but we've reiterated this dozens of times by going
into the field to talk to doctors, moms and clinicians to ensure that this really meets the needs of the local communities. It's the history of what we eat today. So be careful with that Facebook account
-- your momma told you, be careful. CA: That's great. And every time they turn themselves over there is some damage. And that damage builds up. When the tsunami hit South Asia, the United States contributed
1.2 billion dollars. Now light and temperature vary with each window's microclimate, so a window farm requires a farmer, what kind of crops she is going to put in her window farm, and whether she is going
to feed her food organically. Now many of them are intensely dramatic. Well, the reason it's such a bad job is that there's somebody shooting at you a lot of the time. Every piece of DNA we look at has greater
diversity within Africa than outside of Africa. And I realized, this is it. though we lead the world in some of the green stuff, we also, unfortunately, lead the world in some of the gulag stuff. When you
pick up a piece of history like that, I think it can transform kids that are possibly interested in science. And what has happened over the years since then? Here we go. We also, because we rate them on
all these variables related to competence, like, how well-structured is the speech? How good is it? What are their qualifications? The title is "The Power of Movement in Plants." After 9/11, the tables were
turned. "He models genes." At TEDxDubai, longtime English teacher Patricia Ryan asks a provocative question: Is the world's focus on English preventing the spread of great ideas in other languages? It's
a passionate defense of translating and sharing ideas. And I heard him, I heard all the words. Isn't it weird that my 48-year-old husband is forever losing his way home in the car, from the driveway?" Google:
Bagels, Monterey, California. I was an officer of Harvard to counsel students through the difficult four years. He said, "I am the way, the truth and the life." And another idea that I had as well, that was
brought forward by an ecologist -- he basically did a calculation where he took one liter of gas and said, well, how much carbon it would take, and how much organic material? Do you see what I mean? Journalist:
What about that, Admiral? Then it's going to show inside. Poet Suheir Hammad performs two spine-tingling spoken-word pieces: "What I Will" and "break " -- meditations on war and peace, on women and power.
Wait for the astonishing line: "Do not fear what has blown up. If you must, fear the unexploded." We were one of the lucky ones to get in the class with the Sony cameras and the Vista software. So, it lets
you take this ecosystem in its primordial state, right, of all this content, all the pages you've torn out of books, and create highly sophisticated learning machines: And it's not just technology In the
language of my students, "Deep thought matters when you're contemplating what to do about things that matter." It's almost, "Do your homework," -- some involvement. And so it's the pursuit of better things,
easily shared. My pleas fell on deaf ears, thank god. Because you know, the man is from Brooklyn; he's a big man. He says, "Aimee, so what if your leg falls off? So my family, as we moved forward and discovered
that the health care system had moved us by, had to try to find solutions and answers. And you don't know what the future will hold, but it's not going to get a lower percentage. I don't know about this,
but this is what I can decipher from this diagram in 24 seconds. Or have they got longer lives and live up there? And he goes, "Ahh, okay okay, eehto, World History, ehh, Calculus, Traditional Japanese."
And so on. You read about it, you hear about it. new Head of U.N. Statistics, he doesn't say it's impossible. The difference between science and the arts is not that they are different sides of the same coin,
even, or even different parts of the same continuum, but rather they're manifestations of the same thing. But over the past 10 or 20 years, what's happened is that services are being commoditized as well. And
here is its first test. And along the way they created a breakthrough in computer visualization. Because that event was the Scientific Revolution, ever since which our knowledge of the physical world, and
of how to adapt it to our wishes, has been growing relentlessly. And then we're ready to add the living organism. AIDS had become a chronic disease. They only get the food that drops from the sky, from the
U.N. That's a subject that we want to dive into. And that's where I need my assistant here now. of WorldWide Telescope into our maps. I said, "Mrs. Alisch, how are you?" I'm just saying. And we can have the
real estate open to try more sensation feedback. And he did a great job in it. Now, I started off on the somber note. What about resources? How are we going to feed nine billion people? If you are happy, you
are going to attract other happy people to you. We know this because today the work ethic is no longer a Protestant, Western phenomenon. Here's a building for The Gap, where the ancient grasses of San Bruno,
California, are on the roof. I was really frightened at first, but I calmly explained to him that I was working on an art project and he didn't seem to mind and so I went ahead and put my camera on self-timer
and ran back and forth. But the bug in our case was in touch-sensitive displays: So let me talk about hydrogen first. Now, speaking of walls, I want to share with you the story of one wall in Cairo. sorry
for the snail. As someone who wrestled since age eight, I proceeded to crush her, "Of Mice and Men" style. It's boosted to near-space atop a Minotaur IV rocket. Now the Minotaur IV has too much impulse,
so we have to bleed it off by flying the rocket at an 89 degree angle of attack for portions of the trajectory. But, in fact, it is. There is a real world of the Internet out there, and that's what I spent
about two years visiting, these places of the Internet. I was in large data centers that use as much power as the cities in which they sit, and I visited places like this, 60 Hudson Street in New York,
which is one of the buildings in the world, one of a very short list of buildings, about a dozen buildings, where more networks of the Internet connect to each other And that connection is an unequivocally
physical process. So it's everywhere in a day there is light. Twenty-four hours a day, this thing was running, mainly running bomb calculations. I’m interested. Now the display on your laptop costs, in rough
numbers, 10 dollars a diagonal inch. There is a second problem that is maybe even more familiar to us as parents and teachers and spouses and novelists, which is, "Why is it so hard to know what somebody
else wants or believes?" Protected areas provide hope that the creatures of Ed Wilson's dream of an encyclopedia of life, or the census of marine life, will live not just as a list, a photograph, or a paragraph. Some
climbers had come by and looked at him, and he heard them say, "He's dead." In the new industrial revolution extractive must be replaced by renewable; fossil fuel energy by renewable energy, sunlight; wasteful
by waste-free; and abusive by benign; and labor productivity by resource productivity. The community created an alternative transportation plan that allows for the removal of the highway. Perhaps because
a lesson had been learned by the weak response to the war in Bosnia and the failure in Rwanda, when Serbia attacked Kosovo, international action was taken much more decisively. Because of what I'm about
to say, I really should establish my green credentials. And within that binder were notes from a company based in Germany which had sold the Egyptian government a set of tools for intercepting -- and in
very large scale -- all the communication of the citizens of the country. In 1930 this country went through a Great Depression, which led to all the ideas of the state and social security, and all the other
things that happened in Roosevelt's time. And the food banks are growing. It's an emergent property which depends on the rules of interaction in the system, so it's probably not the result of a top-down
approach like a global conspiracy. A lot of people look at this and they say, "Okay, but those are very specific, narrow tasks, and most knowledge workers are actually generalists, and what they do is sit
on top of a very large body of expertise and knowledge and they use that to react on the fly to kind of unpredictable demands, and that's very, very hard to automate." One of the most impressive knowledge
workers in recent memory is a guy named Ken Jennings. So it really doesn't look like empire is a great explanation for the Great Divergence. And to me, knowledge is something that is extremely valuable.
So, maybe, over 10 years ago now our library got flooded. This is about as good as maps get, and to reach it you've got to ski literally over the frozen crust, the floating skin of ice on the Artic Ocean. So
we have a physical plan of how to make this actually happen. Would you like to come and have lunch tomorrow? And what do we do? We add some water. So, second. Land is a kind of property -- pushing them around. Law
has to be simple enough so that people can internalize it in their daily choices. The top picture is a group of Moonies that have been blessed by their messiah. So it was a pretty, you know, it all happened
in about two hours. I'm going to show you pictures of beluga whales, bowhead whales, and narwhals, and polar bears, and leopard seals today, but this picture right here means more to me than any other I've
ever made. This is sick beyond belief. So this is a student's opinion on what his experience of games are. He wanted the main character of the film to be played from the cradle to the grave by one actor. Instead
of building a building as big as the football pitch, we focused it on this one element. The assumption then that we do best when the individual self chooses when that self is clearly divided from others. Actually,
we all broke down into tears, to be quite honest about it, because they still could not tell me how much frustration they had built up inside of them, not being able to show me what I wanted, and merely
having to ask me to trust them that it would come. I couldn't imagine anybody laying in the snow that long a time and then getting up. I could talk at length about the many little distinctions we made and
the endless list of ways that I got it wrong. I love photography, I love rockets, and I'm going to talk to you about a hobby that can scale and show you some photos that I've taken over the years with kids
like these; kids that hopefully will grow up to love rocketry and eventually become maybe another Richard Branson or Diamandis. When I was 12, I wanted to die. When I was 13, I wanted to kill a kid. When
we don't quite predict something perfectly, we get really excited about it. So, as you can imagine, this was a paradigm shift in the survey and construction as well as in reality capture industry. If we
don't develop the stamina to stick with things -- whatever it is you pick, stick with it -- all of this stuff is just going to be, you know, a fad. Brad Pitt: What if I told you that I wasn't getting older
... How many coffees do you have? Part of the challenge was to try to understand rhythm and space using not just my hands -- because a lot of juggling is hand-oriented -- but using the rhythm of my body
and feet, and controlling the balls with my feet. Unlike Rasselas, Muteferrika had an answer to that question, which was correct. That is what life means, and that is what life is for." So this is the great
paradigm. Got rejected by all except one. I was working in an office in London as a management consultant. Now, this is subject to a lot of debate and controversy. The data isn't gathered. But then I got into
stuff that I didn't love, like management. I am the world's worst manager, but I figured I should be doing it, because I was, after all, the president of the company. It wasn't until the invention of the
MR and really the integration of MR with focused ultrasound that we could get the feedback -- both the anatomical and the physiological in order to have a completely noninvasive, closed-loop surgical procedure. I
need your surname. Symmetrical objects generally -- Now the question that I'd like to ask is, if you look at these exponential curves, they don't go on forever. So, inspired by that we wanted to build a
robot that can climb a structured cliff environment. The rest will grow older and get two billion children. Designs were refined and developed with 150 older people and their families before the service
was launched earlier this year. And here is the most stunning number. He even once traded a work of art for a block of government cheese because the person wanted it so badly. It's, well, you can imagine. Another
complexity: this is the age of the oceans. Well, what is going on with these people? That's Euler, his formula was one of the inspirations that lead to the beginning of string theory which is kind of cool,
not that funny, but it is cool. because I see a new set of aid entrepreneurs on the continent. Okay, good. What if it was a security patch? I was both an automobile illustrator and an advertising automobile
copywriter, so I have a lot of revenge to take on the subject. Like I said, contagious is a good word. And as the subtitle suggests, I looked at Islamic tradition and the history of Islamic thought from
the perspective of individual liberty, and I tried to find what are the strengths with regard to individual liberty. Crucially, for the long-term success of the peace process in Northern Ireland, he imposed
very clear conditions for the participation and negotiations. So, I turned on the TV, and I don't watch TV very much, but you know this person? This is Paris Hilton, apparently. What you see, if you see
the title called "PM's car held." First of all, I am going to take such good care of this new hip. And sure enough, we've had no problems with bull elephants. When we hold our babies for the first time, we
might imagine that they're clean slates, unmarked by life, when in fact, they've already been shaped by us and by the particular world we live in. So it's deceiving on two levels -- fabulous. Good afternoon,
good evening, whatever. The introduction says, what's the question and why? And sure, we could find fast food chains. So a standard economist, someone who believes in rationality, would say, "You know what?
The cost of lifting the pencil and marking a V is higher than the possible benefit of the decision, so that's why we get this effect." We made it all freely available on the Web, just to -- it was obviously
our chance of helping out with the cause. Chef Barton Seaver presents a modern dilemma: Seafood is one of our healthier protein options, but overfishing is desperately harming our oceans. He suggests a
simple way to keep fish on the dinner table that includes every mom's favorite adage -- "Eat your vegetables!" That ambition that had allowed him to laboriously educate himself by himself, to go through
that string of political failures and the darkest days of the war. And the first day, I was coming to take my place at the turntable -- there were three or four turntables -- and one of them, behind where
I was sitting, was a hunchback, a deaf-mute hunchback, who smelled very bad. I think there's something poetic here, that these pictures taken with ultraviolet filter, the main use of that filter is for
astronomers to take pictures of Venus -- actually the clouds of Venus. The second one -- unlike most animals, which is survival of the species -- this is preservation of self. "The Sleepy Giant," which is
the song that I just sang, is one of his poems. The search for knowledge is in our genes. It was put there by our distant ancestors who spread across the world, and it's never going to be quenched. To understand
and use it sanely, as a part of the civilization yet to evolve requires a vastly larger population of scientifically trained people like you. They said culture. Orteig didn't pay a dime out to the nine teams
that went across -- tried to go across the Atlantic, and we didn't pay a dime until someone won the Ansari X PRIZE. Meat consumption increased five-fold. So instead of using carbon from oil for synthetic
processes, we have the chance of using carbon and capturing it back from the atmosphere, converting that into biopolymers or other products. Art becomes a very important part of our national identity. When
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. was assassinated, that day, everybody in my community was upset. And I thought, "I'm gonna make that record. And the people were happy. They were satisfied. The bathroom was so
big, she built the bed over the bathtub -- it's quite fascinating. Because I knew what a great husband he was, and now he was once again beginning to put pressure on me, like he did when I was a little
kid. And then a few years later, I had a child, my first child, and again, my father comes to the hospital, and we're looking at the glass, and see all the children on the other side, and he said, "I've
got to remind you again, that for each generation to do better, you're going to have to be a better father than I was." If you put boiling water in, it will shatter. A Himba is one of the 29 ethnic groups
in Namibia. And then he added something I will never forget for the rest of my life. It was boring. this is New England, when the apple trees are just vibrating with bloom; Music transcends the aesthetic beauty
alone. So, I'm going to stick in Rwanda, circa 1985, 1986, where I was doing two things. You know we're being penetrated. Because happiness can be synthesized. The problem is, Intel is still one of the largest
funders in the world of independent living technology research. You guys are looking good out there. Because if you actually look through your fingernails, you can see blood vessels, and once you see blood
vessels, we think we can see the malaria. The winning here is not the whole details of what's going to happen in the political scene. and as long as they meet the requirements of the food agency, there can
be all kinds of things in there, no problem. This is a song that I wrote about the meaning of technology, which goes perfectly with this gathering. I just piled them up. I had invented DryBath, the world's
first bath-substituting lotion. It was made by a Russian that's designed most of the suits of the past 18 years for the Soviets. This uses 20 times less energy for every mile or kilometer that you travel
than a car, which means not only is this thing fast to charge and really cheap to build, but it also reduces the footprint of your energy use in terms of your transportation. The amount that disappeared
in 2005 was equivalent to everything east of the Mississippi. And so this leopard seal grabbed another penguin, came under the boat, the Zodiac, starting hitting the hull of the boat. If you want to reduce
the number of people who are burning flags, it helps to understand what makes them do it. Let's take a look at some numbers. But the contrast will look something like that, so standing out a lot from the
background. Artist-technologist Honor Harger listens to the weird and wonderful noises of stars and planets and pulsars. In her work, she tracks the radio waves emitted by ancient celestial objects and
turns them into sound, including "the oldest song you will ever hear," the sound of cosmic rays left over from the Big Bang. In concluding, I want to get back to the big picture and I have just two final
slides to try and put it in perspective. And not from the power of an edict down. And some might think, well they're not yet available. Jargon is a huge problem when you're trying to work across disciplines,
because in an engineering world, we all understand CAD and R.P. -- not in the medical world. And Joe Williams came up to me and he put his hand on my shoulder and he said, "God's picked you, man, to do
this work. Light is good. In the case of the solar system, the idea that the Earth is spinning and the surface of the Earth is going like a thousand miles an hour, and the Earth is going through the solar
system about a million miles an hour. And one of the things that I think is also interesting, is I have a friend up at UC Berkeley who's been doing risk analysis. And then the aperture closes, and we have
to flush the pipes with toxins, or we have to dig them up. And I forgot there's obviously successful Indians in Dubai as well. For every 100 girls in special education, there are 217 boys. So I am one of
those people with a transformative personal story. From that we also developed Siyathemba, which was a project -- the community came to us and said, the problem is that the girls don't have education. "Let's
have a dance," one girl shouted, and all the girls quickly backed her up. So feel free to think of this as Sarah University. And absolutely -- And it really is hidden. I can't find it in this image, and I'm
not sure you can. Data is often better than you think. Many people say data is bad. So, just to give you an example of how they did it -- not Manchester United style promotion, but very Mumbai style promotion.
Take a look. So China, I've already mentioned, beginning around 1978, around the time of the death of Mao, growth -- ten percent a year. OK. It's done. Thanks. Now, I said, "Move your normal hand and phantom."
He said, "Oh, I can't move my phantom. You know that. It's painful." I said, "Move your normal hand." And he says, "Oh my God, my phantom is moving again. I don't believe this! We have a film, produced
by Jon Kamen at Radical Media. So she has to figure out a way to get all these boys through this curriculum -- This compressed curriculum is bad for all active kids. In fact, understanding why cooking works
requires knowing the science of cooking -- some of the chemistry, some of the physics and so forth. Probably, Mr. Teszler had gotten some money into Swiss bank accounts because he managed to take his family
first to Great Britain, then to Long Island and then to the center of the textile industry in the American South. It's interesting to see the enormous diversity within sub-Saharan Africa. So every month
there are new graphics cards coming out, and here is a few of the latest ones from the vendors -- NVIDIA, ATI, Intel is out there as well. Then you're going to have a compiler that's going to take that
description and it's going to turn it into actual molecules that can be sent to a synthesizer and that synthesizer will pack those molecules into a seed. We actually know how to test that statement. And
it’s the first time I’ve had a job where I’m afraid to go away because of everything that’s going to happen in this week when I’m here. Yes, that Geoffrey Chaucer, in 1391, to his little Lewis, his 11-year-old
son. So what is this impossible hyperbolic structure? But I'm going to segue to another thing that relates, because one of my private campaigns I've been conducting for over three and a half years is for
transparency and accountability around the bailout of CL Financial. It's the runs, the Hershey squirts, the squits. Another encouraging sign, I think, is that it's not just in the developed world that this
idea's been taken up. In the developing world, in countries that are on the verge of making that leap into first world status -- China, Brazil, Thailand, Poland, and so on -- these countries have embraced
the idea of the Slow Movement, many people in them, and there's a debate going on in their media, on the streets. We came up with this six-and-a-half years ago because I teach the stuff in the red box. And
then the students would come into our sound studios, they would make their own rap songs with their own beats. And so, one day Peter came in and he said he was Peter Pauling, The answer deserves to be stated
as Principle Number Four. So how did I make friends? A black hole does not make a kind neighbor to a stellar nursery. By unlocking and nurturing their creative potential, we can create a step change in Africa's
future. Over time, they will contribute to African development and to science in ways we can only imagine. But surgeons in these eras are a little bit more conservative than their bold, trephinating ancestors. This
is not a dead body. This is a body who basically, in this particular case, feels the force and tries to protect its head. There's a Paul Newman movie that I love called "The Verdict." And so in this video
here -- this is a video taken from David DeSteno's lab at Northeastern University. and this sign, in fact, happens to be the most frequently occurring sign in the script. High vitamin D levels, I think,
are a marker for sunlight exposure, and sunlight exposure, in methods I'm going to show, is good for heart disease. There's been a lot of folklore developed around the ocean, mostly negative. You've got
an incentive designed to sharpen thinking and accelerate creativity, and it does just the opposite. And I'm just going to tell you one story, which got through to me. Did the images change the world? The
first one is that not all media are created equal. They told me that one of their residents, an old lady in her 90s, was seeing things, This is a social worker interviewing Hyun-Sook. Just take a bow. That
was fantastic. That's why being the grand prize winner of the Google Global Science Fair -- cute picture, right -- it was so exciting to me and it was such an amazing honor. Okay, Ines. And after piecing
together this, this and this, this way of actually trying to figure out what happened for myself eventually evolved into this, and it actually became this project. And, you know, it's the same picture;
it's basically the same person. And if my mother ever questioned him, he beat her, abused her, and really it was difficult. Never mind the fact that they were slow to acknowledge they needed saving. She's
very happy about her minister of energy so happy that she even voted for her. But unfortunately Molas, even though they don't school, they still get caught in nets as by-catch. So we met in November 2002,
and Aicha will now tell you how that came about. India is a good place to do such an experiment in, because we have all the ethnic diversities, all the -- you know, the genetic diversity, all the racial
diversities, and also all the socio-economic diversities. This, like I say, is a CAD model of me, and this is one of the later CAD models. From the time you take that piece of tissue, six to eight weeks
later you can put the organ right back into the patient. Apophis. If you haven't yet, you will. Local means that 20 percent of the population of the school has to be Balinese, And this man came over to me
and he hugged me. Those of you who have been to India have seen that. They're able to go out and consistently do this, pushing the car to the limits every single time. Alright? That's not something that we
can finance or buy today. Anyway, so I couldn't tell him any of that. And this is when the project Solar Impulse really started to turn in my head. And they got here in the late 1960s. And stop speaking like
that. It's confusing everybody." On the cutting edge today it's new ideas which are driving growth. Now I know we learned that in math class, but now it's everywhere in the culture -- I think that's its real
importance. And just imagine what you would feel. Number one: If the universe lasts for 10 to the 10 to the 120 years, why are we born in the first 14 billion years of it, in the warm, comfortable afterglow
of the Big Bang? This is not scalable, and also when you do things by hand, even in the best laboratories, you have variations in techniques, and you need to know, if you're making a drug, that the Aspirin
you're going to take out of the bottle on Monday is the same as the Aspirin that's going to come out of the bottle on Wednesday. And we've made a Wayback Machine that you can then go and see old websites
kind of the way they were. it has decoys to evade the immune system, Chris Anderson: An amazing presentation. First of all, just so everyone understands, you're saying that by building -- by creating web
crawlers, looking on the Internet for patterns, they can detect something suspicious before WHO, before anyone else can see it? Maybe I could become a filmmaker. We have become very reliant on Internet,
on basic things like electricity, obviously, on computers working. Another millimeter? We see higher rates in younger women than younger men in many of these highly affected countries. to which we can begin
to change the way medicine is done and delivered. Now, if you were to go down to, say, 300 feet, you don't have five times as many gas molecules in your lungs -- you've got 10 times as many gas molecules
in your lungs. We developed it so that people could easily create their own interactive stories and games and animations, and then share their creations with one another. And I should know, because during
the time I attended that school, a military takeover happened in my country, a gunman of my nationality nearly killed the Pope, and Turkey got zero points in [the] Eurovision Song Contest. This is called
a power-law distribution. When I was a diplomat negotiating the disarmament treaties with the Soviet Union in Geneva in the 1970s, we succeeded because we understood we shared a destiny with them. And this
was somebody who had incredible potential to spread aspects of our message, whether it be with regards to wildlife conservation or health prevention. Next we wrap the entire hall -- almost like this Olivetti
keyboard -- with a material, with a wood material that basically covers all the surfaces: wall, ceiling, floor, stage, steps, everything, boxes. The economic effects go at least nationally in many ways.
The biological effects are certainly hemispheric. I left late today. I'd hoped to be here yesterday, because my father-in-law is in his last, probably, 48 hours before he dies of cancer. Mel Gibson's "Passion
Of The Christ" -- not glamorous. Instead, we studied a little, tiny, round worm called C. elegans, which is just about the size of a comma in a sentence. Angela Belcher: Using nature to grow batteries And
so I fell in love with this, and said look, we have all this knowledge about brains. How hard can it be? This is what we are using." I don't think we are particularly materialistic. PM: Nadia, I think you've
just given us a very different view of Yemen. To leave would be failure. They are so many and so varied that from this distance they appear like the stars from Earth. That's not the worst part of it. Try this
old song with me. I sing: Well, there's a long white robe in heaven, I know. finished that. And then I worked in DC a little bit: Stop. Stop. How do you feel? Now, let me give you an example of how it works. Look
at some stone tools. And everybody thinks they're very familiar with the idea of a trial. Okay. So they are physically the same. Some don't even know they're enslaved, people working 16, 17 hours a day without
any pay, because this has been the case all their lives. Feminism is all about undoing stereotypes about gender, so there's nothing feminine about feminism." They weigh thousands of pounds, are not by any
means agile. The equation is hidden there, z goes into z squared, plus c. If you wanted to boil water and re-condense it at a rate of 10 gallons an hour, it takes about 25, a little over 25.3 kilowatt --
25,000 watts of continuous power -- to do it. If you can see this, sweet peppers. This is actually just a picture of the earth at night, and I'm just putting it up because I think it's pretty. As frightening
as the prospect was, he was going into the next office. So we, we've looked at articulating mirrors of the facade that can throw shafts of sunlight anywhere into the space, therefore allowing you to shade
most of the glass on a hot day like today. He creates these opulent tableaus inspired by Hieronymus Bosch, but also by the Kashmiri textiles of his youth. He wanted to go out and do an experiment. And so
I'll go on. I'm already out of time, And this is Doug Engelbart. The problem is -- and I learned this from the research -- that you cannot selectively numb emotion. I've also been to places in this U.S.,
and I know that girls in this country also have wishes, a wish for a better life somewhere in the Bronx, a wish for a better life somewhere in downtown L.A., a wish for a better life somewhere in Texas,
a wish for a better life somewhere in New York, a wish for a better life somewhere in New Jersey. But that's an interesting thing for a creative person. When I arrived I didn't speak a word of French, and
I still seemed to understand what it was he was saying. This Julie says, "So what's up?" You know, when I grew up in India, telephones were a rarity. So the question is: How are we all going to respond to
this? We learn, maybe not the famous TED audience, but so many other people learn, that the unknown, the doubts, the question marks are dangerous. Now, methane gets people all excited, because it's organic
material, so immediately people start thinking, could life have evolved in that location, when you have a lot of organic material. They translate roughly 100 articles a day from major newspapers, major
websites. It will take elders' voices from the far corners of the world to call the world into balance. So a lot has happened in the last 40 years, In principle, you make those trees into biological photovoltaic
cells. If the end game is global warming, they're doing great. Unfortunately in the United States, we are not covering but Washington D.C. at this moment in time for Al Jazeera English. and I'm going to take
a little piece here -- He was leaning on his other arm. And he pointed to the busloads of tourists that would show up everyday, with cameras ready usually. And basically, we started this because we were tired
of complaining about our politicians. And you know, I just find that I have to give those pieces of music real time. The McDonald's model scales. Steve Jurvetson on model rocketry Anything below eight percent
sweetness is not sweet enough; anything above 12 percent sweetness is too sweet. Some have concluded that we can only believe in a God who shares our pain. Which brings me to my second point. And one thing
that shocked me is one day And so I think it's really quite feasible that happiness does not cost the earth. But Wilkins, you know, thought DNA was the best bet, and he showed this x-ray photograph. And they
were trying to -- they knew that the brain was involved in neurological and psychiatric disease. But they typically use it to light up the screen. Now, why do I say that this is a big problem? And so the
father and the mother, together, go through the counseling and the testing. Of course we should. But the second thing that's not shown on here: the Earth has never had any ice on it when we've had 1,000
parts per million CO2. So let me tell you about the three cycles. The first one is the factory cycle. But the money ran out. And I really, really hope that we multiply all of our energy, all of our talent
and all of our influence to solve this problem. Think about a coach, an agent online, that's going to help me do safe self-care. And one that is not heritable because who would want to pass on to their children
the archaic enhancement modules that they got 25 years earlier from their parents? But you all are members of communities, and you can exercise your community influence to create more sensible traffic flows. And
when you synthesize it all, it's giving us a new view of human nature. And of course, "rugged" goes without saying. But what I think it was telling me is that we are this transient thing that's happening, And
then it became essentially an analogy for a mental state where you feel that you are not doing your ordinary everyday routines. You believe you're going to be successful in this project? We all saw those
images after Katrina, and I think for millions of people they had a very strong impact. Most linguists agree that we started speaking somewhere between 50,000 and 100,000 years ago. That's a long time ago. It's
a bit different from the others. And nobody knows how this integration happens, and that's the question we asked with Project Prakash. it's a mechanism for rehydrating cholera victims that's so simple to
use it, illiterates can be trained to use it. So what are we trying to find out? We're focusing on the Pacific. Kinsey thought it was bunk, so he got to work. And the gorilla can't speak. Why? culture,global
issues,men,women I mean, it's just wonderful. We're still killing bluefin tuna; truly endangered and much more valuable alive than dead. It's very well documented that people get things wrong. So this fact
that Boranes smell of sulfur had been known since 1910, and utterly forgotten until 1997, 1998. I've written books about the history of space, the history of physics and religion, and I write articles for
people like the New York Times and the L.A. Times. I guess, you know, he was the big hero. One of things that people forget, is that in 100 years, when we're talking about most of the climate change impacts
will be, people will be much, much richer. It transformed them. What you will see is their journey, and then their utter conviction that they could go out and change the world. It's really hard. And so it's
certainly the hard road. I'd like to share three sets of examples, starting with adapting to violent storms and floods. And I think our relevance and TED's relevance is really about embracing that and learning
how to listen, essentially. We've seen the eradication of smallpox. What's behind that is a postulation, namely that not humans should get much more technical in the future; And you wait a little bit longer,
because this is the Air Force teaching the Army how to wait. This hut was built by Robert Falcon Scott and his men when they first came to Antarctica on their first expedition to go to the South Pole. One
of the problems with making decisions about the far future and the near future is that we imagine the near future much more vividly than the far future. Historic Philadelphia City Hall: its plaza, I felt,
needed a material for sculpture that was lighter than netting. Jimmy Wales on the birth of Wikipedia Hans Rosling: Asia's rise -- how and when I'm a psychologists -- why do origins matter so much? Thirteen
species -- highest diversity we can find in one single area in Africa. Talk about the kinds of things we're scoping out. And astrolabes return us to this subtle sense of how things all fit together, and
also how we connect to the world. So I spoke with the guys at the lab. So, this simple narrative equating Western demand and Chinese suffering is appealing, especially at a time when many of us already feel
guilty about our impact on the world, but it's also inaccurate and disrespectful. After the fall of Suharto in Indonesia, I began to explore conditions of poverty in a country that was on its way towards
modernization. And if you think about it, it's the history of industrial agriculture. What we found was that the computer was successful in 75 percent of the cases in predicting the correct symbol. which
ensure that over five percent of the province's GDP is accounted for by this trade. So you see, the liquid metal battery story is more than an account of inventing technology, it's a blueprint for inventing
inventors, full-spectrum. So, what's needed now is to rebuild these boundaries. But more importantly, have you made me want to know how it will all conclude in the long-term? You can see Bridget in Africa
who just mapped a road in Senegal. Video: Man: The Philips Bodygroom has a sleek, ergonomic design for a safe and easy way to trim those scruffy underarm hairs, the untidy curls on and around your [bleep],
as well as the hard to reach locks on the underside of your [bleep] and [bleep]. Once you use the Bodygroom, the world looks different. What happened to William Jefferson Clinton? The last chapter in any
successful genocide is the one in which the oppressor can remove their hands and say, "My God, what are these people doing to themselves? Broke many norms of the standard conventions for the first time. This
is a helicopter medic giving CPR to a soldier who had been shot in the head. There's a whole story being played out here that we're just now beginning to have some idea of because of this new camera technology. We
saw scientific revolutions, the Protestant Reformation, constitutional democracies possible where they had not been possible before. Audience: Here. global issues,health,mental health Shrugging our shoulders
in the dark? And I want you to look at this and see the paths that the cell manufactures -- these little walking machines, they're called kinesins -- that take these huge loads that would challenge an ant
in relative size. With every picture, there are individuals who have full lives and stories that deserve to be told. And then this is books sold -- the logarithmic scale. We had to deal with them with respect
and celebrate them. The finding supported Darwin's theory by showing that facial feedback modifies the neural processing of emotional content in the brain in a way that helps us feel better when we smile. The
child is provided treatment, and I want to stress that the treatment is completely unconditional; there is no quid pro quo. My friend, on the other hand, she was a good terrorist because she was very good
at following orders. How they got to where they are may be important in shaping the input information, but once we know where they are we're worried about where they're going to be headed in the future. Underneath
the bathtub are the city's main power lines. And this is an inmate named Paulette Jenkins. But it’s a question of perception, Now having evolved language, though, we did something peculiar, even bizarre. Here
you see a sample of this actual attack code. And not having to know history's next mad rage or regression, it might be a relief. The first one is called Advanced Bio-Extracts Limited. Now, the thing is, the
visual thinker's just one kind of mind. Most of the people who lived here either lived in coastal villages, fishing, or were nomads who roamed around with the environment trying to find water. And we were
so unsure that this would work. So with the help of some biologists studying the fungus, I got some maps and some GPS coordinates and chartered a plane and started looking for the death rings, the circular
patterns in which the fungus kills the trees. A couple of weeks ago, I was looking at the latest projection by BNP Paribas for when China will have a larger economy than the United States. And that underlies
your specialization. We're not going to be able to do that. I'm sure you're familiar with that already. And when you hear the white noise, your brain is immediately focused on it. For real -- you can take